{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16318422", "title": "Govt changes forest law for tribals", "text": "NEW DELHI: The tribal affairs ministry has overcome hurdles put up by rigid forest regulations. The ministry has ensured that tribals can not only extract minor forest produce such as bamboo, tubers, leaves, medicinal plants and resins, but also store, transport, process and sell them. The change of rules to the Forest Rights Act (FRA) has effectively given tribals the chance to get a much larger pie of the Rs 50,000-crore annual trade of minor forest produce.Over the years, the steady opposition by the forest bureaucracy had denied tribals' access to the minor forest produce trade.For example, even when tribals were allowed to cut bamboo they were not allowed to transport it by anything save a bicycle or a cart. Forest departments across states often interpreted their 'bona-fide livelihood needs' that translated to tribals could cut what they needed for their personal consumption but not trade in the goods even in local markets, while large volumes of the produce were sold across the country by traders and business people.Now, the tribal affairs ministry has redefined 'bonafide livelihood needs' under the FRA to include sale of minor forest produce extracted by tribals and other forest dwellers beyond their personal use. The rules also clarify that tribals can store and transport the goods without a hindrance.Union tribal affairs minister Kishore Chandra Deo , sources in the ministry said, took a personal initiative to ensure that the new rules to back the intent of UPA's flagship law for tribals come through despite objections from some lobbies.Another system of control that forest departments used to block tribals from getting a bigger share of the minor forest produce trade was transport permits. The amended rules stipulate that tribals won't be required to pay a fee or any charge for such transport regulations.The changes have been made ahead of the government launching a minimum support price regime for minor forest produce along the lines of the sop provided for farmers for some crops. In tune with the reforms, environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan, too, had recently amended the forest regulations to define bamboo as a grass and not a tree, consequently classifying it as a minor forest produce that tribals would be able to harvest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16318080", "title": "Guv trident light posers to mayor", "text": "KOLKATA: Trident lights meant to bring back the city's Raj-era looks have turned out to be a bother for mayor Sovan Chatterjee. The controversy over the tender process and pricing of the lights has now reached the Raj Bhavan with governor M K Narayanan asking the mayor to come clean.In his letter, the governor refers to media reports and the memorandum submitted by Left councillors, who met him earlier seeking his intervention.TOI was the first to report that the installation of these lights and the subsequent inflated electricity bill was bleeding the KMC coffers.This is the second time during Chatterjee's tenure that the governor has sought clarifications from the KMC on the civic body's move. Earlier, the governor questioned certain provisions of the KMC's property tax waiver scheme before he gave nod to the Bill tabled in the Assembly.Sensing the mood, municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed has asked joint municipal commissioner Sahidul Islam to prepare a detailed report on the trident lights.The KMC started installing the trident lights in the latter half of last year. The furore started this January when the civic body's private contractors submitted bills totalling Rs 27 crore for installing 15,000 lights.Opposition happy with guv missiveFinance officials found to their dismay that the bill for each trident light post along with fittings was Rs 17,690 minus installation charges, while the price of the same posts manufactured at the KMC's Entally workshop was only Rs 9,600. The difference in pricing drew the attention of the KMC's finance wing that questioned the orders placed on grounds of \"fair rates.\"But this was only the tip of the iceberg. In a bid to bypass the rule book that calls for inviting tenders, the lighting department created as many as 540 files keeping the bill amount of each file below Rs 5 lakh before submitting it to the KMC finance department. The department didn't even approach the KMC tender committee. Municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed asked the finance department to keep the bill payment on hold till the matter was sorted out at the mayor-in-council level.The commissioner didn't stop at that. He recommended administrative steps against director-general (electrical) Gautam Patnaik and sent it for approval to the mayor-in-council \u2014 the KMC's policy making body. The MiC in its meeting on August 31 resolved to show cause the accused official. The mayor announced the disciplinary step in a press meet following the meeting. But the DG (electrical) has not been issued a showcause as yet.The governor's missive has come handy to Left councillors who have been demanding a probe into the alleged irregularities. \"It is heartening that the governor has sought clarification from the KMC. We have been demanding a probe but the mayor didn't pay heed. He can't ignore the governor,\" said KMC opposition leader Rupa Bagchi. Caught on the back foot mayor-in-council member Tarak Singh said: \"We have to take steps against the accused official. I think the matter will be clear in the next MIC meeting,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16332354", "title": "Activists take out mock funeral of AMC admin", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In order to register their protest against the hike in house tax, activists of Public Ekta Manch took out a mock funeral procession of Allahabad Municipal Corporation administration on Saturday. They shouted slogans against the AMC authorities and demanded rollback of hike in house tax.The procession started from Baluaghat Crossing under corporator Satish Kesarwani. People participating in the rally said that AMC officers are not interested in providing civic amenities to the citizens of the city and are just interested in hiking the house tax. They also expressed concern over the deteriorating condition of the roads and the cleanliness scenario of the city.State president of Public Ekta Manch Vijay Gupta observed that high rate of house tax is totally unpractical, illegal and a symbol of atrocious policies of Allahabad Municipal Corporation administration. He also warned that if the AMC authorities do not withdraw the hike in house tax, then agitation of the people would be intensified further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16323516", "title": "Madonna expands gym empire Down Under", "text": "Singer Madonna has decided to share her love of sweat with Sydney, by expanding her luxury gym empire, Hard Candy Fitness.The Druitt Street (Sydney) Energy Emporium opened its doors this week and introduced the Harbour City to the pop queen's \"harder is better\" motto.\"She's very involved. This isn't just her name on a gym. She is personally involved, she knows what she wants, she knows the experience that she wants people to have, and for them to be really motivated,\" Stuff.co.nz quoted Hard Candy Fitness Sydney CEO Selena Short as telling Fairfax.\"She has an incredible work ethic, and I think that's what she wants this gym to stand for. Somewhere, where you are motivated to work hard and enjoy the benefits of working as hard as she does, because it's the only way she lives her life.\"When you do the Addicted to Sweat class you experience it exactly how she does it, and she has all her little rules, and she's very particular, very, very particular,\" she added possibly referring to how Madonna introduced the world to Hard Candy Fitness back in 2010 when the first doors opened in Mexico,\" she added.Madonna's first Australian gym follows similar ventures in Russia and Chile and boasts of four floors of exercise equipment, locker rooms complete with communal curling irons and seven studios made for gruelling group fitness classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16321922", "title": "South-west monsoon normal in 19 districts of Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall across Karnataka was widespread over three districts; fairly widespread over four; scattered over nine; isolated in 12; and negligible in two districts in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday.South-west monsoon was active in one district; normal in 19 districts; and weak in 10 districts. Rather heavy rain was recorded in four districts; moderate rain in 23 districts, light rain in one district, and very light rain in two districts.Rainfall over Karnataka in the above 24-hours is considered as scattered since 33% of the hoblis and gram panchayaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Kurdi in Manvi taluk of Raichur district recorded maximum rainfall of 60.5mm in the state in this period.Widespread, moderate to rather heavy rain was received in Chamarajanagar, Kodagu and Udupi, Karnataka state natural disaster monitoring centre, Bangalore stated.Fairly widespread, moderate to rather heavy rain was received in Uttara Kannada, Mysore, Mandya, Dakshina Kannada and Raichur districts; scattered, moderate rain in Chikkaballapur, Shimoga, Hassan, Yadgir, Chikmagalur, Belgaum, Bijapur and Ramanagar districts; and isolated, light to moderate rain in Gulbarga, Chitradurga, Gadag, Bagalkote, Kolar, Davangere, Bellary, Haveri, Tumkur, Koppal, Bangalore Rural and Dharwad.Karnataka, for the period June 1 to September 9, has recorded deficit rainfall of 21%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317815", "title": "'Actor Neeral Bhardwaj, spoke to mom just before mishap'", "text": "MUMBAI: TV actor Neeral Bhardwaj, who was killed after a speeding Honda City rammed into her auto on Friday at Juhu, had spoken to her mother on phone minutes before she met her end.\"I cannot explain in wordshow low I am feeling right now. Neeral was a bright child. She had achieved so much in a short span of time. She was a sensitive person who tried to liven up things for anyone who was feeling even a bit depressed,\" her mother, Mamta, told TOI.Neeral, 18, was the eldest of four sisters. Her younger siblings study in class XI, VII and V. \"Minutes before her accident, Neeral was on the phone with me. She said that she had started for the hotel where her aunt who is a senior pilot with an airline was putting up and that she would call me again once she reached the hotel,\" Mamta said. The next call that Mamta received was from Neeral's friend, Kamlesh Patekar, informing her about the accident.On Saturday, the Honda City driver, Purvesh Patkar, 25, was released on a bail bond of Rs 50000. Mamta said her family would fight for justicefor her daughter, no matter what it takes. \"Neeral's father is planning to hire a lawyer to fight the case,\" Mamta said.According to Kamlesh, Neeral was not very ambitious and was happy working in television serials. \"She avoided attempting Bollywood films as her impression about the film industry struggle was not good,\" he added. Kamlesh has known Neeral since childhood. \"Neeral's birth name was Neelam Sharma. Her family conducted her funeral at Bhopal on Saturday after claiming her body from the Cooper post-mortem centre.\"Meanwhile, the police are yet to trace the driver of the auto who was plying Neeral. Senior inspector of DN Nagar police station, Vijaykumar Bhoite, did not confirm reports in a section of the media that the auto driver had got himself admitted to a civic-run hospital. \"A security guard, who was posted in a building close to where the accident took place, told me that the auto driver had sustained a few injuries. The auto driver, along with a few others, managed to move his damaged vehicle from the spot to one side. But he wasn't spotted thereafter,\" Kamlesh said.Neeral was doing her second-year BCom by correspondence from the Bhopal University, while working in TV serials and advertisements simultaneously in Mumbai. Both her parents are government employees at Bhopal. Her father, Babulal, was formerly the personal assistant of BJP leader, Uma Bharti . Neeral's aunt, (the senior pilot) is also a relative of Uma Bharti.\"We are yet to go through CCTV footage of the spot which would establish the sequence of events that led to the accident. We are also yet to receive Patkar's medical reports which would confirm if he was drunk driving,\" Bhoite said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318420", "title": "Excellence, research to be Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University VC's priority", "text": "NAGPUR: If the new vice-chancellor of Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University (Mafsu) Aditya Kumar Misra has his way, the university may no longer be known for its tarnished image. It may take time, but the university will be known for its academic and research standard. He wishes to raise the status of the university at par with not just national but also international universities.Speaking to TOI after taking charge from divisional commissioner B V Gopala Reddy, who was holding temporary charge of Mafsu, Misra said he had joined the university with a vision and would leave no stone unturned to see that it is translated into reality. \"I have taken up the responsibility of the university with full knowledge of its past. Though my first priority will be to give an impetus to academics, research and extension, which is the mandate of any university, I will strive to bring in utmost transparency in administration,\" he said.Misra, who has wide experience of teaching, administration and research, having worked as a teacher in the G B Pant Agriculture Technology University in Pantnagar and Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), was appointed the new Mafsu VC by Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayana on September 4. With many firsts to his credit in the field of animal reproduction research, Misra wishes to take the existing technologies to farmers and seek feedback to solve their problems.The VC is also planning to address the regional issues first without deviating from basic research in the field. The university website will be made more vibrant, accommodating and interactive so that beneficiaries can avail the knowledge available with the university and implement in their work.Talking about improving the work culture of the university and its affiliated colleges, Misra said he would visit all the colleges, take stock of the existing infrastructure, direction of the research and extension activities before deciding on his course of action to raise the standard of the university. He said though he was aware of the ground realities his passion for every assignment he takes will take the university forward.\"I am a born learner and will soon pick up the weaknesses as well as strengths. Once that happens, improving the strengths further would not be a difficult job. For removing the lacunae, I will need the support of my team. I am sure positive attitude and targeted approach will help me realize the vision,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16318597", "title": "Advani tries to revive Ram Temple issue in Gorakhpur", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Lal Krishna Advani on Saturday once again raked up the Ram Temple issue and reiterated that that Ram temple in Ayodhya should be built.Advani, who was in Gorakhpur to attend a programme organised for the release of a book - 'Rashtriyata Ke Ananya Saadhak Mahant Avaidhyanath' - on the life of Gorakhshpeeth Mahant, said that a huge temple at Ayodhya should be built and that too during the lifetime of Mahant Avaidhyanath and Vishwa Hindu Parishad international chief Ashok Singhal.\"It is not just the question of a grand temple in Ayodhya, but the fact that Lord Rama is our role model. Temple of Lord Rama is an inspiration for us,\" said Advani and added the very imagination of Ramrajya is aimed at making everyone happy. Advani also showered praise on Mahant Avaidhyanath and said that he is one of those saints who jumped into politics just bring positive changes in the politics and system prevailing in the country.The former deputy prime minister also criticised \"two laws\" of land in one country, and said that Article 370, which gives separate powers to Jammu and Kashmir , should be abolished.Speaking on the occasion, VHP chief Ashok Singhal said that Hindutva is a secular entity and cited examples that the people of the country embraced whosever came from foreign land. However, now the situation has become alarming people are being forced to run away from their home. Singhal exhorted the gathering to pledge construction of Ram temple by 2014. BJP MP from Gorakhpur Yogi Adityanath also got rousing applause from the audience.Others who spoke on the occasion include state BJP president Laxmikant Bajpayi, former Union minister of state for home Swami Chinmayanand, and BJP's national vice-president Kalraj Misra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16320002", "title": "I make what audience wants: Ekta Kapoor", "text": "Ekta Kapoor is known as the queen of small screen but her serials have often evoked criticism for being repetitive and prolonged.The producer however, says she makes what the audience demands. The 37-year-old, whose list of TV serials include the famous Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi, Kasautii Zindagii Kay and Bade Achhe Lagte Hain , said she is more than eager to change her serial's story line but it is the audience who is not ready for something new.\"The day audience demands something else I will make different TV shows. If you check last 10 years TRP's then you will realise that people don't want to see any other stories except love stories, saas bahu saga etc. \"I am more than willing to break free from all these age old topics but I don't have an option,\" said Ekta, who was in the capital attending the India Today Mind Rocks Youth Summit 2012.She started her career with comedy show ' Hum Paanch ' and went on to change the face of Indian television. Ekta has now moved on to producing films and she already has made name for herself in the business with hits like The Dirty Picture and Love Sex aur Dhokha . \"I started from my father's garage and today it feels good to see that I have come this far. It was always my passion to make serials and moving to movies was the next obvious step.\"TV is about masses and I have maintained a connection with my audiences.I understand what they want and it is usually so that what I like they like it as well. Me and my audience share the same thinking and liking,\" she said. Ekta, who is known for her short temper, says she is a changed person now and has mellowed down over the years. \"I have changed a lot as a person. I think before I was an immature person who couldn't handle success and lot of work. But I have learnt from my mistakes. It was just too much too soon,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321005", "title": "Parupalli Kashyap denies dating Saina Nehwal", "text": "The 25 years old shuttler Parupalli Kashyap recently received the Arjuna awards and expressed, \"Frankly, I was not sure that I would get the award. It just came on its own and I'm very happy receiving the prestigious award. The only disappointment is that only medal winners of the London Olympics are being felicitated.\"\"Many athletes who gave their best performances at the London Olympics did not get sponsorship or support from the government. I wish the government and sponsors could have felicitated them too. I became the first Indian male player to reach the quarterfinals at the Olympics but sadly sponsors didn't even come to help to me out. I feel every athlete who went to the London Olympics gave their best and performed very well. I also hope that my state decide to recognise my performance at the London Olympics 2012 someday,\" he said.He further adds, \"I was surprised to see people recognising me during my recent visits to Delhi and Mumbai. People almost came forward to wish me and congratulated me. It was a good feel factor and gave me a moral boost. Surprisingly a lot of them watched my match too and appreciated me for my performance.\"It's totally amazing to see so many fan followers on my social site now, I seriously didn't expect it. I think the London Olympics was a great platform for me and has helped badminton to become popular in India. I think Saina's winning the medal and me reaching the quarter finals, we both have been able to create history for Indian badminton.\"Both Saina and Kashyap have known each other for eight years and they have been practising the game at the same academy in Hyderabad. There have also been talks going on that both have been spotted going out together. So is the friendship bonding taking the relationship to a different level?And Kashyap giggles, \"Saina and me are just good friends. We help each other out in tournaments. Honestly speaking, it's all jokes and rumour. I have known Saina for a long time. But nothing like that... (he laughs), we are not in a relationship and we are not dating each other. It's all silly rumours.\"There are no plans to marry now. I'm focussing on my game and want to concentrate on my career. My focus is games right now. I don't deny the fact that both our families have known each other for a long time and there's a great bonding in both the families. But rest about marriage and love relationship its all false. Truly, Saina inspires me a lot and I hope to do better and achieve more laurels for our nation in future too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318000", "title": "Govt to act tough against erring PDS sugar suppliers", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognizance of complaints of shortage of sugar sold through public distribution system (PDS) shops, the state government has directed district civil supplies officers (DCSOs) to take stringent action against the guilty persons.In many districts, due to apathy of civil supply officers and the suppliers, the district's quota gets lapsed as the entire allotted quantity is not distributed to below poverty line (BPL) consumers. The DCSOs have been asked to ensure that this does not happen in future.The civil supplies department appoints nominees for collecting sugar from factories and then distributing it to PDS shops. The government states that in case a sugar factory refuses to provide required quantity to a nominee then it should be immediately reported to civil supplies ministry through fax so that this could be brought to the notice of the central government.In case contracted amount of sugar is not available from a factory for any reason then this should be immediately brought to the notice of state sugar commissioner, Pune.The ministry has directed all DCSOs to not allow the district's sugar quota to get lapsed under any circumstances. If a person does not lift the quota of sugar then other nominees should be empowered to take the left out quantity. Nominees could be given an extension in case of genuine reasons for delay but if the district's quota lapses due to their failure to lift sugar then strict action should be taken against them as per rules.In case a sugar transporter fails to transport the contracted quantity then alternative arrangements should be made immediately, DCSOs have been told.The civil supplies department purchases sugar from factories made in different years. The DCSOs have been asked to ensure that the sugar supplied by them is made in the year which is mentioned in the sale agreement.The civil supplies department should try to distribute the monthly quota of sugar to BPL beneficiaries in the first fortnight of the month. However, if a person wants to buy it in two instalments as per his fortnightly quota then the same should be allowed, the directive says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "16332404", "title": "Koli land to see a son rise", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: Around 15 years ago when any Koli community member in Bhavnagar district faced problems, he immediately called up Parsottam Solanki, better known as 'Bhai.' But Solanki's phones have gone silent and all the calls diverted to his 22-year-old son Divyesh, who is preparing to don the mantle ahead of assembly elections.Frail health, corruption charges and stiff resistance from his own community has forced state's minister for fisheries Solanki to bring his son to salvage his political career that seems waning.Sporting dark sunglasses, this commerce undergraduate was made the president of Koli Yuva Sena, a community arm that his father floated some years ago, six months back.Divyesh has not only started aggressive people's contact in the Koli-dominated region, but is also giving speeches that seek to bring back the goodwill among people. Community leaders are also leaving no stone unturned in trying to project him as the next leader.On July 6, local newspapers were flooded with huge advertisements and hoardings came up in the city, conveying birthday wishes to Divyesh.\"I am trying to serve my community and so I am taking active part in various programmes. My father has united the community and I would like to contribute in providing education to young generations in Koli community,'' Divyesh told TOI.Interestingly, Bhavnagar is not such a familiar territory for Divyesh, who has been born and brought up in Mumbai. But, on account of his father's failing health, Divyesh is constantly taking the tour of the area to know the pulse of the people.\"Divyesh takes part in all community gatherings and immediately attends calls from people, which his father uses to do. He is the young face of Solanki family and targets to attract Koli youths,'' a close aide of Solanki said.A third-year commerce student of Baba Saheb Ambedkar Open University, Divyesh is non-committal on making a career in mainstream politics. \"I have not decided on this yet. I would like to follow my father's footsteps to serve our community members,'' he addedSources close to Solanki said that during the assembly polls due in December, Divyesh would play a significant role and his ability would be tested, which would pave for his political career.Sources said Koli votes have been split in coastal parts of Bhavnagar district, especially in Mahuva, after the protest against Nirma's cement plant led by Mahuva BJP MLA Dr Kanubhai Kalsaria. Most of the affected people around Nirma's cement plant were Kolis and they now rever Kalsaria more than Solanki.Moreover, Solanki also faces opposition from his old associates, who are now campaigning against him under the banner of 'Koli Seva Samaj'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318568", "title": "Blind murder of woman solved, lover arrested", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana Police on Saturday claimed to have solved the murder mystery of a woman, Asha, who was strangulated by her lover at Nilokheri in Karnal district.Police department said that a complaint was got registered by Mukesh Verma, a resident of Gol Market, Nilokheri regarding murder of a woman at his hatchery located in Kisan Basti, Nilokheri on July 19 last.The victim and her lover, Vikram, a resident of Baijnathpur Thana, Nawa Nagar, Buxar district, used to work in the hatchery, but Vikram had left the job a few days before committing the murder. Owner of the hatchery did not have his permanent address.Taking the matter seriously, police constituted a special team to investigate the case. During investigations, the police team found a small slip in the bag of the victim at the spot of the crime. Five to six phone numbers were written on that slip. From the call details of these numbers, police reached the brother-in-law of the accused and through him, got the address of the accused.Police conducted raids at that address and arrested the accused, who was produced in the court in Karnal on Saturday and sent on remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16316899", "title": "Joy of Giving week to take root in Delhi soon", "text": "It's that time of the year again when giving is back in season. The annual Joy of Giving Week\u2014from October 2 to 8\u2014is upon us, and people across the country are on to new ways of reaching out to society and practising goodwill. The campaign, which launched in 2009, has gained steam over the years and covered wide ground, not only in the number of people it has benefited through collective fund-raising and varied acts of charity but also in the range of volunteers it has co-opted, from CEOs to chauffeurs.Last year, The Joy of Giving Week, seven days of intensive philanthropy, accomplished the following feats: it rallied over one million volunteers to the cause of giving; spread to over 70 cities, towns, even villages; was assisted by about 1,700 schools and 250 colleges; and managed to raise over Rs 30 crore in cash and kind.Every year has bettered the last one in records set, so expectations are high for 2012. The campaign's website (www.joyofgivingweek.org) lists a range of initiatives to which volunteers have committed, along with several ideas floated by the campaign itself on what the public can individually do. One of last year's winning initiatives included an event called 'Battle of the buffet' where fine dine restaurants sponsored buffets and raised money through the sale of tickets to these spreads. Another past winner was the Design for Change Contest, which invited schoolchildren to offer their own unique solutions to local problems. That idea eventually went viral across several countries.This year's innovation is the Wish Tree\u2014a concept that already taken root across corporate offices, multiplexes, banks and hotels. The Wish Tree is quite literally a cut-out of a tree with 'wish cards' in place of foliage. The concept is built on the premise that funds desired by an NGO can be raised efficiently and by a wider base of donors if the amount is broken down into smaller parts\u2014each part accounting for one object the NGO needs. \"The whole budget of an NGO can be broken up into individual wishes,\" says the person who conceived of this idea and wishes to remain anonymous. \"NGOs usually say they need X amount of money\u2014for groceries, utility bills, consumables and so on. If this gross budget can be broken up into a per capita per day amount, everyone, even a factory worker, will be able to sponsor a 'wish'. Moreover, we wanted a concept that had mass contact, where lots of people could participate in the initiative.\"It turns out that many have already pledged their support to the Wish Tree. ICICI Bank will plant no less than 1000 of them at their various offices and branches in the country. K Ramkumar, Group Head, HR, at ICICI Bank says, \"This is a participatory programme and it's also fun, which will appeal to our young employees and customers...that's not to say the old don't want fun.\" The bank's non-executive chairman K V Kamath and Chanda Kocchar, MD and CEO, have even appeared in a promotional video for the tree, which will be circulated within the company. Ramkumar says the company has plans for virtual trees as well. \"The Wish Tree will appear on our ATM screens, enabling customers to electronically donate in denominations of Rs 100, 500 or 1,000. We will also enable donations on our internet banking website.\"It's not only those in the business of funds who have responded enthusiastically to this unique donation drive. Even the hospitality people have put their weight behind it. Ramesh Jackson, general manager of the Marriott Hotel in Hyderabad, says the group will place a tree in the lobby of each of its 15 hotels. \"The funds raised will be donated to Marriott Home, a school and residency for children with leprosy-affected family members,\" he says. \"This way, both guests and employees will be able to contribute.\"Here's how it works: An employee select a wish card that reads, say, 'Rs 50 for 5 bars of washing soap' or 'Rs 100 for a shirt'. If washing soap is something the employee wishes to sponsor, he/she can hand that card over to a volunteer who will note down the employee's ID or cellphone number, so that a sum of Rs 50 can be deducted from his/her salary at the end of the month. The employee will be given a smiley card (or Wish Fruit) to hang in place of the wish card. By the end of the Joy Of Giving Week, the tree should hopefully be laden with 'wish fruit'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16318442", "title": "Literacy Day in Patna Women\u2019s College", "text": "PATNA: Education is important for kids, but adult literacy is important too. Kids should come forward to educate their elders. This theme was beautifully presented in a skit by the students of department of education, Patna Women's College (PWC), before the students of Kanya Madhya Vidyalaya, Adalatganj, on the occasion of World Literacy Day on Saturday.A literacy awareness programme that included poster-making competition for the students of Class I to V and painting competition for the students of classes VI, VII and VIII on literacy was also held. PWC students had taught the kids various skills, including spray painting and stamp painting, to participate in the competition. The song \"School chalein hum\" was also hummed by the students to encourage the kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16320444", "title": "Sushma Swaraj is Bal Thackeray's only choice for PM from BJP", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray has said that leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj is the only leader in the ally BJP who would make a \"deserving\" Prime Minister.In part three of his marathon interview, published by Sena mouthpiece 'Saamana' on Sunday, Thackeray said: \"At present there is only one person who is intelligent, brilliant - Sushma Swaraj.\"He was responding to the question who in BJP could become the next Prime Minister.\"I have said this many times... She would be a great choice for PM's post. She is a deserving, intelligent woman. She would deliver a great performance,\" the Shiv Sena patriarch added.Thackeray also expressed dismay over senior BJP leader L K Advani's recent prediction that the next government may be formed by a non-NDA, non-UPA front.\"I find it difficult to say anything beyond (what he said). What should one expect from these people ? Why did he say so?\" Thackeray said.To a question whether the alliance between BJP and Shiv Sena was \"strong\", Thackeray said: \"Now (I) can't use the word strong. Thinking has changed, there are personal animosities, animosities between the parties. NDA of the past had a leader like Vajpayee, now there is no such leadership. But I am talking about NDA, not BJP.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16326612", "title": "Drought-hit Dasara elephants' weight loss a worry", "text": "MYSORE: Drought coupled with the neglect of forest department officials seems to have taken a toll on the health of Dasara elephants.Most elephants in the first batch have lost weight up to 300 to 500 kg. Of the seven elephants arrived in the city, at least four have become weak due to lack of sufficient fodder. Elephants coming from B R Hills and Bandipur areas have fragile health, say wild life experts from the city.Lack of rains and lantana replacing the bamboo, a major fodder crop, has made the elephants to suffer, say experts.Another factor hampering the tamed elephants' grazing habit is unlike wild elephants, they will not venture into deep forests. They are tuned to roam in a fixed territory for grazing.\"Once they return to base camps after Dasara, they are let free and never taken care of. There are no guidelines to feed the elephants after their return to camps from Mysore,\" said an official in the forest department. Though Dasara elephants at some camps are fed with paddy grass and ragi balls occasionally, they are not treated properly in all camps.OfficialtalkDCF S N Devaraju, who is in charge of Dasara elephants, denied the argument that the elephants have starved and are not healthy.\"All elephants, including Balarama, are ready to do their job. Balarama can carry the howdah anytime. We prepare and feed them for the occasion to ensure their good health. In the next 30 to 40 days, all elephants will be fed with nutritious food and this will make them gain weight between 200 and 350 kg,\" he said.Drought might have affected the fodder stocks of elephants in forests, but it does not mean that they are starving, he claimed.Devaraju said the howdah elephant in the past used to carry more than 1,000 kg, but now it is only between 750 and 800 kg.In the past, the elephant carried 750 kg of golden howdah along with then maharaja Jayachamarajendra Wadiyar and his maternal uncle or a relative. Now, the idol of goddess Chamundeshwari is only 15 kg, he points out, claiming that carrying howdah is not a big task for any elephant.Special care** While adult male elephants normally weigh between 4,000 and 5,000 kg, female elephants weigh between 3,000 and 4,000 kg.** During Dasara, elephants are fed with highly nutritious food which helps them gain 10 to 15 kg extra on a daily basis. By the time of the grand finale, the elephants will gain weight between 350 and 500 kg.** Menu of the elephants is prepared by veterinarians attending them. The diet contains jaggery balls, bananas and ragi balls.** Mahouts are the most pampered lot during Dasara along with the elephants. Officials ensure that mahouts and their assistants are in good health and are counselled not to consume liquor. They are paid ex-gratia amount for their expenditures. This apart, their family members are provided with ration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16324479", "title": "Tree Public Foundation to hold inter-school theatre art festival", "text": "PUNE: The Tree Public Foundation, a Pune based environmental NGO, will organise its third edition of inter-school theatre art festival having nature and environment as the central theme. The programme, targeted for students will be held on October 11 and 12. The grand finale will be held on October 20.The Tree Public Foundation will give an opportunity for school students to perform drama or dance on the theme of nature. The performance should be of 10-15 minutes, revolving around the theme of nature and five elements. Students of all age groups can participate in the event.The shortlisted schools performance will get an opportunity to perform at the grand finale and win certificates, prizes, trophy's for their school and also get a chance to perform on various professional platform with renowned artists. The grand finale will be judged by various known senior artists and celebrities from theatre and film industry. There is no registration or participation fees for the event. The last date for schools to confirm their participation and register is September 15, 2012. One can email: 'treepublic@gmail.com.'The tree public mission is to create a culture of respect for nature by replenishing the available land with maximum green cover. The NGO has planted 38,000 trees in and around Pune and nominated various awards for its contribution towards environment. The Foundation has also carried out several projects with number of schools in the city to change their lifestyle, and instill green ideas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317686", "title": "Eight thousand turn up for SoBo college fest on Day 2", "text": "MUMBAI: Day two at Kaleidoscope made sure that participants were left demanding for more dance, music, workshops and other activities. With the footfall touching close to 8,000 by evening, it was little surprise that the the Sophia campus was teeming with people all day.\"We had a tough time controlling the crowd. At the end of the day,The ones who left disappointed, of course, were those who reached the venue late and could not witness the live music and dance events in the auditorium, which was overflowing with people at any given point in time,\" said Lubna Amir, a member of K'Scope. Apart from dance and music events, workshops too saw a huge number of participants. \"The rappelling workshop taught students to jump down four floors of the college building and they couldn't get enough of it,\" said Simran Rana, a member from the organizing team.Meanwhile, a huge crowd also made its way to Wilson College's Adorea. An amalgamation of cultural activities and sports left ruled throughout the day, leaving participants spoilt for choice. \"Our focus is to make sure that every participant has a good time and leaves our campus only to be back here on Sunday,\" said Asad Khan, a member of the organizing team.Both the fests will end on Sunday. While Adorea has planned the final rounds of most activities on its last day, K'Scope will bring down the curtains in style.Popular rock band Indus Creed will be performing live at the Sophia College campus on Sunday evening. \"This will be the perfect end to an awesome fest,\" concluded Amir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16316831", "title": "State working on sops to push industrial growth in Maharashtra", "text": "NASHIK: To encourage industrial development and attract new entrepreneurs, the state government has proposed additional incentives in the form of subsidies on power, and interests on industrial loans, in the new industrial policy which is being finalized.The policy, whose draft is likely slated to be state government has almost finalised the draft of new industrial policy and it is likely to be announced shortly, will include special incentives for agro-industries. Around five per cent interest subsidies of around 5% will be given on bank loans taken by such agro-basedenterprises, officials have said.The policywill also include power tariff subsidies of 75paisa to Rs 1 for new industries. A subsidy of around 75 paisa to Rs 1 per unit will be given to the new industries or expansion projects of existing industries.The state government had introduced the Incentive Package Scheme in the year 2007, which included value-added tax ( VAT), octroi and power electricincentives. These will, for the industry have been reportedly, continue in the new industrial policy as well.Accordingly, around 30% to 50% per cent Value Added Tax (VAT) will be refundable for new industry or for expansion projects of small, medium and large industry. This scheme is applicable for small, medium and large industries under 'C', 'D' and D+ industry zones, while it is applicable for small industries under 'B' zone. Besides, there is 100 per cent stamp duty exemption while purchasing land in C, D and D+ zones.Additionally, Moreover,100% octroi exemption is also being outlined for new industry set up within municipal corporation jurisidctionsin the limits of municipal corporations.The Satpur and Ambad industrial areas of MIDC, which lie within limits of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), should be able to avail of such get these benefits, officials added.Speaking to TOI, Ramesh Pawar, president, Nashik District Exporters' Association (NDIEA), said, \"We had recently presented a memorandum to CM Prithviraj Chavan, urging him to announce the state's new industrial policy at the earliest. The new industrial policy of Maharashtra was expected to be introduced with effect from April 1, 2011, but that did not happen. As a result, new industrial investment in the state has been badly affected.\"In fact, the state government has already drafted the new industrial policy and it is ready. But, the government is taking too much time to announce it. It is believed that investors willing to investment in the state,invest in the state are waiting for the implementation of the new policy with its revised package of schemes and incentives to push new industrial development in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16324752", "title": "Commissioner-collector conference to discuss solutions on developmental issues", "text": "BHOPAL: Commissioner-collector conference on day two will discuss the solutions to implement development programs throughout Bhopal. Issues related to Agriculture, Urban Administration, Rural Development, Health and Skill Development Departments and Beti Bachao Abhiyan will be discussed in the meeting. chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan will apprise collectors and commissioner with priorities in concerning sectors.In the first session, discussions will be made on challenges and ways to maintain agriculture growth rate. In the second the third sessions, presentations on outstanding works undertaken in district will be made. In the fourth session, discussions will be held on urban administration and development, in the fifth session on Rural Development Department, in the sixth session of health and discussions will be held on Beti Bachao Abhiyan in the seventh session.The third day of the conference on September 10, discussions will be held on law &amp; order, public service management and innovations &amp; good governance. The same day, conference of superintendents of police and commandants will also be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318423", "title": "Workshops galore for making clay idols", "text": "NAGPUR: Keeping pace with the ecofriendly movement launched by social groups and administration, a slew of workshops are being conducted by educational, cultural and official institutions to tutor children and adults in the art of making clay Ganpati idols.In a first, Nagpur Municipal Corporation has organized a workshop from Sept 9 to 17 where 1000 kids will be taught the art of making clay Ganpatis. The activity 'Chimukla Ganpati' will be conducted by Nagpur Zilla Kaladhyapak Sangh in association with NMC and Lotus Club run by Dayashankar Tiwari who also heads the NMC standing committee.\"Children are the best medium for conveying a message. This workshop will ensure that homes of at least these children will have a clay idol,\" says Tiwari. Teaching the kids will be art teachers of NMC schools. Deepak Gaikwad, secretary of Nagpur Zilla Kaladhyapak Sangh, says, \"Clay modelling is not taught in schools anymore as it is expensive and messy. We are using the festive season to initiate the activity.\" He informs that clay will be provided to the kids and they will be taught to make a tiny idol in a week's time. \"The children will have to bring only the colouring and decoration material,\" he adds.SCZCC too will be holding a workshop from Sept 9 to 15{+ }at its premises. Muktak Kate, an expert in clay modelling, will teach participants how to prepare a clay Ganpati idol. \"This is our bid to control pollution and ensure that PoP idols are not used during festival,\" says Anita Meshram, deputy director of the Centre.Prahar Military School recently concluded its three-day workshop for making clay idols. More than 300 children from 50 schools participated. The workshops were conducted by art teachers from four schools of the city. Dhananjay Pathak, an artist and art teacher of Prahar Military School, says the stress is on using these idols and also doing immersion at home. \"Parents require a lot of convincing but the message is going out now,\" he adds.The professional murtikaars make a limited number of clay idols as they are not sure of them selling as fast as PoP ones. Awantika Chitnavis, secretary of Vidarbha Heritage Society, says the number of clay idols being sold has been increasing each year. By next year, she plans to extend the activities conducted by the Sir Ganagdharao Trust to include workshops and awareness programmes. \"This year murtikaar Sharad Ingle has made 32 idols to be sold on Sept 9{+ }{+a}{+n}{+d}{+ }10. Food colours have been used to brighten the idols and copper powder has been used for the sheen.\"She plans to engage a bigger number of sculptors next year. \"As part of ongoing project by Vidarbha Heritage Committee, efforts are on to make use of natural colours to make the idols attractive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317781", "title": "Public warms up to senior cops' station visits", "text": "MUMBAI: Police chief Satyapal Singh's innovative idea of senior police officers visiting local police stations every weekend to hear public grievances is slowly gaining momentum.Saturday, which was the second time such interactive meetings were held, witnessed an increase in number of people in attendance as compared to last week.Sources said that the number will gradually grow as the idea becomes popular among the masses. While the response was less in South Mumbai it was successful in the western suburbs and northern suburbs.All senior officers, including the four joint commissioners of police and police deputy commissioners, were busy on Saturday morning visiting the police stations assigned to them. The interactive meetings will be held regularly on Saturdays at each police station between 9.30 to 11 am.Joint commissioner Himanshu Roy said the response was tremendous.While joint commissioner (administration) Hemant Nagrale visited Matunga police station, joint commissioner (crime) Himanshu Roy met people at Marine Drive police station, joint commissioner (law and Order) Sadanand Date met people at Borivali police station and joint commissioner (traffic) Vivek Phansalkar visited Worli police station.\"The response was good. People had come up with various issues ranging from patrolling and thefts to mohalla committees in the area. After that, we had a separate meeting with senior citizens,\" Date said. TOI found that most of the citizens at Borivali police station, where Date visited, had grievances against builders. \"Builders have been trying to grab our properties. Some have installed CCTVs outside our properties to keep a watch on us,\" one of the citizens said.Joint commissioner Himanshu Roy said the response was tremendous. \"Marine Drive which has minimum instances of crime being reported saw a large turnout of people. There were all types of complaints. While one citizen stated that she was cheated by her friend using a forged signature and that bank officials too could be involved, another came up with a civil dispute insisting that it should be addressed immediately,\" said Roy. Roy also met the Marine Drive Residents' Association which complained that there was less police presence at Marine Drive, particularly on the weekends when there were many visitors.Junior police officials complained that the weekly interactive meetings should be taken on a monthly basis instead, as it was getting too taxing for them. \"The force is already short of manpower and Saturday is one day when we want to take a break. But the interactive meeting is consuming our weekend,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16322546", "title": "Sushmita Sen is the true Indian diva!", "text": "Har Yug Me Aayega Ek Arjun . Yes , lead actor Shaleen Malhotra is the new action hero on the small screen fighting crime and criminals.Shaleen, whose claim to fame was participating in youth reality show Roadies in the second season, was later also seen assisting the audition rounds in next few seasons. Given the stunts in his new weekend show, we speak to Shaleen about his fitness role models and workout schedule.Ask him about his exercise regimen and he says, \"While working out I concentrate more on exercises related to strength and endurance. I focus on strengthening muscles. I work out for one and a half hours every alternate day.\" So does he follow a fix diet? He replies, \"No. I believe people should eat what they like but should know how to burn it. Eat healthy and work it out.\"So while working out for the rough and tough look, was there a specific area which required more attention? Shaleen says, \"My abs have been a problem area because I have a tendency to put on weight easily there.\" And what would his strengths be? He replies, \"I think my biceps and legs are the strong areas in my body.\"Talking about his fitness role model, he says , \" Well, there are so many people. But to name one - Jason Statham . He has a great body. Back home it has to be Hrithik Roshan in male celebrities and Sushmita Sen in female celebrities. She is the true Indian diva.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16316948", "title": "Aching for homeland in 1st Gujarati film shot abroad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While the latest Gujarati hit film \" Kevi Rite Jaish\" brings to the fore a typical Gujarati family and their unsatiated American dreams , another movie that has the audience interest gripped is doing quite the opposite. \"Pardesh-Ek Sapanu\", directed by the well-known Gujarati television personality Vipul Vyas, is a movie that touches a different chord - the displaced Indian yearning for home. In a first for Gollywood, the movie has been extensively shot in Australia. It was also released overseas before it came to Indian cinemas this August, another first.For a Gujarati film to be released in Australia first and India later must have required sound marketing. The filmmakers added English subtitles to the reels before releasing it in Sydney and Perth and thus, the second generation NRGs found it easier to connect with the film. \"We had sold out shows in Perth and nearly 90% sold out shows in Sydney,\" says Vyas, who is also the lead actor in the film. \"We are planning to release it in Melbourne, Brisbane and Adelaide soon.\"The film cast has local talents and a few Australians too. \"All the actors have been performing with me in my stage plays for the past 14 years,\" Vyas says. \"I have been producing plays in Gujarati, Hindi and in English for the local Indian community in Australia ever since I set foot there.\" The music and other aspects of the film were coordinated between talented artistes across India and Australia.Having shot in exotic Australian locations like Bondi beach, Opera House, Darling Harbour, Anzac Bridge, Blue Mountains and Mount Tomah, Vyas concedes that the budget was considerable. \"To shoot a film outside India is an expensive exercise,\" he says. \"It was only possible because I live there and got the support of the entire Gujarati community of New South Wales.\" He also appreciates the assistance given by Gujarati Samaj of NSW and Gujarati Bhavan of Sydney.The movie that explores the ever prevalent theme of leaving home for foreign shores is even more special to the director as he has experienced it personally. \"When I migrated to Australia, a lot of Gujaratis who were there since the late 80s already knew me because of my work on Ahmedabad Doordarshan,\" he says. \"Many students came to me and said they migrated after watching films, thinking life would be wonderful. But reality hit them hard. When all of them requested me to make a movie on the hardships one faces while settling down in a foreign land, I was inspired to make \"Pardesh...\".Having spent 14 years in Australia, Vyas believes the madness of leaving India is not worth it. \"Through this film, we want to convey that while it is good to dream about settling abroad, one must prepare to sacrifice a lot. Even those looking at getting their kids married to NRIs, should be alert. Do not get swayed by the illusion,\" he says.The laurels Pardesh.. has garnered from NRGs and natives alike has been no less than a dream for the filmmaker. With the chief minister to critics lauding the film, it has opened up new avenues for Gollywood as shooting abroad will now no more pose a hurdle. \"I am now raring to share more stories from my adventurous life. This film was a token of love that I have got from people over the years,\" Vyas says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317097", "title": "Locals block road, want killers arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: 24-hours after three persons were stabbed by a jilted lover in the Tigri area of Khanpur, angry locals blocked the Badarpur Road for over 30 minutes demanding the arrest of the accused. The police have confirmed that they have identified the main accused as Neeraj Nagar. His four acquaintances, all students of class XI in different schools of Delhi, have also been identified. All the five accused are on the run.The Neb Sarai police have registered a case of murder and attempt to murder and formed several teams to nab the accused. They have also detained two men for questioning.According to the police, the main accused Neeraj had been in a one-sided-love affair with a girl studying in class XI for the past few months. The girl resides with her mother Kamla Devi - and four other sisters, two of whom are married. Kamla works in a farmhouse.\"I was afraid to go to tuitions or the school because of Neeraj. When I declined his friendship, he threatened me. On Friday evening, I was returning from tuitions with a male friend when he stopped my way and asked me what I was doing with the boy. He then beat up the boy even as I ran back home. Sometime later, he came to my house with four others and slapped me. My mother tried to intervene, but they stabbed her,\" said the girl.Cops said that hearing the shrieks, their next door neighbours, Jagat Singh (60), who was due to retire from the Air Force Mess next month, and his wife Prakasho Devi rushed in.\"Neeraj stabbed my father who died on the spot. My mother was also stabbed. I was outside my house when I heard my parents shriek. I rushed in and saw the three of them lying in a pool of blood,\" said Om Prakash, the deceased's son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16318077", "title": "Madhu Koda next in firing line?", "text": "NEW DELHI: There seems to be trouble in store for Jharkhand's former chief minister Madhu Koda, as the CBI has found that the state government gave recommendations for 13 coal blocks to private companies during his tenure, out of which the agency has found irregularities like misrepresentation of facts, net worth by the firms to which four of these blocks were allocated, while also alleging bias on part of his government.A CBI source said, \"The enquiry has revealed that three coal blocks given during Koda's regime were given to dummy companies which were formed just before the allocation. We will look into the background of these companies and their joint venture group.\"Sources said that the second set of FIRs will also be along the same lines.The agency has already registered five FIRs in the Coalgate scam.Koda and other state representatives who attended the meetings in connection with two private companies \u2014 Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd \u2014 which got the Rajhara (North) coal block and have been booked by the CBI, are already under the agency's scanner and will be questioned soon.In the FIR against the two companies, the CBI has alleged: \"They showed 15 companies in their joint venture group having net worth of Rs 86 crore and turnover of Rs 768 crore. Inquiries revealed that only six firms were in the group and their original net worth was Rs 37 crore and their turnover was only only Rs 28 crore,\" adding that the owners of Vini Iron sold the company soon after.Investigations by the agency had found that Vini Iron had been given a negative feedback by the Jharkhand government headed by Arjun Munda at that time.But during Madhu Koda's tenure, the company sold its stakes to Vijay Joshi, who was Koda's close aide, immediately after which the firm won the state's backing while also bagging the Rajhara North block.CBI believes that Vini Iron's modus operandi was followed for the other coal blocks as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "goa/vailankanni", "code": "16318758", "title": "A Journey of faith", "text": "GOA/VAILANKANNI: Seated on a foldable wheel chair clad in a red T-shirt, Philip Cabral, 67, a retired postman from Dona Paula, is carefully wheeled into Vasco Da Gama railway station in Goa. A sudden stroke has left this former postal employee confined to his wheelchair about two months back. Now, accompanied by family, Philip is all set to travel 1,267 kilometres to the coastal town of Nagapattinam on the Vasco-Vailankanni Express on a quiet Sunday morning. It's a journey of faith; the altar of the Lourdes of East is where he hopes to seek blessings to regain the lost strength in his lower limbs.\"Papa (Philip) wished to go and pray to the Holy Mother. He is under treatment but we are sure he will feel better once we reach the shrine,\" says his son, Anthony Cabral, who's accompanying his father along with five other family members.It is not just the Cabrals. Thousands of pilgrims, especially Catholics from Goa and Vasai in Maharashtra, flock to the week-long holy feast at Vailankanni between August 29 and September 8 every year. Special trains like the one carrying the Cabral family are operated from Goa and Vasai, not to mention the inter-state private bus and taxi operators who run night and day all through the 11 days of festivity and prayers at the seaside shrine.As the train leaves Vasco Da Gama, the pilgrims include Ivan Sequiera, 42, from Caranzalem, who is currently on a vacation from his job in Kuwaiti; Jesus Tadu Fernandez, 49, a tailor from Majorda and a regular at the Feast; and Lourenca Periera, 63, who plans to offer prayers for a son who works as a limousine driver in the US.\"My son Jenroe fell into an open well next to our house when he was just eight years old and suffered a head injury. He started showing signs of stunted brain growth after that. But now he is fully cured and working as a limousine driver in the United States. I owe it all to the Holy Mother at Vailankanni and make it a point to visit her shrine every year,\" says Lourenca Periera.The feast transforms the coastal town in the deep south into a melting pot of believers from Goa, Maharashtra, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka in September. The trip is one of the longest pilgrimages undertaken by Christians in the country. The footfall of pilgrims also sets the cash registers ringing, mainly in the hospitality and transportation sectors. Hundreds of private lodges and home stay facilities have sprung up between Vailankanni railway station and the holy shrine.\"We expect the crowd here to be around two lakh people this year. The season is good and number of pilgrims seems to be increasing every year. This year's feast also coincides with the 50th year of the shrine being elevated to the status of a Basilica,\" says L Pathiyaraju, president of Vailankanni Lodge Owners Association, which has about 100 lodges affiliated to it, of the more than 300 budget lodges and hotels here.Reports of a decline in the number of believers following the tsunami disaster in 2004 now seems a thing of past. Nearly 4,500 people had died in Nagapattinam district, many of them believers who were visiting the shrine when killer waves lashed the shore. \"The crowd at the shrine seems to be increasing by the day. We have been here for the past two days,\" says Rev Father Thomas EJ, St Paul's Society, Bandra, Mumbai.Apart from the common thread of faith and devotion linking Vailankanni, Goa and Vasai near Mumbai, these regions are connected by a strong Portuguese link. The original edifice of the shrine itself was built by a group of Portuguese sailors, who, according to a myth, were rescued from the stormy seas by the Holy Mother. The town's transformation into a religious centre began in the 16th century and it is widely believed that Franciscan missionaries with Portuguese patronage were sent to Nagapattinam and Vailankanni to spread the faith. Some of the early tales of the Vailankanni Matha (Mother Mary) could also be traced back to this period.According to representatives of Vasai Diocese, a large number of believers from Vasai and nearby areas make the annual pilgrimage to Vailankanni. The fact that it is an affordable pilgrimage for community members when compared to a visit to our Lady of Lourdes in France is also cited as another reason. Vasai has a population of about 1.5 lakh Catholics and 103 Catholic priests in its diocese.\"It is a matter of faith and apart from that it should also be considered that most of the people cannot afford to go to France and pray to the Holy Mother. Like the Muslim community in which believers are requested to visit the Holy Land of Mecca once in their life time. There is a similar strong belief among the Catholics here in our country to at least take the pilgrimage once in their lifetime,\" says Father Yogesh Pereira, secretary to Arch Bishop Felix Anthony Machado, Vasai Diocese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "16320394", "title": "Father of white revolution Dr Verghese Kurien dies at 90", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Father of India's White Revolution Dr Verghese Kurien passed away early on Sunday morning at a Nadiad-based hospital.Kurien, hailed as India's doodhwalla ( milkman) was hospitalized at Muljibhai Patel Urological Hospital in Nadiad last week due to ailments related to old age.He passed away at around 1.15am on Sunday.He was 90 and is survived by wife and daughter. Kurien was founder chairman of both the Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) that markets brand Amul and the National Dairy Development Board (NDDB).He transformed India from a milk-deficient country to world's largest milk producer after he kicked off 'Operation Flood'.As architect of Operation Flood \u2014 the largest dairy development program in world \u2014 he helped modernize model of co-operatives. He also served as founder chairman of the Institute of Rural Management Anand (IRMA) in Anand town where he had arrived on May 13, 1949 as a dairy engineer appointed by government to look after the operations of Government Research Creamery.Kurien who had started his life from a garage later helped founder chairman of Amul Dairy Tribhuvandas Patel who was struggling to run Amul Dairy that was set up with inspiration of Iron Man of India Sardar Patel. It was from Amul Dairy that Dr Kurien started his stint with the co-operative sector.Anand which Kurien turned into his 'home town' after serving the co-operative sector for over five decades is now reputed as milk capital of the country. Last year, milk city had celebrated Kurien's 90th birthday by organizing a mega event on November 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16317346", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon proposes 8 new flyovers to ease jams", "text": "GURGAON: Even as the work for two flyovers announced in the old city is yet begin, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has proposed eight flyovers across the city.In a fresh proposal submitted to the chief secretary of Haryana on Friday, city authorities have said that the present traffic chaos in the city can be smoothened if these flyovers are built.The places where the municipal corporation intends to build these new flyovers include Hero Honda Chowk on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway. Sources indicate that the new proposal might further complicate matters at this spot.\"Hero Honda Chowk is already entangled in a lot of controversies, with the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) wanting one thing and the Haryana government demanding another. There is still no clarity on whether an underpass should be constructed here or a flyover. Now, the proposal by the MCG to build a flyover will further add to the confusion,\" said a source.The other locations where the flyovers are proposed include Sectors 28, 43, Palm Court and HUDA City Centre Metro station, among other places.Meanwhile, during the meeting between the chief seceretary and MCG officials, the existing flyover between Rajendra Park and Daulatabad came up for discussion and the MCG officials requested the chief secretary that the state government should acquire the land near the foot of this flyover for its optimum use.\"Despite there being a flyover, there are traffic jams in this area every day due to a narrow passage at the end of the flyover. There is a lot of encroachment and we have requested the state government to acquire the nearby land so that the road can be widened,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16332356", "title": "'Contestants must fall in line after notification'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Student leaders contesting Allahabad University's student union elections but openly flouting norms laid down by the Lyngdoh committee could face the heat as the varsity authorities announce the notification for holding the elections on September 11.Despite the fact that several student leaders have been putting up campaign posters and banners in an around the campus in violation of the recommendations of the committee and the newly approved constitution of AU student elections, the varsity could not initiate action as it had not notified the said election officially.\"We would be notifying the elections on September 11, after which anyone found violating the stipulated norms would be dealt with strictly, and may be barred from contesting the elections being held for AU's 81st student union,\" said the Returning Officer of AU's student election, Prof B N Singh.The Lyngdoh Committee report has been followed in letter and spirit at the newly formed regulations for conducting student's elections at the campus, and trouble for some candidates therefore seems inevitable, added the Returning Officer.The nominations for the elections would be held on September 24 and the scrutiny of forms would be conducted on September 25. The withdrawal of names and final declaration of contestants will happen on September 26.The contestants will be given two days' time for campaigning and polling would be held on September 29. The results would be declared the same day, and the oath taking ceremony of the student union members will be held on September 30, said Prof Singh.It is pertinent to mention that according to the new regulations formulated by the AU authorities after the meeting of the Academic Council (AC), campaigning through posters, banners and hoardings after the notification is issued by the varsity authorities for conducting these elections could result in cancellation of the contestant's candidature.One of the provision mentions that no candidate shall be permitted to make use of printed posters, printed pamphlets, or any other printed material for the purpose of canvassing votes.Candidates may only utilise hand-made posters, provided such posters are procured within the expenditure limit set out.The places for putting up the posters would also be notified in advance by the election commission or university authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nasik", "code": "16316869", "title": "The MNS flip-flop over privatizing civic affairs", "text": "NASIK: The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) tasted power for the first time when it wrested power from the Shiv Sena-BJP controlled Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) in February this year. In the process, the MNS, which had emerged as the single-largest party in the House following the fragmented mandate in the civic polls, managed to get the support of the BJP, which ditched its oldest state ally in the state- the Shiv Sena . - for being in power.During the polls' campaign, MNS leaders had the privilege of criticizing all major parties like the Congress, the NCP, the Sena and the BJP, as these parties have been in power in local bodies, in the state and the Centre in the past. Being a new party, the MNS could afford to project itself as an yet untried and untested political entity that could change the things for the better for the common citizen. Boisterous leaders of the MNs, including its chief Raj Thackeray , masqueraded as the messiahs of the masses and managed to get the mandate, albeit short of a simple majority.Six months later, with the MNS at the helm of affairs, though it failed to grab the post of the president of the standing committee of the NMC, there has been a flip- flop on vital civic issues.For instance, the party MNS cried hoarse against privatization of civic affairs and refused to renew the contract of the private party appointed to collect octroi on behalf of the NMC. The octroi collection had been privatised about two years ago by the Sena-BJP alliance that was in power till the MNS took over. However, subsequent bewilderment has revealed that the aversion towards privatization was not on principle. The NMC has now decided to privatize the Dadasaheb Phalke memorial as well as and the planetarium.There are also indications that the civic body may privatize the compost plant set up under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.Apart from the flip-flop on the issue of privatization, the MNS seems to have been caught in a bind over the issue of removal of water hyacinth from the Godavari. While the NMC was toying with the idea of procuring a machine to clear the hyacinth, standing committee chairman and Congressman Uddhav Nimse asked the civic staff to clear it.It is another matter that the release of untreated sewage by the NMC into the Godavari is responsible for the river's pollution and the consequent proliferation of the thereby providing nutrition for the growth of the water hyacinth.A new sewage treatment plant planned upstream at Gangapur has been embroiled in a controversy over land acquisition that impacted the position of has taken the toll of the previous municipal commissioner B D Sanap. Sanap was shifted after he allegedly defied government orders and chose to move a proposal to grant transfer of development rights to the land's owner.The only thing the MNS did promptly after coming to power was reversing the decision over privatization of octroi and the insurance of students of municipal schools (which were decisions of the previous Sena-BJP regime). For the past several months, MNS leaders, including its mayor Yatin Wagh, have been trying to wriggle out of their responsibilities by justifying the inertia in the civic body on the pretext of the election code of conduct for the recently-concluded MLC polls.Even in case of MNS chief Raj Thackeray's pet project, 'Goda Park', along the river, civic leaders who had blamed the previous Sena-BJP alliance for neglecting it, have not been able to show any visible improvement in this regard on this in e ground.Raj Thackeray, who had, during the poll campaign, assured citizens that he would be the guardian of the city and visit it regularly to see that MNS corporators were on their toes, is yet to keep his promise. Like a seasoned politician of an established party in power, he repeated his earlier promises during his visit the city on August 13.While the MNS is yet to come to terms with its responsibilities as the ruling party in Nashik's municipal limits and grapples with the intricacies of power politics, it is emerging as a perennially perplexed political entity which takes one step forward and two backwards.The policy on privatization is a case in point. TheCivic leaders led by Wagh reveal a laidback, nonchalant attitude that is highly unbecoming of a political party that has come to power for the first time since it was formed and lacks the required enthusiasm to show it is different from others whom it always demonizes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "16318462", "title": "One held for teasing girls in Nalanda", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: The police on Friday arrested a person for harassing girls after several girls accompanied by their parents and elders from Uknawan village under Deepnagar police station area in Nalanda district met SP Nishant Kumar Tiwari the same day and complained of harassment by boys of a neighbouring village __ Umedpur __ when they to schools or college in Biharsharif or while returning. They said that certain boys passed indecent comments against them and accused the police of inaction.Taking the complaint of the girls seriously, the police arrested one, Bipin Kumar, from Umedpur village hours after the girls complained of being harassed. Sadar SDPO Shams Afroz said the police arrested one of the accused while two accused __ Gautam and Anand __ escaped from the village.On September 6 evening, one Chandra Prakash of Uknawan village under Deepnagar PS lodged an FIR with the same PS accusing Bipin Kumar, Gautam Kumar, Amit Kumar and others of Umedpur of harassing girls of his village.It is learnt that one of the girls informed her parents of being harassed by certain boys of the neighbouring village while returning home from coaching class on September 6. Her brother, the complainant, along with certain boys of his village, fought with the goons and got thrashed.The SP said that the girls who complained of police inaction never went to police with any complaint. It was the first incident reported to the police and quick action was taken to instill confidence in the girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16321143", "title": "Deraje award for eminent yakshagana bhagawatha Nebburu Narayana", "text": "MANGALORE: Deraje Memorial Committee has selected leading Yakshagana bhagawath artist Nebburu Narayana for the Deraje award this year.Known for his traditional style of rendition of Yakshagana songs in a career spanning five decades, Nebburu, the chief bhagwath of Idagunji mela, is credited with explaining mythological episodes in his own lucid style backed by mellifluous voice. His unique sense gives a nice twist to onstage performance of the yakshagana artists who respond to the 'bhagawathike'.The award will be conferred at a function organized by Kalkura Foundation, Ranga Balaga Samskruthika Vedike, Kota, Deraje Seetharamaiah Samskruthika Prathistana, Chokkady and Kota-Saligrama Rotary Club to be held at Sri Handhe Maha Ganapathy Vishnu Murthy temple, Kota on September 15.Kolyuru Ramachandra Rao, Ambathanaya Mudradi, KP Hegde and others will present yakshagana talamaddale Mohini Rukmangada on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317723", "title": "Two teens drown in the pit", "text": "MUMBAI: In separate incidents, two teenage boys who went for a swim drowned. Alam Khan (17), who was staying in Vasai (E), drowned in a pond on Thursday. His body was found in the pit on Friday. The families of the boys had lodged missing complaints with the police.In the first case, Alam Khan (17) was reported missing from his Rajivali village home in Vasai (east) since Thursday evening. His body was found floating in a rain water filled pit in the locality on Friday. According to the police, Khan originally from Madhya Pradesh , had come down to stay with his relatives a few months ago. On Thursday he stepped out of the house without informing his relatives. When he did not return by evening, the family lodged a missing complaint.After his body was found in the pit on Friday, the police found that Khan and two of his friends from the locality had gone for a swim in the pit filled with water. Khan got into the water despite not knowing how to swim. As Khan began drowning his teenage friends panicked and got out of the water. They fled from the spot and returned to their homes. They did not mention about the drowning incident to anyone.In the second case, the body of Crystal Dabre (16), a resident of Nalasopara (W), was found floating in a well. His clothes were lying nearby indicating that he may have got into the well and drowned.In both cases, families had filed missing complaints.In another case, 16-year-old Crystal Dabre, a resident of Nanbhat village in Nalasopara (west) was missing from Friday afternoon. By late evening his family reported his missing to the police. His body was found floating in a nearby well. His clothes were lying near the well indicating that Dabre may have got into the well for a swim and drowned. Both the bodies have been sent for post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16318102", "title": "\u2018Gandhi had artistic dimension\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Mahatma Gandhi has been much misunderstood as having been a person obsessed with the Independence movement who did not appreciate art, one of his last surviving associates Narayan Desai has said. The apostle of truth and non-violence was misunderstood largely because he set his own norms, Desai said speaking on \"Mahatma Gandhi and the Arts\" at an event organised by the Kalakshetra Foundation, jointly with Aseema Trust on Saturday.The way Gandhiji wanted to fight his adversaries was also artistic as often he would strive to understand their point of view by listening scrupulously to them before venturing into countering them, said 88-year-old Narayan, an associate of Vinoba Bhave and Jayaprakash Narayan.\"Truth came naturally to Gandhiji and the search for it was an artistic process for him which led him to find harmony within himself, the family, the outside world and nature whom he associated with the creator thereby fulfilling his spiritual calling,\" Narayan, son of Mahadev Desai, secretary to the Mahatma, said. Gandhiji said he had to cultivate 'ahimsa' while 'truth' came naturally to him. He was also known to chide his disciples in his ashram for not reciting the Bhagvad Gita in tune as otherwise he found it discordant.Narayan, who is the Chancellor of the Gujarat Vidyapeeth, said the comprehensive personality of Gandhiji affected his vision of Art and the Mahatma believed that life itself is a kalakshetra, an arena bigger than a theatre. \"Gandhiji like an artist lost himself while spinning on his \"charkha\" or watching a painting of the crucifixion in a chapel at the Vatian in Rome,\" said Narayan recalling accounts given by his father and another associate of Gandhiji, Mirabehn. \"Often while spinning the charkha, he would be unaware of people standing around him as he was talking to himself and listening to his inner voice,\" Narayan said. After his release from the Aga Khan Palace, Gandhiji camped in Bombay where he spent several days just listening to healing music.Recalling the episode of Rabindranath Tagore preparing a guestroom for Gandhiji at Santiniketan, Narayan narrated how Mahatma had preferred to camp in the terrace saying, \"I want to gaze out at the starry heavens in unending symphony of beauty.\" Subbu Arumugam, a maestro of Villu-ppaatu, a Tamil performing art, regaled the audience with songs accompanied by anecdotes on ahimsa, non-violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16312236", "title": "How Twitter can help you find a new job", "text": "NEW YORK: If you're looking for a new job, you might want to consider using Twitter along with more traditional search tools to market yourself, find open positions, get career advice and network, it has been revealed.You can begin by highlighting your skills in your Twitter bio, career experts advise, the New York Post reported.According to reCareered.com President Phil Rosenberg, if you're currently employed and secretly looking for a new job you can create an additional Twitter profile for job-seeking purposes.Use keywords as you detail your credentials in your bio, so that recruiters and hiring managers can find you, and include a link to an online resume and your e-mail address.Northwestern University's Career Services website also suggests creating a \"Twesume,\" or a condensed resume of just 140 characters that you can tweet or use as your Twitter bio.You can also use the background of your Twitter page to showcase your skills, if you work in a creative industry.You can search using hashtags to find openings or advice.According to career experts and our own research, the most effective hashtags for job search are #jobs, #hiring, #jobhunt, #jobsearch, #jobtips, #jobopening, #career and #resume, which you can also attach to your own tweets to help recruiters and hiring managers find you.Searching using a combination of #jobs and a hashtag specifying the industry or location you'd like to work in is also useful, according to Diane Crompton, the co-author of \"Find a Job Through Social Networking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317226", "title": "India may not take up case of \u2018tip\u2019 to IAF pilots with China", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian defence establishment does not want to create a diplomatic issue over the unusual move by visiting Chinese defence minister General Liang Guanglie to gift Rs 1 lakh to two Indian Air Force pilots who flew him from Mumbai to Delhi on Monday, according to sources. Other than this hiccup, General Liang's visit was a great success, they said.The ministry of defence (MoD) sees the Chinese gift to the IAF pilots as \"non-appreciation of Indian traditions\", and has informed the ministry of external affairs (MEA) about it, a senior official said. \"We have informed the MEA as it is the nodal ministry of diplomatic issues. However, we have neither sought any action nor have we suggested to the MEA to lodge a protest over it,\" he said.On Monday, IAF's communication squadron had sent its VIP aircraft to Mumbai to bring the Chinese delegation to New Delhi. On reaching here, the two pilots, who flew General Liang, were handed over envelopes, containing Rs 50,000 each. The pilots informed the air headquarters, which, in turn, told the MoD about the unusual gift. \"It should not have been given. They did not, perhaps, appreciate our traditions and sensitivities about such a gift,\" the official said.However, the overall visit was \"extremely positive\" and there was no effort from the Chinese side to \"cloud\" the meeting with any of the negative issues, he said. \"Their posture was very positive,\" a senior source said.He pointed out that though both the sides discussed the entire gambit of security issues, including border management, South Asian security and South China Sea, \"the entire discussion was very good.\" General Liang invited his Indian counterpart A K Antony to China, and also told the Indian side that the bilateral military exercises that have not taken place for two years must be resumed at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16317166", "title": "Sibal slams BJP for spreading untruth on Coalgate, quota row", "text": "LUCKNOW: Launching a bitter invective against the opposition for attempting to \"murder the democratic system\", Union human resource development minister Kapil Sibal on Saturday said that people who had black hearts and minds should not talk about coal allocation.Addressing a press conference in the UP Congress Committee office, Sibal rebutted allegations made by the Bharatiya Janata Party saying only state governments were authorised, under the Mines and Mineral Regulation Act, to allot mining leases. \"The BJP is clearly out to spread untruth. If there is anyone who should be resigning from their posts, it should be chief ministers of the states that issued those mining leases. The Centre had no control over the issue.\"Sibal also alleged that coal mines were given out on lease to Naveen Jindal on the recommendation of then Orissa chief minister Naveen Patnaik , who demanded, in June 2002, the intervention of the then minister of state for coal and mines, Ravi Shankar Prasad, for allotting the Utkal B-1 coal block in favour of Jindal Steel and Power Limited. The Congress leader also rubbished BJP's claim of a loss of 1.85 lakh crore to the government exchequer saying this was nothing but the BJP's attempt to malign the Centre's image and create confusion among the minds of the people. \"Their attempt to block the parliamentary process is nothing short of a fascist act. Cancelling coal blocks allotments will have a ripple effect on the country's economic and industrial development. These are important issues that can be sorted out through a debate in Parliament.\"Sibal also refuted charges that the UPA had forced the issue of reservation in promotions on the country. \"Once again, I would like to clarify that the BJP is spreading untruth. Through the constitutional amendment, we have simply enabled the state government to decide and introduce the class of posts in which reservations may be considered. The decision to implement the decision remains with the state government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16317330", "title": "Red-letter day for Vizag airport", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The first flight from Visakhapatnam to land on international soil would happen on September 28. The Silk Air flight to Singapore would take off at 10.55 pm from Visakhapatnam airport and land in Singapore at 5.45 am local time. The flight from Vizag to Singapore would take roughly 4 hours and would knock off the extra 40 minutes it would take from Hyderabad.According to the VATA (Visakhapatnam air travellers association) executive board, tickets for the inaugural flight would be made available from next week and the official announcement too would be made at the same time.Sources observed that the direct connectivity to Singapore would throw open the doors to businessmen, exporters and entrepreneurs, looking to make their presence felt in South-East Asia apart from making travel easy for those natives of coastal Andhra Pradesh working in the South-East Asian region. The air travellers association also made clear that they were also doing their best to get air connectivity to Thailand .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16322160", "title": "Celebs at a devotional album launch", "text": "A devotional album , Ganaraj Adhiraj 2012 was launched by\u00a0Shankar Mahadevan, Hariharan, Ehsaan Noorani, Salim Merchant, Vijay Prakash, Loy Mendonsa, Akriti Kakar, Nandini Srikar, Alyssa Mendonsa, Siddharth Mahadevan, Shivam Mahadevan at Dadar.The MD of EMI music, T Suresh were also present during the launch. It is a double CD album with 15 songs dedicated to Lord Ganesha. The album also features the\u00a0Authentic Ganesh Aartiperformed by the\u00a0Lalbaugchaa Raajaa Parichay Sai Bhajan Mandal. \u00a0 100's of devotees of Lord Ganesh and music lovers were present during the live performance and the Album Launch of Ganaraj Adhiraj. With Ganaraj Adhiraj 2012, EMI Music India has pushed the concept to the next level with an awe-inspiring\u00a0SPIRITUAL\u00a0sound that's Grand, Modern and Fresh! \u00a0 One of the most important features of this album is the participation of prolific singers from the music industry, like Shankar\u00a0Mahadevan, Hariharan, Ehsaan Noorani, Salim Merchant, Vijay Prakash, Loy Mendonsa, Akriti Kakar, Nandini Srikar, Alyssa Mendonsa, Siddharth Mahadevan, Shivam Mahadevan\u00a0and many more! \u00a0 Singer, Shankar Mahadevan introducing the album says,\u00a0\"In our careers we meet very few people who shock you with their talent! Gulraj Singh is one of them. God has gifted him with immense talent and an equally beautiful personality. This album is the most unique Ganesha album I have ever heard which is youthful and devotional. Funky grooves, absolutely modern arrangements, alternative approach with absolutely beautiful melodies is what I can describe this album in short. I am truly proud of this album and both my kids Siddharth and Shivam have sung with me in this album. It is close to our heart\". \u00a0 Salim Merchant, quips,\u00a0\"Gulraj is a very soulful musician; his compositions have a unique combination of technology and musical virtuosity. His orchestrations and changes touch me in a very deep way. I call him \"Gulu cool\" (which he doesn't know) he's definitely the next big thing! And he should sing more!!\" \u00a0 Managing Director of EMI Music, T. Suresh says, \"The process of deification has many stages. From Manav (human being) you elevate a personality to the status of Mahamanav; then to the Avatar (reincarnation) and ultimately to the pedestal as Paramtatva. The Album is a musical journey which touches upon values, knowledge and care. Every song in the album has a variety of devotional patterns which touches the soul.\u00a0\u00a0As an organization we believe in the potential of original new non-film music, a genre in itself. We hope to reach out to\u00a0millions of people in the World through Ganaraj Adhiraj\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16316357", "title": "Akhil Khushlani qualifies in fifth place", "text": "NEW DELHI: After almost a year off the racing track, promising talent Akhil Khushlani did well to finish in fifth place at the historic Silverstone Grand Prix Circuit for JK Racing Asia Series Round 9.He finished a second behind Malaysian driver Afiq Ikhwan, who claimed pole. The US Formula Project driver was promoted up a grid after Malaysian Irfan Ilyas was given a two-grid demotion for an infringement.Speaking about the experience, Akhil said, \"It's a very nice circuit, it's very fast and physical and I think every driver enjoys it, so do I. You don't really get this weather in the UK so we are really lucky this weekend with 25 degrees and sunshine the whole day, so we'll try to make full use of it\".He is enjoying his return to racing. \"It's been one year, I am lucky I coped well with it and I really do like this track. I am actually quite happy with my result as I did not manage the practice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318736", "title": "Big plans to pamper grandparents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Whenever 8-year-old Rahul's mother shouts at him, he turns to his grandmother, who comes to his rescue, despite his pranks. As for Madhavi, 6, she escapes being scolded despite her tantrums, as her grandfather does not let her parents scold her. While Rahul and Madhavi have grandparents, who pamper and dote on them, there are others who have their confidants in their grandparents. On the occasion of Grandparents' Day on Sunday, TOI gets talking to youngsters who feel blessed to have loving grandparents.While some have plans of pampering their grandparents by getting them gifts and cards, others would be cooking special meals for their \"dada\" and \"dadi.\" \"This time I will be give a surprise party to my grandparents at home. I'll cook their favourite dishes and even invite their friends over for lunch,\" said Shikha Negi, school student, who is a resident of Sector 23.Shefali Chauhan, a student of MCM DAV College, who is a resident of Sector 19, smiled, \"I have bought a mug for my granny with a picture of her and me printed on it.\"\"I will be visiting my grandparents and would gift them a bouquet of flowers along with some cards I have made for them,\" said Rhonit Handa, an SD College student, who lives in Sector 32.Many youngsters draw comfort from talking to their grandparents, who are their confidants and feel their life would be incomplete without them. Masoom Juneja, a student of DAV College, Sector 10, who lives in Sector 43 will be spending his day with them. He said, \"I often take advice from my grandparents, since they have seen and faced the real world,\" while adding, \"I reveal my secrets and share problems with them. I will not be going out with friends and instead stay home and be with my granny.\"\"For me my grandparents are my world. They are always there when I need them,\" said Naveen Sharma, a resident of Sector 8. \"I will bake an egg-less cake for my \"dadu\" as he loves it. I will take him with me on a picnic along with my friends,\" chirped Soumaya Bansal, collegiate, who lives in Sector 34.St Soldier School celebrates Grandparents DayStudents and staff of St Soldier School, Mohali, on Saturday celebrated Grandparents Day with great fervor. Headmistress Amrit Kalsi welcomed the gathering in her welcome speech. Grandparents were entertained to their hearts content while they participated in different games organized for them. Winners were given away prizes.Toddlers of KG shared some memorable moments with their grandparents emphasizing the special place they have their children's hearts through a thought-provoking skit and melodious song \"Grandma, Grandpa, We love you\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321407", "title": "A knockout love story", "text": "Today, boxer Mary Kom is an Olympic bronze medallist and five-time world champion. But for Onler Kom, her husband, she was too good to be true even 11 years ago when he met her. He tells Sugandha Indulkar why...She is too good to be true,\" says Onler Kom, without much of a preamble. He met Mary 11 years ago and was mesmerised by her innocence and kindness. It didn't take long for him to go down on his knees and ask her to marry him. There was a larger good behind his resolve though: he would become Mary's friend, philosopher, guide and mentor in her pursuit towards further glory. It yielded results at the London Olympics, fetching her a bronze medal despite fighting in a higher weight category, and against taller and stronger opponents. By the time they got married, in 2005, she was a two-time world champion. Three more were to come her way. Today, as she becomes a real icon and the entire nation revels in her Olympic medal, Onler is only proud that he stood by her. He has no qualms at all that he took the back seat, happy that he pushed her towards excellence, success and finally laurels. \"Mary is as gentle as an angel. She is a loving wife and now a doting mother,\" he says, blushing gently, and revealing his true love for her. \"She has been a giver all her life, and is very good at heart. I find it very easy to love her,\" he adds.A mighty heartGoing back to the time when he saw her for the first time in Delhi, looking like a lost soul who did not have a clue how to realise her dreams (she had lost her bag with all her belongings after coming to Delhi from Manipur back in 2001), Onler says Mary's helplessness instinctively brought out the protector in him. He was after all almost a decade older than her. It was easy for him to forget his dreams of being a footballer and becoming Mary's manager, mentor and protector.\"When I first met her in Delhi in 2001, I was working for the Kom community congregation. We travelled together for various sports meets. She needed support for many things \u2014 right from bookings, visa to documentation work. I used to help her out, in many other ways too. Later, I started wondering 'why am I doing this for this girl?' It was only then that I realised that deep within I truly cared for her,\" Onler recollects. \"It's not her beauty or her achievements that had attracted me to her. It has always been her nature.\" Her gentle predisposition combined with her quiet grit fascinated him, melted his heart and made him respect her all at the same time.Explains Mary, \"The challenges get bigger each day. After marriage, many people thought I would give up my boxing career. But Onler had faith in me. He said I could make it to the top,\" she says.In our patriarchal world, where stories like these are uncommon, Onler and Mary's love story may seem like a fairy tale; but in the northeast, the manwoman equation is not lopsided. \"In Manipur, women and men are treated at par, there's nothing a man does that a woman cannot do,\" explains Mary.Pork curry, rice and jammingThis gender equality comes from the hard work that each one in the family has to put in every day of their life. Working in fields and doing household chores are routine for Mary. So, the international boxer cooks, cleans and looks after her twins just as keenly as she throws her opponent off-balance with a flurry of punches.Mother to twin sons aged five, the 29-year-old boxer from Manipur is all praise and admiration for Onler. \"When he knows something is important for me and my career, he will go to any extent to fulfill it even if he is going through a tough time himself,\" she explains.When at home, apart from cooking pork curry and rice, Mary and her family's favourite dish, the couple strum the strings of the guitar and sing to one another, even as Mary says, \"I'm not a good singer, but my mother would tell you that I love to sing for whoever cares to listen. I love to play the guitar with Onler when at home,\" she says. Onler listens to her songs and keeps her company by singing himself. He knows the value of time spent together as a family. He also knows his wife is made for greater glory, and happily takes care of home and children when she's out throwing punches \u2014 against her opponents and against the world. In 2005, soon after her wedding, Onler's father was gunned down by a group of men in his village. Shaken by the incident, Mary almost decided to throw in her gloves. But Onler didn't let her do it. He wept silently, held his wife's hands, and prayed for her well-being and success. \"Onler has immense forbearance and has been through very difficult times. He has handled various challenges, mental, physical and domestic like the kids' illnesses (including her younger son's heart surgery) all by himself. I was away on tournaments and I knew I had to do my best, because he too was waging a lone battle against many odds,\" Mary reveals.Today, Mary has not won alone. Onler and she have achieved glory together, and are role models for children across the country. Finally, after the Olympic medal, Onler thinks they can put up their feet and relax a bit. \"We haven't gone on a holiday for long. I think we need to plan a vacation with our kids.\"They both deserve it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16319069", "title": "Secret of Jindal\u2019s success: Cheap coal, costly power", "text": "NEW DELHI: As recent revelations have shown, many gained from coal blocks by selling stakes in their companies. But a few gained by simply making and selling power at high prices.A case in point is Jindal Power Limited (JPL), a subsidiary of Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL), owned by Congress MP Naveen Jindal.Its coal-fired power project in Chhattisgarh's Raigarh district is the first ever project in India to operate on a 'merchant power' basis. This means that unlike other projects bound by tariffs fixed through long-term power purchase agreements (PPAs) with state governments, JPL is free to sell power at spot rates to any buyer in the market.The company's 1000MW plant turned fully operational in 2008. Over the next year, it sold power at an average price of more than Rs 6 per unit. By 2010, the high returns had not only covered its running costs but also investments of Rs 4,338 crore. According to infrastructure experts, it takes a minimum of 5-7 years to repay debt incurred for capital investment in power projects.However, that's not the case with this project. A July 2011 report by the research firm Motilal Oswal notes, \"Jindal Power has become debt-free within two years of operation due to strong cash flows on account of low cost.\" A big component of the low cost was cheap coal obtained from its captive coal mine just 10km away \u2014 Gare Palma IV/2 and IV/3 with combined reserves of 246 million tonnes of coal. Jindal case deflates govt's 'low-cost power' defenceThe coal blocks allotted to Jindal Power Limited (JPL) in 1998, during the NDA regime, were followed by a slew of allocations under the UPA, which have culminated in making the Jindal Group the largest beneficiary of coal block allocations. It has reserves of 2,580 million tonnes of coal, while the second largest beneficiary in the private sector has just 1,500 million tonnes.Emailed queries to Jindal Power went unanswered.\"The problem is not that the company got access to massive reserves of coal. The issue is that it uses cheap coal to sell power at prices much higher than the others,\" says Sudeip Srivastava, an activist based in Chhattisgarh who has closely tracked the performance of the state's power projects and has obtained documents which show that JPL sold 22 million units of power last October for a price as high as Rs 5.47 per unit.TOI did a comparative analysis of three power projects in north Chhattisgarh \u2014 Sipat project of public sector firm NTPC, Amarkantak project of Lanco group and JPL's Raigarh project. The three projects came into existence around the same time. Lanco and JPL have similar sized units while NTPC's units are larger.But the big difference, said officials in NTPC, is the cost of coal. Lanco Amarkantak and NTPC Sipat buy coal from South Eastern Coalfields, a subsidiary of Coal India. JPL mines its own coal. NTPC's average fuel cost last year came to Rs 1,200 per tonne while Lanco's cost worked out to an average of Rs 1,020 per tonne.Jindal officials refused to share the company's coal cost figures. But sources in Chhattisgarh's mining industry said JPL's cost could not exceed Rs 300-400 per tonne as it extracts coal from an open cast mine for which it had bought land at low prices. Taking an even broader estimate of Rs 500 per tonne of coal, based on Coal India's current margins, would still leave JPL with half the coal cost of its competitors.Cheaper coal should ideally translate into lower power prices \u2014 at least this has been the coal ministry and UPA's key defence. They have argued that coal blocks were given for free to private companies to keep power tariffs low.But despite having the cheapest coal, Jindal sold power at the highest prices \u2014 Rs 3.85 per unit in 2011-2012, compared to Lanco's Rs 3.67 and NTPC's Rs 2.20. The previous year, JPL had sold power at an even higher rate of Rs 4.30 per unit. The combination of cheap coal and high power prices explains why Jindal posted Rs 1,765 crore as profits, or 60% of its income, while Lanco made a profit of just Rs 155 crore, just 12% of its income.In fact, attracted by the merchant power rates, Lanco Amarkantak reneged on its long-term agreement with state power companies. But it was punished. This year, Coal India stopped supply to Lanco's plant for 35 days on the grounds that only those with long-term PPAs with state power distribution companies were eligible for coal at discounted rates. Those who did not have long-term contracts with fixed tariffs would have to buy expensive coal from auctions.The directive had originated from the power ministry. Issued on June 15, after 'Coalgate' revelations had forced the government into face-saving measures, it said the move was aimed at ensuring that \"the benefits of coal prices at (Coal India's) notified rates was passed on to consumers\".But what about the companies that do not depend on Coal India and have even cheaper supplies of coal from captive coal mines? \"Regulators must step in and reopen contracts and force those with captive blocks to sign long-term pacts with state distribution companies,\" said Vinayak Chatterjee, chairman of CII's National Task Force on Regulatory Framework in Infrastructure. \"What we saw in the last few years was a policy aberration which must be corrected. Those with far lesser costs must not be allowed to leverage it in the merchant power market,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16317094", "title": "Opportunity the church never took", "text": "KOLKATA: As the White House struggles to accommodate faith-based organizations in the race to the 2012 US presidential polls on issues like birth control that has been a taboo for all these years, Robert Blair Kaiser, 82, one of the last living persons who was an unusual participant-observer at the Second Vatican Council or Vatican II in the 1960s will be here in Kolkata on September 13 to narrate that the Council was amenable to changes in world view even on birth control to make the church 'up to date'.\"Pope Paul VI had put his blessing on the work of John XXIII's birth control commission but pulled back when advisers warned him that if he accepted its conclusions - that a couple can and should make love, even when they have good reasons not to make a baby - he would lose his moral authority. Paul VI took the Curia's advice - and lost his moral authority,\" Kaiser says, with sarcasm.Paul VI's successors John Paul II and Benedict XVI , too, did not abide by the recommendations that emerged from the Council. \"Vatican II proclaimed that Christ had to have an African face in Africa and an Asian face in Asia. John Paul II didn't get it. He frowned at efforts in Africa to create an encultured African Church in Africa. In a dozen trips during his papacy, he wasn't promoting the face of an African Jesus so much as he was selling Africans a commodity - papal celebrity: The Pope as hero, the Pope as God,\" he says.A strong advocate of making the papal order relevant to modern times, Kaiser has been rallying for the need for change in the Roman Catholic Church for nearly four decades. A Jesuit-turned-journalist, he had covered Vatican II for Time Magazine. He will be in India from September 13 to October 4, addressing congregations in Kolkata, Krishnagar, Barrackpore, Shillong , Pune, Mumbai and Delhi.\"Vatican II set the Church on a course of renewal that has barely begun. It is the most important event in the Church's long history. But it is also a reflection of a historic opportunity lost on a Church bent on preserving its dysfunctional hierarchical system,\" says Kaiser.Father Gaston Roberge has invited Kaiser for a talk at St Xavier's College. \"Kaiser is one of the last living persons who was close to the Council. He is one of the best informed about what the Council fathers discussed and meant to tell the world. In a view that is shared by millions of Catholics, the Roman Catholic Church was on the cusp of a historic change 50 years ago. Pope John XXIII opened the Second Vatican Council, popularly referred to as Vatican II, to discuss ways for the church to have a greater connect with the billion-plus Catholics. Unfortunately, the Church failed to seize on the opportunity and in order to retain absolute control, they did everything they could to make the Church less human and more severe; more a Church of laws than a Church of love, more Roman and less Catholic,\" says Father Gaston.However, the papal order in the last five decades could not come out of its rigid structure and shake hands with reality. \"Pope John XXIII wanted to make the Church more human. He had a favourite word to describe the process: 'aggiornamento' meaning to 'bring up to date'. It was a pretty bold word for the Pope to use in Rome where nothing ever changed. The top cardinal in Rome, Alfredo Ottaviani, the pro-prefect of the Holy Office of the Inquisition, could not conceive of any of the changes and he did almost everything he could to put roadblocks in the way of Council's major change-projects. The Church is for many an inexorable machine, functioning for the preservation of itself and to the greater glory of the status quo,\" says Kaiser.As usual, the bishops toed the Pope's line, they were more Roman than Catholic and did what John Paul told them to do: They silenced independent voices in the Church, tried to make women who felt they had priestly vocations into heretics, and used the threat of excommunication to intimidate Americans in political life. And they drove people out of the Church. Some 80% American Catholics no longer attend Mass regularly. \"The only way forward for the Church is to embrace the people instead of power. That is what the Council had ordained half a century ago,\" adds Kaiser.The First Vatican Council was convoked by Pope Pius IX and held in 1869-70. Unlike the five earlier General Councils held in Rome which met in the Lateran Basilica and are known as Lateran Councils, it met in the Vatican Basilica, hence its name. The most important decision taken at Vatican I was the definition of papal infallibility. The proceedings were cut short when the Italian Army entered the city of Rome at the end of Italian unification. As a result, only deliberations on the role of the Papacy and the congruent relationship of faith and reason were completed, with examination of pastoral issues concerning the direction of the Church left unaddressed.The Second Vatican Council addressed relations between the Roman Catholic Church and the modern world. It was the second to be held at St Peter's Basilica in the Vatican. It opened under Pope John XXIII in October 1962 and closed under Pope Paul VI in December 1965. Pope John XXIII called the council to discuss the tremendous challenges that world's bishops confronted in the midst of political, social, economic and technological change. In discussions before Vatican II convened, Pope John often said it was time to open the windows of the Church to let in fresh air. He invited Christians outside the Catholic Church to send observers to the Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16332520", "title": "Bokaro hospitals make merry sans fire safety measures", "text": "BOKARO: Private nursing homes and hospitals in Bokaro are running at god's mercy. Reason: except two of the 109 such health facilities in the district, none of them have no objection certificates (NOC) from the state fire service department.The fire tragedy at the ICU of K M Memorial Hospital, the second biggest 120-bedded hospital in town, has exposed lack of installation of sufficient number of fire extinguishers in its wards and corridors and also non-implementation of the fire safety measures.However, following the fire incident that cost three patients, director of the hospital Vikas Pandey said on Saturday that he had applied for an NOC but the fire department was delaying in issuing it. \"We are following all the safety measures,\" he claimed.The tragedy also exposed that the hospital employees were ignorant about using fire extinguishers, cylinders and fire fighting exercises. \"The staff and nurses during the rescue operation brought two fire extinguishers at the ICU. But after making repeated attempts, they failed to operate it and then gave it up,\" said Janardan Rai, a witness and attendant of a patient.However, if such a fire had occurred in any other private hospitals and nursing homes, which have mushroomed largely in the town in the past one decade, the situation would have been the same since none of them are serious about fire fighting exercises.In-charge of the district fire department Ganga Khalko said they had sent letters to all the hospitals and nursing homes in the district asking them to take NOC from the department, but except two, none of them had obtained it. K M Memorial Hospital has also not taken nor did it apply for the NOC.\"I had even visited K M Memorial Hospital earlier and asked the authorities to apply for the fire safety clearance and install sufficient number of fire extinguishers and water tanks, but they ignored the direction. If they had taken the instructions seriously, the lives could have been saved,\" said Khalko.However, the fire incident in K M Memorial Hospital here has reminded residents of the tragedy at AMRI Hospital, Kolkata in December 2011 in which 91 patients died a pathetic death. Bokaro civil surgeon S N Tiwari expressed his concern about the lack of fire safety measures in private hospitals.Deputy commissioner Sunil Kumar said a few months ago he had received a direction for implementation of fire safety measures in hospitals from the Union home ministry following which he had asked all the hospitals and nursing homes to follow the fire safety norms.But the administration obviously did not bother to conduct a physical check in the hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16322807", "title": "Kamal's bold Malayalam film to be remade", "text": "Kamal Haasan been an experimental actor even in his early days in the industry. Many movies that he did during this stage highlight this fact and one among them is the 1975 Malayalam film Rasaleela, which was bold for its time as it dealt with the issue of sex.The original had the Ulaganayan pairing up with Jayapradha and was a remake of the Tamil film Unarchigal , directed by Kamal's good friend R C Shakthi. The Tamil film created a controversy during the time and even faced issues with the regional censor board here. However, it eventually made it to the screens and was a superhit. The Malayalam version too did brisk business.Now, the film has been made with Dharshan and Prathishta in the lead and is expected to hit screens shortly. Will it do justice to the original? Let's wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16318686", "title": "Gutka worth Rs 30L seized in Khed", "text": "PUNE: In a joint raid by officials of the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) and the Pune rural police on Friday night, gutka worth Rs 29.57 lakh was seized from a godown at Chimbali phata in Khed taluka, around 40 km from here.FDA assistant commissioner Dilip Sangat told TOI on Saturday that the godown is owned by Nilesh Uddhav Borate of Mulshi. The joint raid was carried out following a reliable information that a huge stock of gutka of two different brands was stored in the godown.According to Sangat, Borate told FDA officials during interrogation that he had brought the stock of gutkafrom Gujarat around two days back and was planning to sell it in Khed and other places.The state government banned the use or sale of gutka in the state on July 20.\"A complaint has been registered with the Khed police station against Borate for allegedly violating the ban order under section 30 of the Food Safety Act. A chargesheet will be filed against him after completing the investigations,\" Sangat said.The raid team included Sangat and food safety officers Uday Lohokare and Parag Nalawade. The action was led by Shashikant Kekare, joint commissioner (food), FDA, Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16317840", "title": "Haqqani notification an internal matter of US, says cautious Pak", "text": "ISLAMABAD: In the midst of 'feel good' vibes in Indo-Pak ties, the US decision to designate the Haqqani network as a terror outfit competed for front page space in Pakistani newspapers with Islamabad's careful neutral reaction to the American move coming as a reality check against irrational exuberance over cross-border bonhomie.Islamabad looked to sidestep Haqqanis being tagged a foreign terrorist organization by arguing that the group is not a Pakistani entity and so secretary of state Hilary Clinton's announcement is an \"internal matter\" of the US.As in the case of questions asked about support to anti-India groups, Pakistan's reaction to its links with Haqqanis is: \"prove it\".A more detailed response centres on the argument that Haqqanis are not Pakistani citizens and so Islamabad is not answerable for any of their actions that include targeting of US and Nato forces in Afghanistan .The difference lies in that the Pakistan-US relationship spans military, diplomatic and economic cooperation. The US has leverage, including direct clout with Pakistan military, that India cannot begin to rival.Yet, the denial or reluctance to see anything amiss about the Haqqanis operating from its soil could be a cautionary tale for India.A significant asset of the Pakistani army, the Pashtun outfit, is as valuable to the military as Lashkar-e-Taiba is in Jammu &amp; Kashmir. Both are joined at the hip with the Pakistani army.The resistance to taking any action against the Waziristan-based group, despite the enormous stake in relations with US, points to lack of conviction, complicity or inability or all three. Some Pakistani commentators point to the obvious implications of Haqqanis being tagged terrorists.Pakistani daily Express Tribune's analysis points to the group - a large network of uncles, cousins and nephews commanding area and arsenals - being an important asset of ISI in Afghanistan.Like the US bounty on LeT chief Hafiz Saeed, the US decision on Haqqanis is undoubtedly inimical to Pakistan. It spells fresh trouble for the relationship, where trust is a fleeting image in a house of mirrors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "patiala ", "code": "16325268", "title": "All India Inter School English Debate concludes today", "text": "PATIALA : Padma Shri J K Kate 12th All India Inter School English Debate organized by The Punjab Public School, Nabha concluded today.The two-day debate witnessed participation of 14 schools, 34 participants and 45 different topics. For this unique debate, credit goes to the School Headmaster Jagpreet Singh and the English Department of PPS, Nabha. MGD Girls' School, Jaipur, MNSS, Rai, The Daly College, Indore, Lawrence School, Sanawar, Vidya Devi Jindal School, Hissar, Raj Kumar College, Rajkot, Vivek High School, Chandigarh, The Sagar School, Alwar, Pinegrove School, Dharampur, Yadvindra Public School, Patiala, Yadvindra Public School, Mohali, Army Public School, Dagshai, Sainik School, Kapurthala and The Punjab Public School, Nabha participated in this debate.In the first session 28 participants spoke on different topics for one minute only. They were given the topic only one minute before. The second round was turncoat round. All the participants had to express their views (for the motion) as well as Against the motion on the given topics. On the basis of first two rounds, 4 teams - PPS, Nabha, Lawrence School, Sanawar, VHS, Chandigar and VDJS, Hissar qualified for the Semi Finals. In the first semi - final VDJS, Hissar spoke for the motion and VHS, Chandigarh against the motion and expressed their views on the topic \"Phata Phat is the order of the day\".In the second Semi Final LS Sanawar for the Motion and PPS, Nabha Against the Motion debated on the topic \"General Disparity is an essential evil in todays world. In the final round LS, Sanawar and Vivek High School, Chandigarh exhibited their debating skills on the topic \"Education is all about scoring Marks\".Vivek High School, Chandigarh clinched the Winner Trophy. Somya Gupta of VDJS, Hissar was declared the best speaker of the debate whereas Kudartkashyap of Lawrence was selected as the best speaker of the Final round. Bir Kanwar of PPS won the first position in JAM (Just a Minute) Round and Somaya Gupta of VDJS, Hissar got the first position in the Turncoat round and first semi-final. Tara Mansani got the first position in second semi-fianal. Suniti Sharma, Chairperson and Principal MGD Girls School, Jaipur was the Chief Guest on the second day while Pramod Sharma Director and Principal, Genesis Global School, Noida was the Chief Guest on the first day. Both the Chief Guests complemented PPS for the great show. Jagpreet Singh, Headmaster, PPS, Nabha proposed the Vote of Thanks. Beant Singh, Principal, SGGS Collegeiate Public School, Chandigar, Jaspal Singh, Principal, BLPS, Kapurthala and Sumali Devgan were the Judges for this debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317171", "title": "Vacant in layout but encroached upon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Instead of simplifying the regularization process, the recent notification of 895 unauthorised colonies as regularized has made the process of making layouts more difficult for the three civic agencies. Blocks being given the status of colonies, say the civic bodies, will only complicate the process of making provision for social infrastructure like schools, dispensaries and community halls. Another area of concern will be the unauthorized constructions that have come up after 2007 in violation of guidelines.\"As per rules, we have to make provision for social infrastructure in all colonies. All this will make out job difficult,\" said a senior official of North Delhi Municipal Corporation. For instance, in Jawahar Park of south Delhi, B,C,D &amp; E blocks have been regularized as one colony and B, C, D &amp; F blocks have been regularized as another colony with registration number 621 A and 621 B, respectively. Similarly, two colonies have been regularized in G-Block of Nawada Extension with registration numbers 1474 and 1472 A. Sources say layouts are bound to overlap and this will pose a severe problem.The government has marked the boundaries of these colonies based on the aerial survey done in 2007. Though further construction was banned in these colonies after the Master Plan of Delhi 2021 was implemented in February 2007, there has been massive unauthorized construction in these colonies in the past five years.\"We have to prepare the layouts based on the boundaries marked by the government. But we can't make provision for social infrastructure as all the vacant land identified in the layouts has been encroached upon,'' said an official with East Delhi Municipal Corporation.Sources say that government has to decide whether these structures can be given a legal status. \"Demolition of these structures is out of question. Thus we need to look for a way to improve facilities in these areas,'' said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee. The ruling BJP has been asking for regularization of 1639 colonies.While the BJP and Congress are trying to cash on on the issue of regularization of unauthorized colonies, officials say that layout approval in most of the colonies is virtually impossible. \"As per MPD-2021, right of way should be 6 metres. But most of the colonies have less than 3 metres of ROW. The government has to either make special provision for these colonies in the master plan or allow demolitions in these colonies,\" said a senior official.With the process of layout approvals of 312 unauthorized colonies constructed on private land to start soon, officials say, more problems will come to light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16318174", "title": "Four students go missing", "text": "CHENNAI: Four students of a government boys high school in Avadi have gone missing since Friday. Police said the students had gone for lunch and did not return to their classes.The boys, Naveen Kumar, Hariharan, Subramani and Surya had told their parents they were going for a wedding in the evening and borrowed money from them.Police have launched a hunt for them following complaints from the parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16318461", "title": "SHO bashed up after youth's murder", "text": "ALWAR: Following the kidnap and brutal murder of a youth by a gang of criminals, residents of Bansur area in Alwar roughed up the station house officer (SHO) of the area on suspicion of his connivance in the incident. The SHO sustained injuries and were admitted to a hospital.According to sources, two gangs, one headed by Leela Gujjar and the other by Deshraj Gujjar, are active in Bansur area.One of the gang members kidnapped one Jagdish Kumhar who was associated with the rival gang. The villagers alleged that Bansur police station in-charge Dharmveer Janu was immediately informed about the kidnap. However, the SHO did not act. Instead he told the villagers who had approached him that Jagdish's body will be handed over to them after post mortem. Later Jagdish's body was found near Harsora police outpost on Saturday morning. The body had been cut to several pieces.The villagers again informed the SHO when the body was found. They alleged that SHO did not turn up for almost two hours. As soon as he reached there, the villagers confronted him.A crowd of villagers started thrashing the SHO. Soon, additional police force was rushed to the spot. The SHO was rescued and admitted to hospital.\"We have arrested three men including Leela Gujjar in connection with the kidnap and murder of Jagdish. We have also received complaints against the SHO. An inquiry has also been launched into the villagers' allegations,\" said SP, Alwar, Umesh Dutta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16318632", "title": "Publicity blitz to showcase state industrial initiatives", "text": "LUCKNOW: Days after finalising the new infrastructure and industrial policy of the state, the industries department of the state government has devised a concerted publicity drive for the policy document outside Uttar Pradesh.The first in a long list of planned publicity initiatives, the infrastructure and industries commission has decided to depute Kaushal Raj Sharma, special secretary in the department, to undertake a trip to Kerala. Participating in an event organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry in Kerala, Sharma will interact with industry representatives who have expressed an interest in investing in UP. He will also clarify any doubts and make the provisions of the industrial policy available to interested investors.Apart from deputing state government officials for promoting UP to other states and countries, UP, in an attempt to attract industry, has also roped in Ernst &amp; Young as its consultant to draw up a concerted plan for projecting the state as a preferred investment destination.\"Since the consultants have worked closely with the governments of Gujarat and Karnataka also, UP government plans to ask them to draw up a similar one-year-long investment promotion strategy for the state as well,'' said a senior UP government official.Though inter-state meetings of industry bodies and the state government have been taking place, the government has now decided to take on the task of policy dissemination more seriously. Preliminary inter-state meetings, a senior officials said, will also give the state government a chance to plan their long-term strategy for attracting industry into the state.Once we assess the success of these preliminary meetings, the government can then decide how frequently UP should participate in such events,'' said Sharma.Earlier, Infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta had announced UP's plans to project itself as a preferred investment destination not only within India but off shore as well.After the state cabinet approved the new industrial policy, Gupta said the government would undertake road shows to aggressively market UP's new industrial development policy.Apart from participating in investors' meets in metropolitan cities in the country, the industries department, he said, would also promote UP's case in places like the US, Europe and Singapore , regions that had expressed an interest in investing in UP.After the cabinet ratified the new industrial policy on Tuesday, officials of the state government on Friday confirmed it had issued instructions to all concerned departments -- 25 of them -- to issue government orders for operationalising the industrial policy.Though the entire process is expected to take over one month, chief secretary Jawed Usmani has already called for a stock-taking meeting on the progress of the implementation process in 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16318570", "title": "Anti hemophilia factor shortage bleeds haemophiliacs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exercising the 'Right to Life' guaranteed to him by the Constitution, 14-year-old Devanshu reported to haematology department at King George's Medical University last month. After waiting for about two hours, he was able to see the doctor. However, the doctor disappointed him like he has been doing for the last six months. The teenager is one of the haemophiliacs who needs a blood product called anti hemophilia factor (AHF) to contain urinary track infection that makes him bleed all the time. Haemophilia is a genetic disease in which blood does not clot on its own. Excessive loss of blood adversely affects functions and triggers complications as a person grows.But, Devanshu and other patients like him have no option but to 'live with the pain' and 'inch slowly towards death' as the life-saving AHF factors are not available at government centres like KGMU identified for providing treatment to the patients. Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences is the other centre, which provides AHF to patients, but this too has no stock of AHF. Buying AHF from the market could be an option, but it falls extremely heavy on their pocket and it also means compelling one's family members to make compromises with basic necessities of life.Depending on the condition, haemophiliacs need factor 7, 8 or 9. Factor 8 is the most commonly needed AHF. It costs a minimum of Rs 10.50 per unit in the market and a child like Devanshu (12-15 years age group) needs at least 2,000 factors for a wound as small as a cut from the blade or knife. This means that one will have to spend a minimum of Rs 21,000 for the factors alone. The larger the wound, the higher the need for factors. The demand gets bigger with age and body weight as well. About 20% of the patients need factor-9, which costs around Rs 18 per unit. The requirement of factor units doubles in case of patients from factor-9 category. As patients grow up, they develop antibodies to factors 8 or 9.As a result, factors become less effective. To achieve effective coagulation, AHF is given with a minimum of two units of factor-7, which means an expenditure of Rs 1.5 lakh.\"I have accepted my disease and the pain that comes in the package deal... but how can I see my siblings making compromises because of me... Sometimes I feel that my family would have been better off without me,\" muttered the teenager. Devanshu's mother Sudha states that the dearth is purely artificial and it is due to lack of government initiative. \"When the high court has directed the government to allocate funds for procurement of AHF for all state medical colleges why don't they act on time?\" she questioned. To note, while hearing a public interest litigation about three years ago that sought availability of AHF for patients, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court had categorically stated that haemophilia patients too have the right to live.The PIL was filed by the Haemophilia Society. However, haemophilia patients continue to suffer in the absence of proper facilities in the city including at the SGPGI and KGMU. Officials point out that fund for the factors should have been sanctioned in April. But, half the financial year has passed and the process has not been initiated. Officials at KGMU confirmed that funds are yet to come. \"We are waiting for the funds, so that we can buy the factors. We are helpless as factors are expensive,\" said Prof SN Shankhwar, chief medical superintendent.Parents claimed that factors were a far cry, doctors in various centres do not even sympathise with them. \"They hush us as if we are some stray animal,\" said Ahmed Tanzeem, whose son is a patient. \"A senior doctor simply gets irritated by seeing me in his OPD. I pleaded several time to help us and pursue the matter with authorities, but they tell me to mind my business,\" said the man. They also claimed that a couple of children have died due to unavailability of factors and some are on the verge of their death. One of them named Pradeep is battling for life at SGPGIMS. This patient from Jhansi suffered a spinal cord injury.Statistics show that haemophilia affects one in 10,000 persons in the world. It is estimated that there are close to one lakh haemophilia-A patients, while at least 50,000 persons are living with severe haemophilia. Of these, less than 15% have been diagnosed. Only 12,500 people with haemophilia receive treatment says the Haemophilia Federation of India.VITAL INFORMATION: According to the World Health Organization , more than 400,000 people in the world have haemophilia, corresponding to a prevalence of 15 to 20 in every 100,000 males born worldwide. India has estimated 80,000 haemophilia patients and approximately 12,000 have been diagnosed.ARE WE REALLY AWARE?* Haemophilia is genetic disorder that prevents blood from forming an effective clot as a result of which wounds continue to bleed non-stop.* Haemophilia is usually caused due to deficiency of clotting factor VIII or IX in the blood.* Haemophilia is an inherited bleeding disorder, and it is usually passed from the mother to a son. It always occurs in males.* Early treatment for bleeding is important to prevent or limit damage to joints, muscles, or other parts of the body.* The main treatment for haemophilia is injecting the low or missing clotting (anti-haemophiliac) factors directly into the bloodstream.TYPES OF HAEMOPHILIA: There are various types of 'haemophilia' depending on which particular clotting factor is missing* Haemophilia A represents 90% of the haemophilia cases. It involves lack of functional clotting factor VIII.* Less severe than Haemophilia A is Haemophilia B, which involves lack of functional clotting factor IX.* Haemophilia C is also a genetic disorder involving lack of functional clotting factor XI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16318631", "title": "Chief minister to distribute unemployment dole today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Government will disburse unemployment allowance of Rs 1,000 per month to the youngsters from Sunday. Launching the scheme, announced in SP's election manifesto, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will give away cheques to unemployed youths, says an official release. Under the scheme, high school passed unemployed in the age group of 25 years to 40 years, whose family income is less than Rs 36,000 per annum, would get an allowance of Rs 1,000 per month.Initially, cheques would be given to 10,500 applicants from seven districts of Lucknow, Unnao, Hardoi, Sitapur, Lakhimpur, Rae Bareli and Kanpur and after this it would be directly transferred in the bank accounts of the beneficiaries on quarterly basis, said director, training and employment Anil Kumar .He said that the applicants had to register themselves with the employment exchange by August 31. So far, around five lakh applications have been received which were being examined, he said.In 2012 UP assembly elections, Samajwadi Party had promised to pay unemployment allowance all the unemployed youngsters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317068", "title": "Metro must act to stop suicides", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hailed as a lifeline of the city for 10 years, the Metro is slowly becoming an instrument of suicide. But the 12 suicides recorded at Delhi Metro stations in a year only reflect a global trend that has been documented earlier in cities like London, Montreal and Munich. In Montreal City, for example, 115 metro suicides were recorded between 1986 and 1995. Another 323 attempts were foiled and 362 suicidal people were apprehended by metro personnel, data shows.Psychiatrists say easy access, small chance of getting caught and, in some cases, the yearning to get noticed are reasons why suicidal people choose such crowded places. In fact, metro authorities in developed countries have taken preventive steps, such as starting crisis centres at stations and 24x7 helpline.\"Suicide in subway system or metro station is a recognized public health challenge across the world. In Singapore, Bangkok and many other cities, sliding door systems have been installed near the tracks. These open only when the train stops moving. Staff is also trained to identify high-risk individuals. Delhi Metro can adopt similar measures. But more importantly, we should focus on recognizing mental health problems as a treatable medical condition which must not be suppressed or neglected,\" said Dr Nimesh Desai, director, Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences (IHBAS).Dr Sameer Malhotra, clinical psychiatrist at Max Hospital, Saket said depression, self-harming tendencies and aggression due to failure in relationships or work related stress are increasing. \"If people suffering from these conditions fail to get emotional support from the family, or professional counselling, the risk of a suicide attempt increases,\" he said, adding, \"Usually, suicide is a pre-meditated action that follows several failed attempts.\"Experts say media attention on a particular site also influences the choice of place. Qutub Minar and Janakpuri district centre are examples. While entry to the Qutub Minar's top has been banned, raised barriers have been installed at the district centre.A study published in the Journal of Urban Health on 'suicidal behaviour on subway systems' in 2007 used data from more than 30 world cities, including Kolkata, to show the high degree of lethality resulted in more suicide attempts at metro stations. It found that most subway suicides were by young people, with a smaller gender difference as compared to the overall proportion for suicides.A senior psychiatrist said avoidance of eye contact, deliberate actions and possession of sentimental items may indicate a suicidal intent. \"If anyone is behaving strangely or looks extremely depressed, fellow passengers must alert the authorities,\" said Dr Monica Chib, clinical psychiatrist at Apollo Hospital.Dr Roma Kumar, senior consultant psychiatrist at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, said increasing the height of side walls and monitoring public movement is important. \"In Delhi, side walls of metro stations are not high enough.\"Delhi Metro officials said an NGO will launch a public service initiative to reduce suicide attempts at stations. \"Metro staff \u2014 those on the counter and manning the stations \u2014 will be sensitized by volunteers of the NGO to identify suicide-prone people and counsel them,\" an official said. DMRC is also increasing the height of railings in elevated stations to stop people from climbing over them, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16318712", "title": "Mandals can use Loud speakers allowed till midnight for 5 days: Ajit Pawar", "text": "PUNE: Ganesh mandals can use loudspeakers till midnight for five days of the 10-day festivity, said deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Saturday.At a meeting called by the peace committee and the police commissioner to review preparations for the Ganesh festival in the city on Saturday, Pawar appealed to mandals to help maintain law and order during the festival which starts September 19.\"Ganesh mandals want permission to use loudspeakers till midnight for eight days. Such extensions can be given only during Diwali and the Sawai Gandharva music festival. The government has decided to allow loudspeakers till midnight on five days, which includes three days granted by the state government, one day granted by the district collector and one day in lieu of the Maharashtra Day,\" said Pawar.The deputy CM told the police to beef up vigil in the backdrop of serial blasts on JM Road on August 1. He also appealed to citizens to remain alert and contact the police if they find anything suspicious.Pawar also said that the government is working on a proposal to install CCTV cameras in the city. \"A meeting has been called in Mumbai on September 10 to decide on the proposal and an action plan for installation of a surveillance system.\"Besides, the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd has been told to ensure uninterrupted power supply during the festival.City MP Suresh Kalmadi , who was present at the meeting, said the civic administration, elected representatives and citizens should join hands to maintain peace during the festival.Rajya Sabha MP Vandana Chavan, MLAs Girish Bapat, Madhuri Misal, Bapu Pathare, MLCs Mohan Joshi and Jaidev Gaikwad addressed the gathering. Representatives of Ganesh mandals, commissioner of police Gulabrao Pol, senior officials of police department, district collector Vikas Deshmukh and mayor Vaishali Bankar were also present.Strict action against illegal parties to continue, PawarThe district guardian minister Ajit Pawar on Saturday expressed concern about illegal parties that were recently held in the city and said that action against illegal parties will continue in future. Pawar said, \"We are serious about illegal activities. The police and the district administration have been asked to take against such illegal activities. We would not spare anyone if found involved in illegal activities\". Pawar said that Pune was known as an education hub and it was the responsibility of everybody to maintain its sanctity. He also said that a meeting of school and college principals has been called to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321281", "title": "Amrit Manthan &amp; Saubhagyavati\u2019s crossover episode", "text": "Recently Life OK saw a crossover episode between Amrit Manthan and Mein Lakshmi Tere Aangan Ki. Seems like the channel is churning more excitement to keep viewers hooked.Now, there will be another crossover episode between Amrit Manthan and Dil Se Di Dua Saubhagyavati Bhava . As Viraj (Karanvir Bohra) escapes from jail, the cops are behind him and in a bid to escape them, he enters Amrit's (Adaa Khan) palace. Amrit is frightened and shocked to see Viraj there who on his part threatens Amrit to keep his hiding a secret.  Sources inform that Viraj and Amrit will have a confrontation. Since both are strong, they will point knives at each other and then Viraj will confess to Amrit that he's doing it for his love. That's when Amrit tells him that she too suffered because of love. Viraj will teach Amrit how to take revenge on her enemy and Amrit in turn will help Viraj in an evil way to win his love back. The two will also become friends. This particular sequence is being shot today and will be aired on 12th September 2012.  So where will Viraj go from here? When contacted, Karanvir Bohra confirmed the track, \"Its really exciting because acting is a medium of chemistry. Our chemistry in this crossover episode is very cool and seductively evil\".Adaa Khan too shares her experience about working with Karanvir Bohra. \"Yes we are shooting for the cross over episode and we are having lots of fun on sets. I find Karanvir to be a very brilliant actor and I 'm a fan of Saubhagyavati Bhava too\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16318973", "title": "Father of white revolution Verghese Kurien dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Verghese Kurien , father of White Revolution, passed away in Nadiad, Gujarat on Sunday. Kurien, who turned 10 million farmers into a legendary cooperative, was 90-years-old.\"Kurien died a natural death due to his age,\" GCMMF MD said. Kurien's body will be kept at Anand for public to pay tribute. Kurien was 28 when he came to Anand, Gujarat in 1949, and was soon working hard to help a budding cooperative to grow. For him the dairy farmers were the rightful owners of the milk business.Kurien revolutionised the milk industry when he produced milk powder from buffalo milk. The rest of the world used cow milk to make milk powder.Kurien replicated the Anand model throughout India as operation flood, making India the world's largest producer of milk. Today over 10 million farmers across the country at 200 dairies produce over 20 million litres of milk a day.As the milk man of India celebrates his 90th birthday, he also has an honest confession to make. \"I don't drink milk. I don't like it,\" said Kurien.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16318488", "title": "Survey soon for monorail in three cities", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has stepped up efforts to bring monorail to three cities- Jaipur, Jodhpur and Kota. A team of engineers from Malaysia and Engineering Projects India Limited would conduct the survey of these three cities soon.Minister for urban development and housing Shanti Dhariwal, who recently returned from Malaysia, said: \"Efforts are being made to improve the public transport system. The engineers of Malaysia and Engineering Projects India Limited have been called for conducting a survey of the three cities.\"The survey is being conducted for the second time at these cities to find out the possibility of starting monorail at minimum cost, he said.Cost is a major factor which the state government is worried about. The state government is planning to introduce monorail on the public private partnership. For elevated tracks for monorail, the cost is Rs 140 crore per kilometre. So, the state government is finding possibilities to cover the maximum distance on surface rather than elevated. Dhariwal said, \"Monorail is not certain yet but we are again trying to minimize the cost. Since the cost of elevated tracks is quite high, we will try to find out the possibility of running it maximum on surface rather than on elevated road. Whether it is possible to run the monorail on surface rather than on elevated track, we will find it through the survey.\"The state government has been planning to bring monorail to the three cities for the last 3 years but it has not taken a final decision yet. UDH minister's Malaysia visit has again given a new ray of hope to the people of three cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16318283", "title": "BJP, Shiv Sena stage demos against Praful Patel", "text": "BHANDARA: MLAs of Bharatiya Janata Party and Shiv Sena publicly denounced Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel and two other ministers here on Saturday. BJP workers also staged black flag demonstrations and shouted anti-Patel slogans.Patel, Maharashtra tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute and minister of state for tribal development Dr Rajendra Gavit inaugurated the new office of integrated tribal development project here. The dignitaries cut the ribbon and distributed oil pumps to two tribal beneficiaries. The district collector and zilla parishad CEO were not present on the dais. They were sitting in their cars outside the venue. Even as the organizers announced the name of the collector to garland the Union minister, he did not turn up.Despite it being a government programme, the names of the district collector and CEO were not mentioned in the official invitation card. Later, BJP MLA Nana Patole and Sena MLA Narendra Bhondekar reached the venue with their workers and took charge of the stage and addressed the workers, denouncing the ministers.The BJP workers shouted anti-Patel slogans. The police later arrested nine workers and registered offences against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16317268", "title": "State DGP seeks mega city police funds for Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana DGP, Ranjeev Dalal, has urged the central government to bring Gurgaon-Faridabad police commissionerates under the mega-city policing scheme.Dalal conveyed this during the closing day of All India inter-state DGPs' conference in New Delhi. He asked the Centre to increase funding for policing in the NCR cities to bring them at par with Delhi. \"Once the twin cities come under mega-city policing, we shall get additional funds for round-the-clock surveillance through CCTVs and upgradation of infrastructure to deal with cybercrimes. Since both these cities are expanding, we need additional measures in place,'' said Dalal.\"We have got Rs 300 crore from the Haryana government and have demanded Rs 200 crore from the Union government for Gurgaon and Faridabad police commissionerates,\" he added. Dalal and his counterpart in New Delhi also expressed concern over the issue of manufacturing and smuggling of illegal weapons from some pockets in Uttar Pardesh, Bihar and Madhya Pardesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16332994", "title": "Alcohol binge brings about gastro trouble", "text": "LUDHIANA: The practice of binge drinking is a popular pastime among the young in the city and this fact is reflected in the number of patients visiting gastroenterology departments at major city hospitals.The gastroenterologists at city hospitals say they get almost one patient with a binge drinking habit on alternate day.The phenomenon is usually seen among the young students, mostly males, says assistant professor in gastroenterology at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) Dr Anish Chopra. \"The number of binge drinkers is rising in the city by the day,\" he adds. The consequences of binge drinking are far worse than consuming alcohol in small quantities daily. Senior consultant and coordinator of the department of gastroenterology at SPS Apollo Hospital Dr Nirmaljeet Singh Malhi says,\"Binge drinking causes pancreatitis and damages the liver and other organs. Such drinking habit is common in college students from affluent and middle class families.\" Malhi too, deals with one or two patients with binge drinking habits every alternate day.Talking about the factors that may lead to binge drinking habits among people, Malhi says people usually binge on alcohol because of low socioeconomic status, large amount of disposable money, sensation/novelty seeking, low self-control, delinquency and delinquent friends.\"Other factors could be consuming alcohol as a coping method for emotional problems, which is common among adolescent girls, excessive drinking among peers, poor relationship with parents and alcohol abuse by parents,\" adds Malhi.Dr Ajeet Sood, head of department, gastroenterology, at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital, says it is no wonder that adolescents in Punjab are falling prey to the binge drinking as alcoholism has been a grave issue in this state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16317615", "title": "Do we have what it takes to clean up mining?", "text": "The Shah commission has confirmed what environmentalists and anti-mining activists have been alleging for decades-there are illegalities, governments have turned a blind eye to these, the mining industry is misusing democracy. We all knew that. What happens next is a question begging to be answered.Anyone expecting stringent action against those indicted in the report could be in for much disappointment. The report, verbose though it is, is unlikely to bury the politicians and bureaucrats involved in the fraud wrought upon the state. It is inconceivable that any government will take on the influential mining industry in Goa, for in acting against those the report points a finger at, the government will have to act against the industry.Just how powerful it is, and how the mining industry subverts the democratic process, has been documented in the Shah commission report. Commenting on the fact that pro-mining voices drowned anti-mining voices at a hearing in Goa, Shah asked, \"Instead of nourishing democracy, are we marching towards anarchy?\" He further stated, \"Hired persons brought by mine owners to the public meeting leads to believe that democracy is misused. It is believed by some that liberty is given to them to loot the national wealth. This tendency may finally lead to anarchy and chaos.\"Shah was not commenting on an incident that occurred in a remote corner of the vast Indian canvas, but one that transpired in the Goa state secretariat. And, it was a studied reaction by a respected jurist, not one made off the cuff, which makes it all the more vital for those in Goa to take it seriously.Mining has changed the Goan landscape, it has wrought environmental problems, it has caused pollution. Some people have earned from it. From among them a large number by the sweat of their brow and a miniscule few seated in the cool confines of their airconditioned offices. If in the 1960s and 70s mining was seen as a boon, this opinion changed as damage to the environment slowly awoke the slumbering people. There was, thankfully, no major disaster to jolt the people to this realization. It came slowly, when the red earth of the east polluted the green fields of the west.It is only in recent years that the perception that mining was an activity that took place in the hinterland and so did not affect the picture postcard pristine beauty of Goa changed. The realization that mining has become an activity happening in my backyard, and not that of my neighbour's, has galvanized public opinion creating a divide deeper than any mining pit.On the one hand not only has the clamour of village groups opposing mining finally made it to the front pages of Goa's newspapers, red mining dust has also been spilled on the road in front of a former chief minister's private residence in Margao. On the other, mining dependent persons fearing a ban on the industry have brought their trucks to the state capital Panaji and anchored their barges on the river Mandovi drawing attention to their plight should ore extraction be stopped.And that's why finding a viable solution to the issue won't be easy. There is a section that believes their economic future is in mining. There is another that believes mining is taking Goa to the pits. The choice is between the anarchy and chaos the industry is capable of taking Goa to and the breath of fresh air that a mining-free Goa could give its citizens.What they want will have to be determined by the people as governments would be only too happy to postpone decisions and maintain \"status quo\", a phrase that blinks at most illegalities. The Shah commission report may not be the dynamite that blows mining off the face of Goa, but it certainly has lit the fuse. Pushing the plunger is in the hands of the people.The writer is a senior journalist. The views expressed are those of the writer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16322792", "title": "Ulfa claims responsibility for Guwahati blast", "text": "GUWAHATI: The anti-talk faction of ULFA on Sunday claimed responsibility for the Paltan Bazar blast in Guwahati in which a CRPF personnel was killed and 12 others injured on Saturday.In an email to PTI, the Paresh Barua-led faction's publicity wing member Aranya 'Asom' said the outfit had officially taken responsibility for the blast.It, however, regretted that innocent civilians were injured in the explosion.\"To avoid such injuries, we urge the people of Assam to maintain a considerable distance from uniformed persons in the future,\" the email said in a veiled threat that the outfit would continue with its subversive activities.Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, who visited the spot on Sunday, said 50 persons had been picked up by the police for interrogation and efforts were on to pin the insurgency group responsible for the blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16326769", "title": "Investigate allegations made by Kejriwal in Coalgate scam: RTI activist", "text": "LUCKNOW: Local RTI activist Amitabh Thakur on Sunday petitioned the Central Vigilance Commission to hold a CBI inquiry into the Coalgate scam, based on the allegations levelled by social activist Arvind Kejiwal on social networking site Twitter.In a letter to the CVC, Thakur has written that in the course of the enquiry, the CBI has so far registered five criminal cases, while searches and raids were conducted at 30 locations in 11 cities including Nagpur, Kolkata, Bhilai, Yavatmal, Raipur , Dhanbad, Ranchi, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Delhi (NCR) in early September. Thakur has also said that two days after the raid, Kejriwal made crucial statements--via twitter--about the coal scam in general and on the CBI raids on September 4, 2012, in particular, which raised questions about the CBI raids on coal companies being an eyewash. Kejriwal then also posted a tweet saying he had received a mail from an officer in one of raided companies, which said they had been informed about the raids two days in advance and had been asked \"to remove all material.\"Stating that as an eminent social activist, well-known for his anti-corruption crusades, including his efforts for the promulgation of the Lokpal Act, Kejriwal's statementsare of \"huge importance because they are related with the integrity and basic reputation of CBI,\" Thakur has recommend that the veracity of Kejriwal's statements be checked, and made known to the entire Nation.As a serving officer of the Indian Police Service, Thakur has also said making such an enquiry will not have any direct impact on the pace of the investigations being carried out by the CBI and the two can take place simultaneously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16325347", "title": "Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture organises two-day seminar on 'industrial relation'", "text": "PUNE: The Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture (MCCIA) has organised a two-day seminar on 'industrial relation - law, practices and challenges ahead on September 14 and 15.The seminar, which will be held at MCCIA Senapati Bapat road, has been organised in association with the Labour Law Practitioners' Association in Pune and supported by the International Labour Organisation .The organisers said that the seminar aims to discuss and share the industrial relation practices followed by various organisations related to international relations laws and important judgement. The seminar will focus on legal provisions to make organisations and individuals employees responsive, adaptive and flexible through innovative approaches.Topics such as sexual harassment at workplace, principals of natural justice, general legal principles, case studies, important labour judgements, MRTU and PULP act 1971, Industrial disputes Act 1947, Industrial employment (Standing orders) Act 1946, misconduct and disciplinary actions, contract labour (regulations and abolition) Act 1970, Mathadi Act among others will be covered.The organisers said that the seminar will be useful for human resource employees, managers, labour law practitioners, academicians and students who are keen on becoming an expert in the subject. Eminent lawyers from Labour Law Practitioners' association and professionals from corporate world will conduct the seminar. It will be held from 10 am to 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318785", "title": "Wine and cheese bash lifts spirits", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a 'cheesy' evening for city residents as they got a chance to savour an assortment of French cheeses, along with freshly baked French bread and a variety of wines at the fifth 'French cheese bar'. The cheese and wine do at cafe theatre at Alliance Francaise in Sector 36, was a joyful affair, with a band playing music, maintaining the rhythm of the evening.Besides, the Chandigarh police's pipe band stood right at the entrance gate to welcome guests. The guests relished imported French cheese including 'goat cheese' made of fresh goat milk, brie cheese made of cow milk.Besides cheese, there were some Indian appetizers on the platter too. A band of African students from an institute in Jalandhar kept atmosphere lively. \"It gave us perfect opportunity to meet over traditional French food,\" said Laure Guyot, an official at Alliance Francaise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16322524", "title": "Robbie Williams complains of pregnancy sickness", "text": "Robbie Williams has claimed that he experienced weight gain and other side effects during his wife, Ayda Field's, first trimester.\"I got fat. Isn't that incredible. She has to eat for two, but I've gained her weight. It must be the empathy,\" the Sun quoted him, as saying.\"I read about it, and, it says that sometimes husbands suffer the same effects during the pregnancy as their wife,\" he said.When asked if he had also experienced nausea and backache, the Take That singer added: \"Yes, yes, everything. If she was sick, I was.\"\"If she had bad mood, me too. This happened during the first three months,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16318191", "title": "Creating free time to study freebies", "text": "MADURAI: A panchayat president in Dindigul district is multitasking, by serving people as well as working on her Ph.D on the 'Role of freebies in economic development of rural poor in Dindigul district'. She says this helps her know how the beneficiaries fare from schemes initiated by the government.A Sumathy Balamurugan is panchayat president of Palayamkottai in Athoor Union in Dindigul and did her MA at Queen Mary's College, Chennai. She went on to complete her B.Ed and M.Phil too. Her husband, who stood by her during the elections to the local body, encouraged her to take up a Ph.D on freebies, as it was going to be a part and parcel of her life for the next five years.She is doing her research under the guidance of Dr Soundarapandian, director of the directorate of distance education of Tirunelveli Manonmaniam Sundaranar University. \"I interact with at least 10 people a day to get data for my research and also go into the fields as often as possible. It is a hands-on experience to get actual data, instead of just saying that people are benefitting from it,\" she said.When the previous government distributed colour televisions set to the rural poor, it only led to many becoming addicted to television and becoming lazy, instead of going for work. But the schemes of this government have made people work, she feels.\"For example, I have people like Chinnammal, a beneficiary of the free goat scheme, who has been able to increase her herd from four to seven in just six months,\" she said. Women who are proud owners of the free goat scheme told her that the goats were also giving them their regular exercise and that they were able to tackle physical problems and stay in good shape.There are women from families below the poverty line who see the free cows given to them as a gift from the government. They had told her that they had never dreamt of being able to drink such rich milk in their lives and also said they made good money by selling about 10 to 15 litres of milk a day.Free mixies and grinders have made it possible for them to have idlis and dosas in their regular diets as well as make an income by selling them, which was once impossible. Widows, destitutes and old people benefit from the free rice scheme, but the same cannot be said of others, she said. There are nine villages which come under her panchayat and one of them has 15 widows in the age group of 25-35. These women who work for daily wages find the free rice a very useful commodity, Sumathy said. It is also helpful to people who are unable to find jobs in some villages due to caste issues.These things are also helping rural people get their daughters married comfortably because they can pass these things off as dowry.The freebies of the government have both a positive and negative impact and this is an attempt to analyse it says, Sumathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16316919", "title": "Plea in HC for education of child inmates", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government-run Asha Kiran Home, already in the dock for human rights violation of its residents, is also guilty of depriving its 386 mentally retarded children of their right to education, alleged civil rights lawyer Ashok Aggarwal. He urged the Delhi high court on Friday to pass directives ensuring these children's education.Aggarwal is part of the Directorate of Education's monitoring committee tasked with identifying institutes that require special educators for children with special needs. A division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw reserved order on Aggarwal's application after hearing his contention.The advocate said the right to education of these mentally retarded destitute children in the age group 5 to 18 years is being violated, and also these children are denied their right to study in a mainstream school.According to Aggarwal, the children are not enrolled in any school and no facility has been provided for their education due to inaction on the part of the Delhi government.The lawyer told the court that in 2010, a team from the Directorate of Education visited the home to identify children entitled to be enrolled in the mainstream school and help them get admission in a nearby school. During the visits, resource teachers assessed 392 children in the age group 5 to 18 years. The panel found that 32 boys and 12 girls were educable, 83 boys and 61 girls trainable, 77 boys and 43 girls educable and trainable while 45 boys and 30 girls were ADL + custodial. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16316791", "title": "Narela teacher staged own killing for affair", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the end, even death could not part Ashish Kumar Peter from his wife. On Teacher's Day, the 37-year-old English teacher had staged his own killing to make a fresh start with a student 10 years his junior. But police saw through the subterfuge, and on Saturday Peter was hauled home from Dehradun, where he had been staying with a friend \"on holiday\".Narela police, who caught the teacher, said the blood stains found in Peter's room had puzzled them from the start.\"It seemed the bloodstains were not of a victim but imposed,\" said M A Rizvi, additional DCP (outer Delhi). So, the investigation had revolved around Peter's family, friends and students. A breakthrough was made two days after the incident, when a new SIM bought by Peter on September 3 was found active.While police traced the calls, Rizvi said, the forensics lab was requested to survey the scene of crime. \"An FSL team confirmed the doubts of investigators that the crime had been staged and the scene was manipulated and fabricated.\"Police traced Peter's phone to Dehradun in Uttarakhand. \"A joint team of Narela police station and the special staff was immediately sent to Dehradun. It found Peter at his friend's house in the Patel Nagar area. He had told his hosts he was on a holiday, and was found having breakfast with them,\" said a source.During interrogation, Peter admitted having an affair with one of his students. \"He told us his wife objected to their relationship and they frequently quarrelled over this issue. He staged his own murder to teach her a lesson.''In order to make the crime believable, he slashed his right palm with a blade and splattered blood on the floor, a wall and the door of the cabin where he taught.\"He even tried to give the crime a communal colour. Later on, he called some of his students to find out what people were saying about his kidnapping and murder. He had shaved his head and moustache as part of his disguise,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16321807", "title": "Sohail Abbas among 14 Pakistani stars to sign up for Hockey India League", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fourteen Pakistan hockey players, including star penalty corner specialist Sohail Abbas , have signed up for the inaugural Hockey India League to be held from January 5 to February 3 next year.The 14 Pakistani players will be among the pool of about 80 overseas players for the HIL Players Auction to be held next month, Hockey India said in a release.Rated among the world's best drag-flick exponents, Abbas is the most prolific scorer in the game's history with 349 goals. He was the captain of the Pakistan squad that finished seventh in the London Olympic Games earlier this year.Apart from the 19-year-old forward Ali Shan, the other 13 players were in Pakistan's London Olympics squad. Ali Shan was among the final 20 probables for the Olympic Games.\"We are delighted that the cream of Pakistan's Olympic Games squad has made itself available to play in the Hockey India League,\" Hockey India Secretary-General and HIL Chairman Narinder Batra said.\"We know that the Indian fans will love to watch these stars as part of the six teams that will vie for honours in the exciting tournament that will raise the profile of the sport,\" he said.Pakistan Hockey Federation president Qasim Zia and Secretary Muhammad Asif Bajwa said they were happy that the 14 players would be part of the HIL Players Auction.\"Our players are excited to be among those considered for the inaugural Hockey India League,\" Bajwa said.\"We are sure that the event will be a huge success, drawing the best talent from around the world.\"The Players: Goalkeepers: Imran Shah, Imran Butt Defenders: Muhammed Irfan, Sohail Abbas, Muhammad Imran, Syed Kashif ShahMidfielders: Muhammad Rizwan Jr, Fareed Ahmed, Rashid Mehmood, Muhammad TousiqForwards: Muhammad Rizwan Sr, Shafqat Rasool, Waqas Muhammad, Ali Shan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16316908", "title": "Test dates clash, students worried", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB) is considering changing the dates of the fourth semester exam of HSC (science) beginning April 8, 2013 since it clashes with the Joint Entrance Exam which is slated to be held on April 7, 2013.Officials said there have been numerous representations received from the parents and academicians saying that if the fourth semester exams are conducted from April 8, the students will be torn between preparing for the JEE and board exams. This will affect their performance in both the exams.\"We are actively considering changing the dates of the fourth semester exam from April 8. The exams might be held in month of March from 18-23. The final decision on the issue will be taken soon\", officials said.\"Since the Joint Entrance Exam will be conducted for the first time as the common engineering exam, we want to give enough time to the students to prepare and appear for the exam with complete confidence\", board officials said.Board officials said that the students, principals and parents of HSC (science) students can send their feedback on the issue to the board office.Meanwhile, the dates of the third semester exams have been announced. \"The third semester exam will be held from October 25, 2012 to November 2, 2012. The academic session of the fourth semester of HSC (science) will begin from November 3 so that the students get more academic days to prepare for the course well\", officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318003", "title": "Dy mayor blames official for RBI Square name mess", "text": "NAGPUR: Deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav has slammed Rahul Warke, development engineer of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), for holding back vital information from him on RBI Square renaming. Dalit organizations had submitted a proposal on April 14 to Jadhav for renaming RBI Square as Samvidhan Chowk as the statue of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar is situated there.Jadhav had sent the proposal to Warke, who forwarded it to Dharampeth zone for clearance. The zone officials did not clear it as support letters from local corporators Pragati Patil (NCP) and Deva Usre (Cong) were not enclosed with it. The proposal gathered dust in the zone for four months until Thursday.A furious Jadhav told TOI, \"Warke did not tell me about this fact and whenever I asked about the proposal he gave some or other excuse for the delay. Had he told me about it I would have immediately asked Patil and Usre to submit their letters. I was also not told about the Congress proposal, which is highly improper as I am the chairman of renaming committee,\" he said.On August 24, Congress leaders submitted a proposal to NMC seeking renaming of RBI Square after Vilasrao Deshmukh. It was cleared in ten days and on Thursday NMC floated an advertisement in newspapers seeking objections on the proposal. Infuriated Dalit leaders met municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane and told him the facts. They said while their proposal had not been cleared for four months, four officials had cleared the Congress' proposal on a single day. Wardhane immediately stayed the new proposal and directed Dharampeth zone to clear the first one.The deputy mayor said, \"Warke was present in the meeting where Congress leaders had demanded renaming of RBI Square. Wardhane had just joined NMC and did not know about the first proposal. Warke should have told him about it. Moreover, he didn't seek letters from corporators in this case,\" he pointed out.Warke told TOI that he had tried his best to contact the two corporators but they were out of station during April-August. On support letters from corporators, he said \"If local corporators support the proposal then it is a good thing.\" He did not say that these were mandatory even though the Samvidhan Chowk proposal was blocked for four months due to this reason.Youth Congress (YC) leader Vinay Sahare claimed that support letters of corporators were not needed for renaming. \"When Mother Teresa was beatified in 2003, YC had submitted a proposal for renaming the road from Katol Road Square to Awasti Nagar Square as Mother Teresa Marg. It was immediately cleared by NMC administration and the general body cleared it on the tenth day. I had not attached any corporator's letter with our proposal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16317976", "title": "Season\u2019s golden words: Make it light, jeweller", "text": "CHENNAI: Jewellers are betting on lightweight jewellery to smoothen the impact of soaring gold prices ahead of Diwali festive season.Jewellers say that with economic instability and fluctuating currencies, prices are expected to go up further. \"There is a lot of instability and we have no idea how things might turn out during the festive season,\" said G R Radhakrishnan, managing director of GRT Jewellery.Gold prices hit a record high of 32,450 per 10 gm on Saturday, landing consumers who want to buy gold soon, in trouble. \"My daughter's wedding is fixed and I have to buy gold by October, but at these prices, it looks like I will have to reduce the number of items to buy,\" said a homemaker.Jewellers, however, bank on the Indian tradition to help sales even during such volatile times, and are looking at avenues to attract customers to buy gold. \"While customers are bothered about rising prices, I believe there is a hunger for gold jewellery in our country. People might postpone purchases until prices stabilise, or might buy less, but they will not desist from buying jewellery altogether,\" said Pratap Kamath of Bangalore-based Abharan Jewellers.Lightweight jewellery, hence, seems to be the answer. Rajesh Mehta, chairman of Rajesh Exports which manufactures and exports gold jewellery, said the company now gets more orders for lightweight jewellery. Companies like NAC Jewellers have now begun retailing a variety of lightweight products. \"Earlier, we only had lightweight necklaces and pendants, but now we are looking at lightweight products across the board like antiques and temple jewellery,\" said Anantha Padmanabhan, managing director of NAC Jewellers. \"We hope the government pitches in to ease the situation by slashing import duties,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16317903", "title": "'Vidarbha is ideal destination for adventure sports'", "text": "Every sport has an element of adventure. But adventure sports per se haven't gained much popularity. The definition of adventure sports is in its name, says Amol Khante the head of CAC Allrounder. He terms adventure sports as thrilling, adventurous, death defying feats accomplished with a sporty mindset. He believes in sharing the thrill of adventure sports, which require a strong mental attitude.Excerpts from an interview...Q. How would you describe adventure sports to someone who is completely unaware of it?A. Adventure means being 'out' rather than 'in'. In fact, it is engaging in 'outdoor physical activity for pleasure'. Other sports revolve around competition. But, in adventure sports, the participants always work as a team and the competition is with oneself in terms of agility, presence of mind, endurance, stamina, determination, self-belief etc, which always has a positive effect on the person. Adventure sports test your patience and people usually give up the idea of battling it out in extreme conditions. Adventure sports chisel the overall personality of an individual. They teach you to overcome fears and face challenges in life in a better manner.Q. How were you initiated into adventure sports?A. I grew up in Buldhana town which is surrounded by hills of Ajanta valley. I used to go for trekking, swimming and other activities. When I came to Nagpur for higher studies, I become an NCC cadet and actively took part in camps. Though I had pursued LLB, MPEd and BA in psychology, I always had an inclination towards adventure sports. I joined as an adventure instructor in National Adventure Foundation. My association with NAF helped me immensely. In 2005, I started CAC Allrounder.Q. Is adventure sports more dangerous than regular sports?A. Yes, they are. Every sport involves a risk of injury but, in adventure sports, we try and control the element of risk while exploring thrill and fun. Many people believe adventure sports is a stress buster and indulge in it for a feeling of rejuvenation and excitement. Different types of recreational activities provide us a much-needed break from our mundane routines. Adventure sports is not about risking life, rather it is about following the safety guidelines and being aware of the risk you are about to take, and overcome the challenge with persistence, determination and courage.Q. Who are your clients or members? How has been the response?A. Initially, CAC Allrounder focused on school students. We explored adventure activities which are being treated as personality development for students. It helps develop a team spirit besides creating comfortable atmosphere. Slowly we started getting corporate clients and revenue officials for whom we started the course of disaster management and rescue operation. Air Force personnel also visit more often for hot air ballooning course. Members of the Armed forces also enrolled themselves for the certificate parasailing course. We had also started providing certificate courses by launching Basic Adventure Training school in b both, Maitriban and Adventure Village near Ramtek.Q. How do you get qualified trainers? What's the basic requirement for a trainer and when does he become an expert?A. There are numerous training institutes in Himachal Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal and Goa that offer courses in different adventure sports including boating, river rafting, skiing, hiking, rock climbing , paragliding and high altitude trekking. We get trainers from Manali, Uttarkashi, Darjeeling, Goa etc. Masters in physical education with ample of experience fulfil the basic requirement for a trainer.Q. Specialized equipment, entry fees, protective gear... is adventure sports an expensive sport?A. Adventure sports is not a very costly affair as perceived by many. There is no entry fee and it is a very low cost outing as we maintain 'adventure is for everyone'. Trekking is free, for which we not only provide instructors but safety gears too. We charge for paragliding, water sports and parasailing, but the cost is not much. For eg, we charge Rs300 for parasailing which is worth spending for a different experience. Besides, with a view to promote sports we also provide low cost packages of Rs200 to Rs300 for school students which include transport and food.Q. What are the dangers of taking part in adventure sports? Has there been any casualty in your experience?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16322761", "title": "Fewer Indian students hit science, technology courses: UK", "text": "LONDON: The reduced number of Indian students this year has led to concerns in some British universities over the financial viability of courses and departments particularly in the subjects of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM).As universities report a drop of between 20 and 30% of Indian students in the forthcoming academic year starting later this month, the drop has caused much concern over the future of STEM courses that have been popular among postgraduate Indian students.In oral evidence presented to the Business, Innovation and Skills Committee of parliament, senior figures in higher education and industry noted the concern among vice-chancellors about the impact of less Indian students on the financial viability of STEM courses and departments.The committee, which published its report on 'Overseas Students and Net Migration' last week, recommended that Indian and other non-EU students should be removed from overall immigration figures since most of them return home after their courses.The recommendation, however, was rejected by the government keen to cut immigration from outside the EU.Nicola Dandridge, chief executive of Universities UK, which represents all universities and higher education institutions, told the committee that vice-chancellors were \"particularly concerned\" about the impact of less Indian students on STEM subjects.She said: \"I think it is too early to draw apocalyptic conclusions about the closures of departments, but the trends are not good.It is particularly apparent now, because of the reduction of Indian students - students coming from the Indian subcontinent to study STEM subjects -that is where there are already questions being asked about the sustainability of certain subjects\".She said: \"We are also seeing an actual reduction in student intake from some countries, particularly from India, particularly in the postgraduate market, and for some universities that is quite marked\".Dandridge said some universities were particularly concerned about the impact of reduction of international student numbers on specific subject areas, especially STEM, where, \"although they are manageable this year, the reductions may affect -may affect--the viability of some subjects in the future\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16317600", "title": "'Image of Vailankanni Saibinn' draws crowds", "text": "QUEPEM: The village of Dapodem in Bhati-Sanguem has turned famous overnight with a large number of people flocking to have a glimpse of some wax-like growth in the forest area resembling the image of Our Lady of Vailankanni.The image is seen on the roots of a dead tree in a remote village some 15km from Sanguem town.Forest guard Abhijeet Mishal attached to Netravalli wild life sanctuary was the first person to see the resemblance . \"I was strolling in the forest as I was on duty when I saw something shining very brightly at a distance from where I was passing by. I went near the rivulet at first, I thought it was just moss formed on the roots of a dead tree but as I went closer it was something like wax resembling Our Lady of Vailankanni. I believe in Our Lady and have seen a picture of Our Lady of Vailankanni earlier. I then clicked pictures and went to show my seniors. They came to the spot and then the news spread far and wide. I have also noticed that the image increases day by day,\" said Abhijeet.Forest watchman Dinesh Gaonkar, who accompanied Abhijeet in the forest area for the routine check, said that he was surprised to see the image of Our Lady of Vailankanni on the root of the tree.\"Being a Hindu, I will not hesitate to tell the truth what I have seen. It is like a miracle,\" he added.On hearing the news, the dean of the Sanguem church, Fr Agapito D'Cunha, along with another priest visited the spot and took stock of the situation. He said, \"If it is a natural phenomenon it will stay. As for now, it is hard to comment on this matter. I have already informed the higher authorities at the bishop's house this morning about this. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16316875", "title": "Baby dies after being flung from balcony", "text": "JAIPUR: A one-and-a-half-year-old boy, flung out by his father from the second floor of his house, died at a hospital in Rajasthan's Jodhpur on Friday after over 24 hour struggle for life.Police have arrested the accused, Hafiz, and sent him in two-day police remand.\"Hafiz and his wife Shakila, were experiencing trouble in their marriage recently and would regularly quarrel,\" said the police, adding their fights would often turn violent.Police added the couple was married for 11 years and the boy, Hanif, was their fourth child. They had three daughters as well.\"The couple was fighting on Thursday and Hafiz, in a fight of rage, picked up the boy and threw him from the balcony of their house situated in Jodhpur's Nai Sadak area,\" said the officer.Neighbours informed the police and rushed the injured boy to the hospital.\"The boy had sustained injuries on his head and other body parts. He was admitted in the Intensive Care Unit,\" said the officer, adding that Hafiz was arrested on charges of attempt to murder.\"After Hanif died, we booked him under Section 302 (murder) of IPC,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318233", "title": "First swine flu death of the season in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Swine flu claimed the life of a man in Orange City on Saturday. This is the first death caused by the infection this season in the city and the second in the region. In all, five patients have tested positive for the disease since April.The 25-year-old man, who lost his life due to H1N1 at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), was from Butibori. He was admitted to the hospital on August 30. On August 5, Deepak Tiwari from Gondia had lost his life in the city due to swine flu.\"Since April this year, we have sent 39 samples to the National Institute of Virology (NIV) at Pune. Five of them have tested positive. But this should not cause fear or panic in the people as these are episodic cases of the disease and not an epidemic,\" said Dr Arun Humne, superintendent and head of the preventive and social medicine department of GMCH.He said that people can take precautions by way of maintaining basic hygiene, getting vaccinated and staying away from public places especially the vulnerable population groups like pregnant women and the elderly.Along with the government hospitals, GMCH, Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital, five private hospitals including Hope Hospital, RG Chandak Critical Care Hospital, Wockhardt Hospital, KRIMS hospital and Orange City Hospital and Research Institute are authorized to treat patients with swine flu. Screening can be done at hospitals run by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16318673", "title": "1 more dies of H1N1", "text": "PUNE: The H1N1 virus claimed one more life in Pune on Saturday. With this, the total number of swineflu deaths since April has increased to 12 in Pune. Mayur Shah, a 29-year old man from Alandi, had been on ventilator support for more than a week. His condition deteriorated on Saturday and he died due to H1N1 pneumonitis with acute respiratory distress syndrome with refractory hypoxemia at 10.30am.Eleven persons tested positive for H1N1 virus on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16317250", "title": "TDP cadres 'cool' to Naidu's padayatra", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: TDP cadres do not seem to be overtly enthused over party chief N Chandrababu Naidu's grand plans to take up a long march in the state in the form of 'padayatra.' Although district level leaders feel that yatra will surely help revive the party's fortunes, cadres are not that sure. Notwithstanding the fact that Naidu is working overtime to improve the party's performance, the situation at the ground level is not that rosy for the TDP.Senior leaders too admit that there is an urgent need to enhance the confidence levels among the cadres before facing another election and make them believe that they are really going to win the next election. \"It is a fact that the situation has been drastically changing for the past three-four months which the party leadership did not recognise. The cadres are not that confident of the party's prospects in the next elections,\" remarked a senior legislator from the coastal region.As a result, party cadres have become less serious and not fully responding to the programmes such as agitations on various issues, he said.\"Earlier, we used to dictate even the legislators whenever there is a message from the party headquarters and direct them to carry out programmes without fail. Now, we find clear differences in the tone and tenor of party leaders' response to our calls,\" a senior party functionary, who oversees party office administration, told STOI. Such an atmosphere has also forced the party leadership not to act against even those who crossed the 'Lakshman rekha', leave alone those who did not implement the party programmes, he observed.Citing the examples of open revolt by legislators Kodali Sri Venkateswara Rao ( Nani ) of Gudivada and Chinnam Ramakotaiah of Nuzvid, another senior leader said that the party's failure to press for their disqualification for the fear of facing byelections has sent wrong signals to party cadres. \"If we are so scared of facing an election on the home turf of party's founder president N T Rama Rao at Gudivada, how can we instill confidence among the party cadres that we will romp home in the next election,\" asked an exasperated senior leader from Krishna district.Not only these leaders, the party is yet to move a disqualification petition against Venugopala Chari (Mudhole), Harishwara Reddy (Parigi) and Balanagireddi (Mantralayam), who left the party long ago.Since there is nearly 18 months to go for the next election, one thumping victory in a byelection from a constituency like Gudivada is what will really help TDP bounce back, analysed a political observer.But the TDP leadership is worried about facing elections as it had lost all the byelections held in the state since 2009 general elections. However, some leaders believe that padayatra is essential in view of the volatile situation in the party. \"It is a fact that we are going through a rough phase. This is where Naidu's padayatra will help us gain confidence of people,\" analysed former minister Kodali Sivaprasada Rao.He observed that Naidu's padayatra would give required energies to the party ahead of the next elections and make the cadres ready to reclaim power as people were completely vexed with the unruly performance of the Congress government.A sitting MP observed that Naidu should not succumb to the pressures from various sections and go populist way. Promises like nine-hour free power, free rice (PDS) and total fee-reimbursement are becoming counterproductive for us. People may like him for his disciplined administration and hence he should stick to his basics of giving clean governance, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16318465", "title": "Magnetic therapy works where pills fail in major depression", "text": "MUMBAI: Six months ago, south Mumbai-based executive Ramesh Joshi's behaviour started worrying his family. He would take two hours to finish a meal. While walking, he would suddenly freeze at a spot. He would stammer if he had to speak more than a couple of lines. The medical diagnosis \u2014 major depressive disorder \u2014 stunned his family.They were even more shocked when nine anti-depressants a day failed to help him. Finally, they sought rTMS or repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, the newest entrant in the field of depression treatment in the city. Over three weeks and 20 sessions of magnetic stimulation later, his sluggishness and diffidence almost disappeared. His daily dosage of anti-depressants was down to two. Today, the 35-year-old is back at work and speaks clearly. \"I could feel my family's shock as I took one spoonful of food every 10 minutes, but I couldn't help it,'' he said.Joshi's psychiatrist, Dr Shamsah Sonawalla, who studied rTMS during her stint in Harvard University , says the non-invasive therapy helped transform him in the shortest possible time.Sonawalla said, \"While taking down Joshi's medical history, we realized he was battling mild depression perhaps for seven to eight years. This time, he experienced psychomotor retardation (when speech and action slow down).\" But TMS transformed him in the shortest possible time, she added.Magnetic therapy made its debut in the city almost two years ago, but its clinical efficacy among Indian patients in only now getting established. Sonawalla has treated 65 people with major depression using the technique at her Trans Mag Well-Being Clinic on Peddar Road. \"Of these, 28 had treatment-resistant depression, 37 had moderate to severe major depression,\" she said. Each patient responded to the waves, but in different measures. Those who were resistant to medical treatment showed about 60% response, while persons with moderate to severe depression registered 90% improvement.The therapy, which won the US FDA approval in 2008, involves using magnetic field externally to stimulate nerve cells in the brain. \"An electromagnetic coil is placed on the scalp at a predetermined site. The rTMS device then delivers focused magnetic pulses to the brain,\" said Sonawalla, who also consults at Jaslok Hospital. The 20-minute sessions are typically held daily for 2 to 4 weeks.Anusha Namboodiri is another case in point. The 42-year-old was in between jobs, managing a household and children as a single parent because her husband worked in Dubai. \"I would start crying for the slightest reason,\" she said. It was when she started harbouring suicidal thoughts that she was brought to Trans Mag clinic. \"Within a couple of her 15-session schedule, a positive change was noticeable. She is now happy at her new job and reads for hours,\" said Sonawalla.(Names of patients changed on request)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16323935", "title": "Haryana, Punjab, SAI Bhopal and Karnataka in quarters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four goals from Mandeep Singh helped Punjab enter the quarterfinals of the 2nd Junior National Men Hockey Championship being held at the Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium in Lucknow on Thursday.Punjab, who beat Gujarat 15-0, will meet SAI Bhopal for a place in the semifianls. Skipper Satvir Singh and Talwinder Singh contributed two goals each.SAI Bhopal beat Uttarakhand 16-2 to make the quarterfinals from Pool E ahead of Maharashtra, whose 5-3 win against Tamil Nadu was not enough to take it to Friday's knockout stage.Karnataka men, too, staged a fine show to beat Jammu &amp; Kashmir 7-1 to complete the quarterfinal line-up. The winners led by 3-1 at the break. She She Gowda and Aiyappa PR Paradanda shared four goals between them.Defending champions Haryana beat Bengal 4-1 to book their berth in the round of eight. Gagandeep Singh, Gurjant Singh and Nikhil were the goal scorers for Haryana, while Rohit Thakur scored the lone goal for Bengal. Haryana will now take on Himachal Pradesh for a place in the semifinals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16325442", "title": "BJP replies to Congress's 'dog' comment on Narendra Modi, says all but dogs would follow him", "text": "BHOPAL: Elections are due in Gujarat but for the past two days the ruling BJP and Opposition Congress in Madhya Pradesh are engaged in a 'dog' fight over chief minister Narendra Modi. Constantly egged by Congress workers and the media with questions on Narendra Modi and his public contact techniques, an irate AICC general secretary and Madhya Pradesh party in-charge BK Hariprasad on Saturday snapped back with a \"dog'' metaphor which instantly made the state BJP see red.Speaking to Congress workers at a meeting of the party's block-level presidents here, Hariprasad said: \"Leave alone Congress party, our 'chaprasis' (office boys) and dogs will not follow Narendra Modi.''By Sunday morning, BJP ministers in Madhya Pradesh were out with a vengeance jeering and condemning Hariprasad for his statement against the Gujarat chief minister. Amongst them were state minister for industries and commerce Kailash Vijayavargiya, health minister Narottam Mishra and minister for culture Laxmikant Sharma.Vijayavargiya said: \"One should appreciate chief minister Narendra Modi for his honest and sincere hard work that went towards developing Gujarat. I wish I did not have to reply in BK Hariprasad's language. But the way in which Narendra Modi has developed Gujarat, everyone other than dogs will follow him.''Narottam Mishra and Laxmikant Sharma bellowed: \"There is no leader left in the Congress party. It would be commendable if they started following Narendra Modi.''Finally, it was the turn of state party president Prabhat Jha . Speaking to reporters, Jha said: \"BK Hariprasad has insulted Congress party workers by this remark. Who are these Congress dogs that he is talking about? Are they the Congress party workers? Does the Congress keep dogs as workers or workers as dogs? This is the basic difference between the Congress and the BJP. In the BJP, we call them 'dev durlabh karikarta (workers more sought after than the gods)' while in the Congress they are compared to dogs. The attack is not on Narendra Modi but on the grassroots activists of the Congress party.'' Jha said Hariprasad should apologise to his party workers.Narendra Modi, meanwhile, was nowhere close to Madhya Pradesh or its present political drama. It all started during a three-day state Congress office-bearers congregation called to chalk-out strategy for next year's assembly polls. Outside the Congress office, party posters said: \"Let us get ready to give Madhya Pradesh a better government.'' Inside it was war over Narendra Modi.On Friday, the second days of the meeting, Congress leader of opposition Ajay Singh made a comment praising Narendra Modi and his public connect policy. Modi impressed me in one way. He and his ministers visit different districts every month carrying their tiffin boxes. They blend with the common man and provide immediate solution to their problems from the ground,'' Ajay son of late Congress leader Arjun Singh said.The Congress leader praising Modi set the party office burning with inquisitive queries from both the workers and the media. Hariprasad's enraged comment added more flame to the fire. On Sunday evening, Ajay Singh denied he praised Modi. There was simply no question of my praising or even asking anyone to emulate Modi,'' he clarified. I come from a family which has opposed fascism and I cannot say anything advantageous about Modi,'' he defended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317057", "title": "Delhi likely to get heavy rain today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites enjoyed pleasant weather on Saturday as the temperature remained at near normal levels in the capital. The maximum temperature was recorded at 33.6 degree Celsius, which is normal for this time of the year, while the minimum was 24.8 degree Celsius, a degree below normal, the MeT office said.The city received 2.6 mm of rain in the last 24 hours ending at 8.30am, but there was no rain between 8.30am and 5.30pm, they said. The Weatherman has predicted a generally cloudy sky with one or two spells of rain or thundershowers on Sunday. Some part of the city may witness heavy rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16318494", "title": "'Appoint chairman of Haj committee'", "text": "JAIPUR: Muslim bodies in the state have urged the state government to immediately appoint a chairman for the Haj committee. The government had appointed members of the committee but is yet to appoint its chairman. The annual pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia is convened by the Haj committee.The absence of a chairman accounts for lack of coordination between the state Haj committee and the airlines. Glaring mistakes in documentation, poor arrangements for pilgrims are just a few of the many problems faced by the pilgrims.The role of Haj committee is to scrutinize application forms, select candidates, forward selected applications to the Central Haj committee, collect passports, train and assist pilgrims during the pilgrimage. This year, the state got a total of 5,050 applications.Yunus Shiekh, state president of the Muslim Mahasabha, a socio-religious organization, has accused the state of ignoring the plight of pilgrims. He said, \"Haj is purely a religious affair and it is disgusting to see that all the members have political leaning towards the Congress. Ideally, they should have religious clerics, scholars and social activists who can guide pilgrims.\"Syed Zulfiqar Chisthi, president of Sufi Mission Society, has asked the government to appoint chairman on the basis of sound academic qualifications besides a good track record in social service.Sources said the three main contenders for the post are Wahid Chauhan, a philanthropist who runs a school for girls in Sikar; Salim Kagzi, a senior Congress leader; and Abdul Jabbar, a Congress leader from Jodhpur.In the absence of any chairman, government has given additional charge of the committee to Shafi Qureshi.Shahid Mohammed, a member of Haj committee, who is assisting the pilgrims since past 15 years said, \"Bureaucrats do not hold the power to take bold decisions. A strong leadership is required to address these issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16318759", "title": "Cadres across parties to protest Kerala move over dam on Siruvani", "text": "COIMBATORE: Protesting Kerala's decision to build a check dam across the Siruvani in Attapady, cadres cutting across the party line plan to conduct a protest march from Annaikati in Coimbatore to Agali in Kerala, on Sunday.Speaking to reporters, Thanthai Periyar Dravida Kazhagam general secretary, K Ramkrishnan said over 2,000 activists of 30 different political parties including Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam , Communist Party of India, Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi and Kongandu Pervai, and other organisation from Coimbatore will be participating in the protest.All the cadres will gather at 9 am at Annaikatti and march towards Agali, added Ramkrishnan. \"We sought permission from Kerala police on September 5 for a day long fast at Agali and forwarded a letter to the superintendent of police, however, they refused,\" he said.Ramakrishnan said Kerala government's plan is objectionable as it would reduce the drinking water source to Coimbatore, the dam would reduce the inflow of water into Bhavani river, which would affect the irrigation needs in Coimbatore, Erode and Tirupur districts, apart from the drinking water prospects in these areas. Several farmers will be affected who are dependant on the water to irrigate their farm.Kerala which is talking for their rights to get the 4tmcft of water is not ready to accept the verdict of supreme court in Mullaperiyar case, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16332403", "title": "Fazlu gang member held in 12-year-old kidnapping case", "text": "RAJKOT: One of the accused involved in the sensational Parikh kidnapping case of 2000 was arrested by the Rajkot crime branch from New Delhi on Friday night.Acting on a tip-off, police arrested Bhogilal Darji, a member of Rehman Fazlu gang, the moment he landed in the capital from Dubai . Darji was brought to Rajkot and produced before a local court on Saturday. Police have requested the court for his 14-day remand.Bhaskar Parikh, the owner of a jewellery showroom, was kidnapped by the Dubai-based gang, which reportedly had extorted Rs 3 crore from the former's family members for his release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317158", "title": "Solar energy to illuminate 20 RWA offices", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least 20 resident welfare offices in the New Delhi district will soon be powered by the sun. A proposal has been approved for a pilot project under which porta cabins provided by the government to RWAs for office use will have rooftop solar panels. The initial planned solar capacity is 20 kW and is expected to be increased as more areas will be brought under the ambit of the project.A list of 20 locations has been identified but a final list will be prepared once feasibility of each location is confirmed. \"The project will be funded entirely under the 'My Delhi, I Care' scheme of Delhi government.RWAs had been given porta cabins but many of them were finding it hard to function without provision for power. Some have taken up independent connections but are finding it hard to pay bills. The government then stepped in with the proposal for roof-top solar panels. This is the only district in the city with such a provision,\" said Nila Mohanan, deputy commissioner, New Delhi. The project will be set up by discom Tata Power Delhi Distribution Limited (TPDDL). Its CEO and executive director Praveer Sinha said that it would be implemented within the next two to four months.\"Each porta cabin will have a 1 kW capacity system which takes the total project up to 20 kW. Each unit will be able to run at least a fan, a tubelight and a television with this much supply. If the project is successful, it will be expanded to cover more areas. The power generated through the panels will be free for the users as they will be stand alone arrangements. Each system will cost roughly Rs 1.5 lakh,\" said Sinha.Sources said that a total of Rs 1 crore has been allocated for the project though the initial expenditure would be about Rs 30 lakh. \"The remaining amount will be kept aside for the expansion of this project. Roughly 50-odd locations can be covered under this system eventually,\" said sources.Meanwhile, even though Delhi's renewable power obligation has been identified, sources said that it would take another two to three years at least for it to be implemented by the discoms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16316957", "title": "Student elections in Delhi University and Jawaharlal Nehru University poles apart", "text": "NEW DELHI: The poll dates are the same and so are the major student organizations in the fray for the Jawaharlal Nehru University Students' Union and Delhi University Students' Union elections, but this is where the commonality ends. Student movements, and the accompanying politics, are on a completely different spectrum and assume different colours in the two campuses. While in DU the fight is more about issues within the university, JNU's political movements cover issues ranging from national security to education bills.Issues like transport facilities, hostel seats, fees and students' security continue to be the talking points as arch rivals \u2014 Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and National Students' Union of India (NSUI) \u2014 gird themselves for DUSU elections.\"Basic infrastructure, including transport facilities, is not strong. We would press for more hostels in places like Dwarka where DU has land. We also need more colleges and evening shifts,\" said Amrish Ranjan Pandey, spokesman for NSUI. ABVP's vice-presidential candidate, Gaurav Choudhary, put forward similar demands, highlighting the need for new hostels and subsidization of Metro passes.Even organizations who are yet to make a mark in DU politics, such as the All India Students' Association and Chhatra Janata Dal United, are contesting the elections on issues like bus and Metro passes, remedial classes for Hindi background students, change of admission policy and 24-hour healthcare facility.Moving south, at JNU, ultra-left All India Students' Association (AISA) is upbeat. It had won all the four posts in the central panel and 14 councillor posts during the March 2012 polls, an interim arrangement after the Supreme Court lifted the stay on the elections since 2008. Meanwhile, Students' Federation of India (SFI) is rallying after facing one of the worst defeats at campus elections, and a split due to internal conflicts.AISA is raising issues like displacement in places like Koodankulam due to a nuclear power plant, treatment of minorities \u2014 especially groups who have migrated to the country after being driven out. \"We don't believe in the term 'illegal migrants'. When minorities like Rohingya Muslims are under attack, they have a legitimate right to seek refugee status. AISA has always opposed racial stereotyping,\" said Omprasad, the presidential nominee from AISA for the JNUSU elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16316929", "title": "Cycling across world's cultures", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Brett Seychell, 36, and Kimberley Kifun, 27, two gritty cyclists have already traveled 13,408 kilometers for almost one year and five months. After traveling eight countries, they are in Ahmedabad for two days with a mission to help.They are friends who embarked on a journey of a lifetime to learn to appreciate life, be responsible and be culturally sensitive. They used their life savings for this reason and are helping communities on their way, in whichever way they can. Aiding these cyclists are donors who too have wrested their faith in them and in their cause. The duo has helped slums in Kosovo open a soap factory, helped families in Sri-lanka and helped in women upliftment in Tehran in Iran.\"Charity is such a complex thing. Its not about donating money but one has to ensure to put in place a sustainable programme that can help community members and make them self reliant. It was a great learning experience,\" says Kifun. \"We are very clear with our finances. We are only using money by donors to our NGO 'The Kindness of Strangers' for the charity work while we use our personal savings on ourselves. In Ahmedabad, we felt helping schemes involving micro-finances for the needy may be a good option. We are still exploring,\" says Seychell. The duo had decided to cycle all the way from London to Melbourne in Australia where they planned to live and work for the next three or four years. \"The decision to cycle to Melbourne after resigning from our jobs was just instinctual, it just came to us and we have not regretted it till date,\" says Kifun.On their cycling experience Seychell says, \"Bicycling gives you the freedom to go into those in-between' places which pass by unnoticed if you are on a motor bike or a car. You meet people, learn from them and conjure some rich memories of people helping you on the way, encouraging you to move on. Frankly, this trip has changed our outlook on life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16323953", "title": "Punjab to take on Haryana in semis", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defending champions Haryana will take on a star-studded Punjab in the semifinal of the 2ndJunior National Men Hockey Championship being held at the Major Dhyan Chand Stadium in in Lucknow.Meanwhile, last year's finalist Odisha will compete against SAI Bhopal for a berth in the final.In the quarterfinals on Friday, Punjab thrashed MP Hockey Academy (Bhopal) 7-1 and Haryana beat Himachal Pradesh 4-1. Odisha came from behind to steal the match 2-1 from Karnataka. SAI Bhopal, secured a hard-fought 3-2 verdict against hosts Uttar Pradesh in the last match of the day.Gurjinder Singh was the top-scorer for Punjab. Akashdeep Singh, Talwinder Singh, Jaitinder Singh, Satvir Singh and Harjeet Singh scored a goal each.In another quarterfinal, Gagandeep Singh emerged as the top-scorer for Haryana with two goals. Amit Kumar and Gagandeep Singh scored one goal for Haryana while Gaganpreet Singh is the only goal-scorer for Himachal Pradesh.Odisha skipper Amit Rohidas converted penalty corners in the 48th and 59th minutes to beat back Karnataka's challenge. His rival captain Aiyappa PR Pardanda had put Karnataka ahead in the 38th minute. In another match, Affan Yousuf, Ajay Prabhakar and Neeraj were the goalscorers for SAI Bhopal while Sanjeet Singh and Arjun Yadav scored for Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16320200", "title": "Elvis Presley's bible fetches 59k pounds at auction", "text": "A bible which once belonged to Elvis Presley and that has annotations by the King of Rock and Roll himself has been sold for 59000 pounds at an auction in Great Manchester .The 1600 page religious book was given to the singer, who died on 16 August 1977 aged 42, by his Uncle Vester and Aunt Clettes for his first Christmas at his Graceland home in 1957.\"It was a really exciting atmosphere in the room, we had 300 people and there was bidding online and on the telephone across the world,\" the BBC quoted Karen Fairweather, from Omega Auctions, as saying.\"You could hear a pin drop when it sold for that price.\"There were three rival bidders on the phone and once it got over 20,000 pounds each bid was taking a while, because they each had a price in mind for the bible and they were thinking about it. There was a round of applause when the hammer went down. It was incredible,\" she said.A UK based American man, who did not want to be identified, was the winning telephone bidder.A pair of Presley's unwashed pants also went on sale at the auction in Stockport but could not be sold as bids failed to reach the reserve price of 7000 pounds.The bible was among more than 100 lots of Presley memorabilia that were to be auctioned.The items were sold on behalf of a British Elvis collector who is selling a quarter of his collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16317251", "title": "Increase in Floor Area Ratio can make housing affordable: Mayor", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon mayor and his team had a meeting with the state chief secretary, P K Chaudhery, who was in the city on Friday. During the meeting, the proposal to increase the Floor Area Ratio (FAR) was raised by the mayor.The mayor and his team say that if the proposal is okayed by the state government, housing in the city can become affordable. Not just that, it can also solve the parking problem to quite an extent.\"The present floor area ratio is one of the main reasons why property is so costly in Gurgaon. We have asked the chief secretary to increase the FAR so that those who are not able to buy houses in Gurgaon can do so,\" said Yashpal Batra, senior deputy mayor.He explained, \"At present, the FAR of a 200 square yard area is 150% of the said area. Because of this, an owner can construct only up to two and half floors. However we want that this ratio to be increased to 250% so that the owner can build up to four floors and also use the ground floor exclusively for parking purpose. Once this is done, the property rate would come down as the cost of the four floors will be divided among the owners.\"\"Moreover, if there are no flats on the ground floor and it is entirely used for parking purpose, those who are now forced to park on the street or in front of their houses can park inside the premises and the parking issue can be largely resolved. A similar thing is already under process in Delhi. We hope the state government will look into the issue and approve the proposal at the earliest, so that buying a house becomes affordable for common man.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317524", "title": "Bal Thackeray says Uddhav-Raj to join hands on common agenda", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray has stated that his son Uddhav and nephew Raj are all set to patch up their differences, in a clear indication that a Sena-MNS-BJP-RPI poll alliance is being brewed ahead of the 2014 Lok Sabha and state assembly elections.Thackeray's statement came in the course of an interview with Saamna on Saturday. Significantly, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray too hasn't summarily rejected Matoshree's peace move. \"I have nothing in my mind as of now,'' he told Arnab Goswami, political editor of Times Now, in an hour-long interview which aired on Saturday. \"This is a polite way of saying that we are still working out a peace formuIa and that the time isn't ripe to talk about it,'' said a senior MNS functionary. Striking an emotional note for which the Thackerays are well-known, Raj said in the interview that severing ties with Matoshree in 2005 was a \"very painful\" decision.Talking to Saamna, the Sena chief said the two Thackeray cousins were set to join hands on a common agenda. Chiding a section of the media for trying to sabotage the Uddhav-Raj patch-up, he said, \"There are attempts now to derail the unity process. Several mediapersons have started throwing up points on which the two brothers would probably clash. Efforts are on to trigger a quarrel between the two,'' he told the Sena mouthpiece. \"Why is the media busy making all kinds of predictions about Uddhav and Raj?'' he said.Pointing out that Raj stood up to the August 11 mob violence at Azad maidan, Thackeray said, \"Raj took out a morcha, while a day earlier, Uddhav issued a statement. What does this mean? The Thackeray dynasty took the initiative on the issue.'' He snubbed the BJP, without naming the party, for not supporting the Uddhav-Raj efforts.\"Events of the last few weeks indicate that the two cousins are indeed coming together,'' said a Sena MLA on Saturday and cited instances-reactions to the August 11 violence at Azad Maidan, stand on the Bihari migrants issue and participation of Pakistani singers in a musical reality show, and the BMC's circular to bring the Shivaji Park area under the heritage tag. \"All these issues are common to the Sena and the MNS as well,\" he pointed out. \"Neither Uddhav nor Raj have publicly slammed each other over the past few weeks,\" he reminded.Treading cautiously on the reconciliation issue, Raj told Times Now, \"The point is that political differences did exist between us. There were a lot of issues, please don't remind me of those times. The respect that existed for Balasaheb then, exists even now.''\"But Raj didn't say anything in the Times Now interview, which was a good platform to make his views known on the subject, that he doesn't want to patch up with Uddhav,'' the Sena MLA pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "16317725", "title": "Leopard found dead at Harkol village", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A dead leopard with several bite injuries was found at Harkol village in Mangaon, Raigad, on Saturday. The search operation was launched after villagers spotted an adult leopard and two cubs on Friday. \"The leopard's body was found under logs in a shed.The animal must have died nearly 10 hours back,\" said an official. The injuries on the dead animal's bodyindicate that it must have been injured fatally in a fight with another leopard . Range Forest Officer, Makarand Ghodke said 12 personnel had been deployed to trace the big cats seen by the villagers. \"The cubs and the leopard must have escaped back into the forest areas around this village. We have asked the villagers to be alert and inform the forest department if they see any wild animal again,\" said an official.-Vijay Singh, a 24-hour search operation for Forest officials found a dead leopard with several bite injuries on its body at Harkol village in Mangaon, Raigad, after a 24-hour search operation on Saturday.\"The leopard's body was found at 4pm, under a few wooden logs in a shed; however, it may have already been dead for over 10 hours,'' said a forest official at the village. A team of forest officials from Raigad had rushed to the spot on Friday afternoon, after villagers informed them that an adult leopard and two cubs were spotted there.Going by the bite and claw injuries on the leopard's face, neck and other parts, it is likely that his 1.5 years old male was fatally injured in a fierce fight with another big cat on Friday night.Range Forest Officer, Makarand Ghodke, informed mediapersons that he had deployed about 12 personnel to trace the big cats that had been seen by eyewitnesses since Friday. Children were also barred from coming out of their homes till the dead leopard was taken out.The cubs and another leopard seen have probably escaped back into the forested areas around this village. We have asked the villagers to be alert and inform the Forest department if they see any wild animal again,'' said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16321788", "title": "Govt planned to bar Twitter after exodus of northeast Indians", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the wake of panic among people from northeast in various parts of the country last month, the government was planning to block micro-blogging site Twitter in eight states as the content on it was thought to be one of the main reasons for triggering exodus.The department of electronics and IT wanted to block Twitter and asked experts how and whether it could be done, sources said.The states identified for banning Twitter included Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Assam, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh.The DEIT plan followed an advise by the Home Ministry which felt that content and photographs onTwitter contributed to the panic and exodus, the sources said.However, national security adviser M K Narayanan and Pulok Chatterjee, principal secretary to the PM, discouraged the move, they said.The PMO was of the opinion that \"water supply cannot be switched off to an entire colony just because few taps were giving bad water\", the sources said.Subsequently, a decision was taken that a review committee would be set up to keep monitoring the online content on portals like Twitter.Government had ordered blocking of 310 webpages where morphed and inflammatory contents were uploaded with the aim to incite communal passions in the country and create panic among people of northeast living in states like Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra.Against the backdrop of these developments, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh yesterday talked about misuse of internet and said the government was working on a robust cyber security structure which addresses threat management and mitigation, assurance and certification, specially building capacity and enhancing research.He underlined the need for a strategy to counter the propaganda carried out on social networking sites.At the same time, he said it needed to be ensured that any plans to counter the propaganda on Internet did not infringe upon the rights of freedom of expression of the people.He also highlighted the country's escalating vulnerability to cyber crime \"as our economy and critical infrastructure become increasingly reliant on interdependent computer networks and the internet\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16322634", "title": "South Bengal State Transport Corporation bus driver and conductor suspended for misbehaving with passengers", "text": "KOLKATA: A driver and a conductor of a South Bengal State Transport Corporation (SBSTC) bus has been suspended from duty for misbehaving with passengers. The transport department has ordered a departmental inquiry against him.Transport minister Madan Mitra said on Saturday that a SBSTC bus was scheduled to set out for Burdwan from Esplanade at 6:30pm on Friday. However, it departed two hours late around 8:30pm, as there was trouble with the AC machine.After reaching a place called Ullashpur on the highway around 9:30pm, the bus suddenly stopped and the conductor asked passengers to get off. He told them that they cannot run the bus further. An altercation occurred between the bus driver and conductor and the passengers. Among the passengers was a young college girl, a high court lawyer and some senior citizens. The passengers also allegedly had to pay Rs 100 as fare but the conductor did not give them any tickets. The agitated passengers then lodged a complaint and the transport department was informed about the matter.\"After a preliminary probe, the allegations have been found true and the driver Ardhendu Dhivar and conductor SK Dey have been suspended. A departmental inquiry has been ordered against them. Misbehaviour with passengers will not be tolerated at any cost,\" Mitra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16319145", "title": "Public Private Partnerships necessary to boost health sector, says Azad", "text": "BANGALORE: Public Private Partnerships in healthcare sector is the need of the hour to provide affordable healthcare for rural patients, said Ghulam Nabi Azad , Union minister of health and family welfare, on Saturday.\"Cancer and chronic heart diseases are the biggest threat in our country. And their treatments are costly and unaffordable . We need more hospitals and doctors to treat cancer and heart patients . I have realized that we can control the outbreak of non-communicable diseases only by increasing our resources . In the next decade, India will have a large number of doctors treating cancer and heart diseases, but till then we will need collaborations in public and private sector at national and state level,\" he said after inaugurating Dedicated Surgical Oncology Complex of HealthCare Global Hospital.Stating that private hospitals have the expertise in treating cancer patients in rural areas under PPP collaboration, he said: \"A large number of people would benefit if private doctors work under PPP model.Pilot project in 100 districtsThe health ministry has initiated a pilot project in 100 districts in the country to screen diabetes and hypertension patients under PPP model. \"But, the problem is that we are not getting enough specialists to screen cancer and heart patients,\" said Azad.\"There is no dearth of funds. But we have a deficiency of doctors in rural areas . The government has floated various initiatives to attract doctors to serve in rural areas, which didn't work out. Doctors have a mindblock against working in rural areas. About 99% of the doctors who come to the city for education does not wish to go back and serve in their home town,\" said Azad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16325318", "title": "Colleges to start students cell to tackle eve-teasing in Maharashtra", "text": "THANE: Growing incidents about harassment of girls by routine wolf-whistling, nasty comments and sometimes physical abuse by Road Romeo's has prompted the state government to start special cells to tackle the menace of eve-teasing in colleges, NCP leader and MP Supriya Sule said recently.The state government has already issued orders for creation of such cells in colleges which would comprise of students. Incidents of harassment would be reported to these cells which in turn would report the cases to the law and order machinery for effective action, Sule said at a conclave of women organized by the NPC in Thane on Friday.The rate of crime against women in Maharashtra stood at 14.2 % per one lakh of population. Although the figures may not sound alarming at the outset, most cases go unreported due to fear of social stigma. The loud cheers from among the women audience to Sule's announcement of a special cell to deal with eve-teasing was an indication about the ineffective handling of the cases by the police.It is learnt that Mumbai accounts for the highest incidents of crime against women with more than eight per cent of cases of brutal assault, rape, molestation or kidnapping and dowry deaths registered in the state capital.From 1,390 cases of crime against women registered by the Mumbai police in 2006, the figures have increased to 1,469 cases in 2010. Suburban Thane and Navi Mumbai too have shown a steady rise in cases of violence against women with Thane registering 765 cases in 2010 as against 654 in 2006 while the cops at Navi Mumbai dealt with 271 cases last year as against 174 recorded five years back.My aim is to ensure that the girls do have to have suffer the terrible trauma of eve-teasing and together we will rid the state of this social menace. The cells will start functioning from the next academic year and in the next two years the results will be there for everyone to see,'' Sule said.She added that the conclave offered her an opportunity to interact with the women and to understand issues plaguing their safety and security. Among other issues, most women complained about lack of public toilets, inadequate transport facilities and education system which is tilted in favour of the males.Sule said the NCP's Yauvati Melava will conclude at Aurangabad on September 28 after a whirlwind tour of all districts of Maharashtra. She said as part of the NCP's initiative to develop leadership qualities among women, a select few would be given training on administration and other development-related issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318228", "title": "Hookah was not lit when police raided eatery", "text": "NAGPUR: The police action on a Chhaoni-based upmarket eatery on Friday evening, after a group of BJP's young moral brigade barged into it, has raised several questions on the intention of the activists.One of the so-called activists of the saffron brigade runs a flourishing gambling den and was also kicked out of the outfit after his name had surfaced in a police case. The activist's den was raided by Hudkeshwar police around a year ago. He also has other offences against him, it is learnt.It is reliably learnt that neither the alleged customers who were nabbed nor the owners of the parlour were present when the police reached the place. \"The BJP activists had already shooed away the customers. The activists had brought some members of the media with them to capture the photographs of youngsters with a hookah that had placed on a table,\" said a police source. \"The hookah did not even have fire or smoke emanating so as to establish whether it was being lit or not,\" added the cop who had participated in the raid.Police seem to have succumbed to political pressure in conducting the raid. The protesters were alleging that the police and hookah parlors are hand in glove. Incidentally, city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay was shocked last week after spotting a pool parlour operating at Chhaoni despite his strict order against it.It is learnt that the Chhaoni eatery in question was opened by the owners to entertain some of his guests. There were some youngsters in the eating section in the rear portion who were munching some snacks when the BJP activists barged in shouting slogans. While the activists started raising slogans, the youngsters were photographed in an apparently helpless condition. They then tried to block their identities.Police said that they did not feel it was necessary to take the customers for a medical examination as is done after such raids. \"The cops did not find them smoking hookah and so we ruled out sending them for blood sampling,\" said senior police inspector Rajratna Bansod of Sadar police.He added that there was a hookah at the spot but it was not clear whether it had been used. \"We still took action against the owner Jai Khuslani under Bombay Police Act for violating the order of the police commissioner and keeping a hookah at his eatery,\" said Bansod.Khuslani was not available for comments on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16318062", "title": "Bus shelter falls on parked car", "text": "CHENNAI: It was a close shave for a 30-year-old car driver who had parked his Tata Indica in Vadapalani and gone for a bath when a bus shelter came crashing, virtually flattening the vehicle on Saturday.The owner-cum-driver of the cab, K Mahendran, said he had worked late on Friday and returned home around 4am. He parked the car under a bus shelter and went home. Within half an hour, a tree fell on the bus shelter, which in turn collapsed. The concrete pillars of the bus stop smashed the car flat. The heavy rains on Friday night had weakened the tree's base, police said.\"When I returned at 5.30am, I found the car smashed beyond recognition. I thank God for saving my life; if I was in the car, there is no way I would've survived,\" Mahendran said.The incident happened at Thirunagar in Vadapalani. Residents of the locality said the bus stand was built several years ago and gave way when the heavy tree fell on it. Police said several homeless people who usually sleep under the bus shelter were lucky that they didn't get space there since the car was parked.Mahendran said his livelihood was now affected and that it would take time before the insurance company pays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16317151", "title": "Two held for shares fraud worth 12 crore", "text": "KOLKATA: Two persons were arrested by the special cell of Kolkata Police's detective department from Howrah on Saturday on charges of fraudulently selling someone's equity shares worth Rs 12 crore. The duo was remanded in police custody.In November 2011, Gautam Ghosh, director of D Roy and Consultants, lodged a complaint with the Hare Street police station stating that his shares worth Rs 12 crore were fraudulently sold by others.During investigation, police found that the transaction was done through online transfer of shares by hacking his password. Police also came to know that his demat account used to be handled by some share trading agencies. Police then zeroed down on Police started interrogating persons who used to handle his demat accounts. Police found that two persons -Sanjib Kumar and Bibekananda Roy who used to work with the firms that handled Ghosh's shares. After quitting the firm, the duo had started running their own share trading business, police said.On Saturday, police arrested them from their Malipanchghara home in Howrah after it was detected that they managed to collect Ghosh's password and accessed his shares and finally sold them at a premium between 2005 and 2011. They were produced in court and remanded in police custody till September 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318860", "title": "Beauty @ work: Chennaiites opt for aesthetic procedures to boost their careers", "text": "S Swaminathan's weight was a cause of distress to him. Health considerations apart, the client support manager was upset by the way his colleagues and clients regarded him. \"Fat is usually associated with being lazy and you have to work really hard to prove that you are not,\" he says.A month ago, the 38-year-old opted for liposuction to remove fat. Today, he feels lighter, in body and mind. \"Colleagues admire me for doing something about my weight and clients also regard me differently,\" he says.A number of Chennaiites like Swaminathan are opting for aesthetic procedures as they feel it will not only enhance their looks but give them a boost in their workplace. \"Many people come for male breast reduction, hair transplant and liposuction,\" says Dr Karthik Ram of Chennai Plastic Surgery.His website offers a 'corporate makeover' for people who are stressed out by working \"late nights, jet setting meetings , deadlines and out of the box thinking and eating\". \"The globe is shrinking and how you look does matter. More than ever,\" it says. The package includes liposuction for a slim figure to fit into a corporate outfit, hair fall management and transplantation, botox, fillers and laser resurfacing to remove wrinkles and get a youthful look as well as skin lightening treatments.Two out of the 30 people he operates on every month are looking out for a better job. \"Men come for hair transplant as they feel that being bald makes them look older than their competitors.\"With socialising becoming an important part of work life, there is greater emphasis on looks. \"Many men come for male breast reduction as they are very embarrassed about it,\" says Dr Ram. \"For instance, they cannot wear tight western clothes or go for a swim.\"Appearance is important for people working at the front desk or in media, says Dr Jayanthy Ravindran, consultant with Apollo Cosmetic Clinic , Teynampet and Kauvery Hospital, Alwarpet. \"The pigmentation on my face made me conscious of my looks so I went for a chemical peel,\" says Smitha K (name changed), who works in the hospitality industry. \"Earlier, I felt my attractive colleagues had an edge over me and were being preferred for certain duties that involved more interaction with clients,\" says the 35-year-old.Sunken cheeks are a common problem for women. \"They go on diets and end up with sunken cheeks, so they want their faces to look fuller,\" says Dr Ravindran . Bright, glowing skin is much sought after. \"Many people, especially those in the IT sector, tend to snack often and drink a lot of coffee, which makes them prone to acne,\" she says.Most of these are day procedures, making them attractive to working professionals . And they are not scared of going under the knife. \"I know there is a certain amount of risk involved with every procedure but it has made me more confident,\" says Smitha.To attract clientele, doctors have also begun offering loans. At Chennai Plastic Surgery, clients can pay 40% of the cost and the rest in monthly installments.It is not just mid-career professionals who are looking to enhance their appearance . First-time job seekers are opting for aesthetic procedures, says Saundarya Rajesh, founder-president of AVTAR Career Creators and FLEXI Careers India. Her enterprise works on increasing women's workforce participation in India.\"We found that women who have taken a career break and want to get back to work have time on their hands to think how they would have to package themselves for the re-entry ,\" she says. Nine months ago, her company did a study of what people do to come back to work. \"That's when we found that even people in their 20s, looking for their first job, opted for these procedures.\"However, she feels that these procedures only act as a confidence booster. \"There is no credited data saying better looking people get hired. But studies show that if you have a positive self image, then the way you conduct yourself during the interview is better, which makes an impact on the employer,\" she says.Counsellor Magdalene Jeyarathnam says cosmetic procedures help people improve their self esteem. \"It makes them more confident about making public appearances,\" she says. \"But if you are competent and confident, then you need not go for these procedures to get hired.\"Doctors are also careful to counsel their patients. \"Generally they don't reveal why they need a particular procedure but we need to rule out any psychological problem behind seeking it,\" says Dr Ravindran. \"If someone thinks they can get a job, I can't guarantee it. I can only do a procedure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16332443", "title": "Nation still plagued by old issues: Bhagwat", "text": "VADODARA: Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat on Saturday called on cadres for extensive work towards nation building and organizing the society to take care of the issues that were being faced by the country even after 65 years of Independence. Bhagwat is in the city for a three-day meeting of top RSS functionaries of the country.On the sidelines of the meeting at Kayavarohan near Vadodara, Bhagwat addressed a gathering at Atladara here late on Saturday evening. Bhagwat highlighted the fact that issues of safety, unity, social harmony and economics still plagued the country. He said that in discussions with an advisor to the Union government, he was told that the country was facing a paralysis of governance.Bhagwat said the country needed a society that was willing to live and die for it. He stressed that RSS workers should build an atmosphere where each locality had a 'shakha' and work extensively in the society. Bhagwat had also mentioned the fact that while everyone was more focused on their personal and family needs and ignored the country, the fact remained that the situation of the country eventually affected them and their well-being.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16317078", "title": "Salt Lake firms may pay water tax", "text": "KOLKATA: With the cost of supplying water on the rise, the Bidhannagar Municipality is thinking of imposing water tax on all commercial establishments in Salt Lake.Civic officials met state municipal affairs and urban development minister Firhad Hakim at Writers' Buildings recently to discuss the issue. \"It had already been announced that no water tax will be imposed on residential buildings. However, the civic authorities are now planning to impose water tax on commercial establishments as they consume a huge amount of water daily and the cost of supplying water has increased a lot,\" said a senior civic official.The plan will be discussed in the next chairman-in-council meeting of the municipality.Firhad Hakim said there was no problem in the municipality collecting water tax from commercial establishments. \"Both the Kolkata Municipal Corporation and the Nabadiganta Industrial Township authorities are doing so,\" added Hakim.Over the last few years, several new commercial establishments have come up in Salt Lake. These establishments consume a huge amount of water on a daily basis. At present, the municipality receives about 4 to 5 million gallons water per day from Tallah while the rest of the required amount is pumped in by deep tubewells.But with water not being taxable, the civic body has been losing out on revenue earning opportunities.The civic officials, hence, feel that it is high time that the municipality starts collecting tax from commercial establishments since it is already reeling under funds crunch.It has been decided that the Bidhannagar municipality will receive an additional 2.5 million gallons of water from Tallah per day within the next 10 to 15 days. The municipality presently receives about 4 to 5 millions gallon water per day from Tallah and the rest required amount of water is pumped in by the deep tubewells. In this situation, officials say that it is high time that the civic body starts collecting water tax from commercial establishments, as the municipality is already reeling under funds crunch as property tax collection is yet to start off.The municipality will also install water meters to check the exact amount of water received from Tallah. The amount of water needed by Salt Lake and Sector V to meet their daily demands will also be found out.It will also be checked out as to how much water Salt Lake and Sector V exactly requires to properly meet up their daily demands. With the increased population in Salt Lake, the demand of daily water intake has grown up.\"With the number of people living in Salt Lake on the rise along with the new commercial establishments that have come up, the daily water demand has shot up to about 10 million gallons per day. At present, the civic authorities are supplying about 6 to 7 million gallons water which include both piped and tubewell water,\" said a civic official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16325630", "title": "Kids made aware of responsibilities towards parents and society", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cubs Club, Chandigarh, set up by a group of enterprising working mothers of Chandigarh to channelise kids' energies into constructive activities and help them bond with other kids, took the kids to Kartar Aasra (Orphanage and Old Age Home) near Lake Club, Chandigarh.The main aim of the event is to make kids aware of their responsibilities towards parents and society. Kids were allowed to interact with the inmates of Kartar Aasra and realize the pain and needs of this part of our society.The intention of the club was to make them happy and comfortable. The group members felt that if children do these activities at such young age, it would help them become better human beings tomorrow.The kids were told that they should be good to parents physically as well as monetarily. They were told to be kindhearted to them and serve them as they need your help, nor should one speak harshly to them, because one day everyone becomes as old as they are now.While Government has made special homes for the elderly and provide them with care they need, it is no substitute for one's own home.This activity helped children to understand the necessity of family bond. Since September 9 was Grandparents Day it was an effort to bring smile to the inmates of Kartar Aasra . During the visit, the games room was decorated for orphans with fresh supply of toys, games and stationary. Kids of the club also decorated rooms of old people with fresh beddings and provided them with few medical supplies.State Bank of India provided medical supply and bedding while Big Bazaar gave toys and games for orphans to do their bit on the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16319186", "title": "Bubble tea pops up in Bangalore", "text": "In bright pink, lavender, yellow or green, they look like glasses of fruity milk shakes. But looks can be deceptive as you take a sip. Welcome to bubble tea, in the city of bubblies. All the way from Taiwan, this tea-based drink has been introduced in Bangalore for the first time.As you sip the multicoloured tea, you will crunch into a chewy tapioca pearl (as it is called in Taiwan). That's the idea behind 'Bubble tea-Eat your drink' concept at the Pate-Paton dessert kiosks in malls across the city such as Mantri Mall and Garuda Mall. Bubble tea is a popular drink in most parts of the world. Also known as pearl tea or tapioca drink, the beverage originated in Taiwan in the early 1980s and has spread across the world with minor changes in its original form in the last three decades. \"Along with cupcakes and mousse, we wanted to offer a different kind of beverage and so tried our hands on Taiwanese tea,\" says chef Nikky Mohonot, a professional trained at Le Cordon Bleu, London.Bubble tea is a sweetened, non-alcoholic , non-aerated water-based beverage made using natural flavours, syrups that are water or cream based, black tea and tapioca balls. These large-sized dark brown tapioca pearls are boiled, drained and sweetened. Slightly wide straws are required to drink the tea owing to the tapioca pearls. So special straws have been imported from Taiwan for the purpose. The drink is priced at Rs 65 (for 300 ml) and Rs 85 (for 500 ml). \"Taiwan tea is catching on in the cosmopolitan city of Bangalore. Some of our customers have been visiting us frequently for the unique taste we offer. The flavours that are much demand are musk melon , mango strawberry, vanilla , mocha, chocolate, honey dew, banana, cucumber, water melon, lavender,\" says Atish Mohonot, co-founder of Pate-Paton . When Nikky and her family members living in Cox Town wanted to come up with a different beverage at the food joint, it was her mother-in-law who suggested bringing Taiwan tea to Bangalore. \"I have travelled across the world and seen the demand for Taiwan tea. I told my sons to introduce the same here. We made a trip to Taiwan to get more details on the same. We source our raw materials from there,\" said Kusum Mohonot. At Pate-Paton , different varieties of cakes and mousse are also on offer. The items are 100% vegetarian , free of egg free and gelatin. Soon, Pate-Paton also plans to deliver bubble tea to your doorstep, depending on the demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16318385", "title": "Music melody in Jagjit Singh's memory", "text": "PATNA: The audience was taken on a journey of melodious harmony, as the ghazals of music mogul Jagjit Singh, sung by renowned ghazal singer R D Kailey, filled the hall at Premchand Rangshala here on Saturday evening.Coming all the way from Punjab, Kailey enthralled the audience with beautiful ghazals of Singh, Mirza Galib, Sudarshan Faakar, Nawaz Deobandi and Rajinder N Rehbar, among others.The dimly-lit auditorium was as serene as the melodies themselves as music lovers revelled in their favourite tunes that included \"Baat niklegi to dur talak jayegi\", \"Aapko dekhkar dekhta reh gaya\", \"Tere Khushbu mein likhe khat mai jalata kaise\" and \"Chiththi na koi sandesh\", one of Singh's most popular tracks.Kailey was supported by Nandita Chakravarti to sing the duets. A team from Kolkata Cine Music Association, on different instruments added to Kailey's performance. It included Surochit Chakravarti on keyboard, Jyoti Sengupta on guitar, Sandeep Ganguli on violin, Somyajyoti Ghosh on flute, Dilip Mukherjee on octopad, Mongopal on dholak and Sudeepto Roy on tabla.The event was organized by Nav Jeevan Kalyan Trust (NJKT) in association with Rotary Patliputra. Anand Dwivedi of NJKT said that even after his demise, the voice of Jagjit Singh will remain etched in our memories. Also present on the occasion were Awadhesh Narayan Singh, chairman, Bihar Legislative Council, health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey, art, culture and youth affairs minister Sukhda Pandey, and Arun Kumar Sinha, MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16317348", "title": "Wakf Board denies info, fined", "text": "HYDERABAD: Yet another incident in the endless saga of incompetence involving wakf properties, the State Wakf Board may have to shell out as much as Rs 25,000 for having refused to provide information on its properties in Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy district that was demanded through an RTI application filed two years ago.The application was filed by city based scribe and RTI activist Mirza Ghani Baig on August 17 2010. His questions pertained to number of wakf properties in the two districts, the number of tenants the board has, the revenue generation and its use, selection of tenants, procedure for fixing rents, amount due to the board, and other issues related to the protection and maintenance of wakf properties. The board turned down the request replying that the information sought cannot be furnished under RTI Act. Even after appealing to the first appellant authority in the board, the information was not provided.The applicant then moved the AP Information Commission which directed the Wakf Board to appear on August 6 this year. The board through its Assistant Public Information Officer informed the commission that information cannot be provided as the request was \"not specific\" for furnishing under RTI.The commission reprimanded the board by saying that its stand was not correct and issued a show cause notice in addition to ordering payment of compensation to the appellant. A hearing was scheduled for September 7 for fixing the compensation amount but was adjourned as the board sought more time to present its stand. The applicant Baig said his objective was to bring in public domain the losses the board was incurring as the nominal rents from its properties have not been revised. tnn. \"Properties in prime locations like Pathargatti where the rent for commercial space is more than Rs 10,000 are being leased for a few hundred rupees. Near Moazzam Jahi market a national bank which occupies one of the wakf properties is also paying meager rent. Many have even defaulted in payment of nominal rent. If the board gets its act in order this will benefit the community,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16318796", "title": "Speed dome cameras at Lakshmi Mills, may reduce workload of cops", "text": "COIMBATORE: City traffic police plans to install a speed dome camera at the Lakshmi Mills Signal Junction in the city on an experimental basis. These cameras will take pictures of the traffic violators and record suspicious movement of vehicles, said police sources. Based on the outcome of the project, traffic police will take a call on whether to extend the initiative. A camera has already been installed at the junction and will begin functioning in a week.According to the police, the camera has a sensor that rotates when the signal turns red. It can take close-up snaps and alert the control room immediately. Based on the information, the police will be able to collect fines from traffic violators.\"We have installed the camera on a trial basis. The special sensor in the camera can take snaps even at night,\" said T Senthil Kumar, deputy commissioner of police, Coimbatore city.As many as 44 traffic signals have been working within the city limits. Cameras have been installed in all four directions at these signals. So far, 160 cameras have been fixed on traffic signals with the help of which police watch traffic flow on the roads from control rooms. Officials believe that the new speed dome cameras, if successful, will reduce the man power and a single camera will take care of all the four signals.\"Based on the images, we will fine traffic violators,\" said Senthil Kumar.Each camera costs Rs10 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318584", "title": "Law lessons in Haryana schoolkids from next session", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a view to create awareness among youth about their rights and to groom them as responsible citizens, Haryana State Legal Services Authority (HSLSA) will establish legal literacy clubs in schools, colleges, medical and polytechnic institutes of the state. Also, lessons on law would be introduced in all schools and colleges from next academic session.This was stated by Justice Satish Kumar Mittal, judge, Punjab and Haryana high court and executive chairman of HSLSA after laying the foundation stone of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) centre in Kaithal on Saturday.HSLSA chief said that the legal literacy clubs had already been opened by HSLSA in 1,544 schools and 171 colleges of the state and steps were being taken to open such clubs in all private schools, colleges, technical, educational and medical institutions.He said that 812 advocates were on the panel of district legal services authorities (DLSAs) and sub-divisional legal services committees (SDLSCs) and there were 2,833 para legal volunteers (PLVs) out of which about 20% were women in Haryana. Directions had been issued to DLSAs and SDLSCs to involve more women para-legal volunteers for spreading legal awareness among women and to help single women.He said that in order to reach senior citizens, missing children, single women, differently-abled persons, unorganised labourers, migrant labourers, trafficked children and child labour, about ten legal aid clinics in urban areas of each district were being established in old age homes, hospitals, Nari Niketans, offices of resident welfare associations, slum areas, industrial areas and labour colonies. He said that 530 legal aid clinics had been established in villages, primary health centres, protection officer's office, jails, courts and law colleges in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16323931", "title": "Krishna leaves for home after 'fruitful' Pak visit", "text": "LAHORE: External affairs minister S M Krishna left Lohore for home today after concluding his three-day \"fruitful\" visit to Pakistan during which the two countries made progress on people-to-people contact by inking pacts on a liberalised visa regime and cultural exchanges.Deliberations between India and Pakistan had spread over two days in Islamabad, with Krishna and Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar reviewing the last round of talks on all bilateral issues, including terrorism, Jammu and Kashmir and Siachen and chalking out the roadmap for future round of discussions. The two ministers also chaired the Joint Commission Meeting.The two countries signed pacts on a liberalised visa regime and cultural exchanges but there was no headway on New Delhi's concerns on the Mumbai terror attacks case, with Islamabad only assuring that it will bring to book the perpetrators as per its law.On the final day of his Pakistan trip, Krishna visited this country's cultural hub Lahore , where he met Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif and Governor Latif Khosa, besides visiting the historic 'Minar-e-Pakistan', and Data Darbar sufi shrine.Describing his Pakistan visit as \"fruitful\", Krishna, after reaching here, noted that the two countries had signed several agreements yesterday.\"Well, all this is going to help foster a much more cordial relationship between our two countries,\" Krishna said.\"It is my earnest desire and the desire of Dr Manmohan Singh, the Prime Minister of India, and the people of India that we would like to see a stable, peaceful, progressive Pakistan as our neighbour because that will mean quite a bit to the entire region,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16326202", "title": "Opposition leader in Karnataka assembly Siddaramaiah trains his gun on Yeddyurappa", "text": "MYSORE: With the Supreme Court ordering a CBI probe into export of illegally mined ore from Belekeri port, the opposition leader Siddaramaiah targeted former CM BS Yeddyurappa asking the central investigating agency to book the BJP leader.The portfolios of mines and geology, forest and finance were with Yeddyurappa during the period in which the apex court has asked for the CBI probe. It makes him culpable, he told reporters arguing for the CBI to name Yeddyurappa in its FIR. Referring to the SC's Friday direction to probe the export of 50.79 lakh tonnes of illegally mined ore through Belikeri in Uttara Kannada, Siddaramaiah said: \"Without Yeddyurappa's directive, it was not possible.\" According to him, the illegal export has led to loss of Rs 2,500 crore to the state's exchequer.The mines and geology and forest departments should have stopped the illegal mining while the finance department should have been alter collecting taxes at the port. Yeddyurappa is responsible for the lapse, he contended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321678", "title": "We are not used to Indian animated characters: Jugal Hansraj", "text": "...says actor turned animation filmmaker who feels that the Indian animation industry has a lot to offerBody copy: When Jugal Hansraj came out with his first animated film, Roadside Romeo, in 2008, he proved his love for animation. Talking about the Indian animation industry, Jugal says, \"It is still in the nascent stage, though since the past two years it has seen a lot of progress. There is a very niche audience for animated movies in India and here mainstream big release doesn't like non-mythological animations.\" It's only now that companies are stepping out and making good quality features. Jugal also says, \"I think it will take another 10 to 12 years before India starts making live action films though we have the capability and the talent to make high quality films.\"Animation is more popular in Hollywood because it started there almost a 100 years back with the normal films. \"They are used to animation but in India, it just started since we are not used to Indian characters being animated,\" says Jugal and adds, \"We can't compare the budgets that Hollywood has as compared to the ones we have in Bollywood. But we have done a good job so far.\"Jugal's interested in animation films started long back when he was in college and used to watch such films alone, since his friends would not give him company", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16318670", "title": "Make maximum use of employment guarantee scheme funds: Nitin Raut", "text": "PUNE: State employment guarantee scheme minister Nitin Raut on Friday said the state would give financial assistance to Pune division to tackle the drought situation. Raut told revenue officials to make maximum use of the Rs 450-crore fund granted under EGS by increasing works under the scheme.Raut was addressing a press conference in the city after assessing the drought situation in Pune, Satara and Sangli districts.Expressing disappointment over the ongoing EGS works, the minister said more works should be carried out in drought-hit areas. \"The division spent around Rs 200 crore under EGS in 2011-12. This year, the grant has been increased to Rs 450 crore, out of which 50% funds has already been utilized,\" he added.Raut said the EGS norms regarding daily wages and those pertaining to individual and public works need to be revised. EGS accounts should be opened in banks across state to avoid delay in payments.Every village has been told to prepare a five-year development plan for works worth at least Rs 40 lakh, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16317942", "title": "15-year-old commits suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Just three months after her mother immolated herself, a 15-year-old girl committed suicide, possibly after becoming a victim of eve-teasing.Std IX student Ankita Gaibole hanged herself from the ceiling hook at her Rama Nagar residence in Ajni area on Friday afternoon.Ankita's friend Shraddha Wasnik said that the two were returning from their tuition around 10am when a youth wearing a scarf came running and stopped her. He pushed her and slapped her. Before I could help, Ankita asked me to go home,\" said Shraddha.Ankita's father Manohar, a labourer, said that Ankita did not tell anyone about the incident. An average student, Ankita took the extreme step after her elder sister Ravina (18) and four-year-old brother Samya left home for school. No suicide note was found.She refused to go to school, saying that she was not well. A neighbouring woman found her hanging to the ceiling hook through the window.No suicide note was found by Ajni police, who were alerted by the residents. Shradhha, who would accompany Ankita to school and tuition, said she had never seen the youth before.Police have registered a case of an accidental death. Relatives claimed eve-teasing by the youth might have forced Ankita to kill herself. Police are yet to interrogate her friends, who would give the clue about the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16317075", "title": "Police detain Uva Azadi members", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Satellite police detained two members of Uva Azadi - an Anna Hazare support group - from Shivranjani Crossroads on Friday night. Police said they were drunk, however, the activists refuted the charge.According to police, a team led by inspector B N Chavda was on patrol when at midnight they spotted two men standing near a car at Shivrajani Crossroads. Chavda went to the men and asked them why they were standing there. During the talks, he sensed that the duo was drunk. When he was questioning them, a man came reached the spot in a car.\"The man identified himself as Manish Brahmbhatt, a member of Anna Hazare movement and a mediaperson and asked me to let the duo go. When I refused to do so, he threatened me of dire consequences and said that he has his contacts at the highest levels. I took the duo to police station and charged them with flouting prohibition rules. Brahmbhatt later apologized and left the spot,\" said Chavda.However, a press release on Saturday from Uva Azadi stated that Chavda threatened them when the volunteers told him that they had pamphlets to be distributed in Bapunagar. \"The behaviour of the police inspector was not proper with the social workers and we suspect that it might be a regular practice. We will start a campaign to create awareness about such acts,\" read the note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16318602", "title": "SP accuses BSP of land grabbing", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after Bahujan Samaj Party leader Naseemuddin Siddiqui accused the Samajwadi Party of involvement in the Rs 50,000 crore land scam in Noida during Mulayam Singh Yadav's regime, the Samajwadi Party shot back, on Saturday, accusing the previous BSP government of maliciously planning to hand over a huge chunk of land to a private group.The party, in a statement, said that the said land has now been taken back from Noida and handed over to irrigation department. SP spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said that it was Naseemuddin Siddiqui who set the practice of land grabbing during the BSP regime.\"The entire state machinery during the BSP regime was nothing more than a land grabber,\" he said, and added that the SP had been courteous enough to distribute adequate compensation to the farmers whose land has been taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16324511", "title": "Third edition of Asia's best B-school awards announced", "text": "PUNE: The third edition of Asia's best B-school awards has announced FLAME, Pune based B-school, as the winner of awards for two categories - 'Innovative leadership' and 'B-School who innovate in teaching methodology'. The awards were announced recently.The awards were presented in Singapore by World Education Congress, chief marketing officer Asia, with chief marketing officer council as its strategic partner. The ceremony was attended by academicians from across countries in Asia.FLAME has been chosen for surpassing several levels of its excellence. It has been recognised as a role model for its exemplary leadership position. The quality standard maintained by FLAME in building future leaders through leadership and innovation has been widely appreciated,'' said a spokesperson of FLAME.Recently, Prof Indira J Parikh founder-president FLAME was felicitated with the 'exemplary leader award' at the world education Congress awards and 'women of excellence' award at FICCI Ladies Organisation Awards for her leadership and contribution in the field of Education.In 2004, the foundation of the school for liberal education was laid. The Foundation for Liberal and Management Education (FLAME) has four schools - FLAME school of business, FLAME school of communication, FLAME school of liberal education, and FLAME School of performing arts. FLAME is in its sixth year and has currently 500 students on campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16317996", "title": "President reappoints Surendra Kumar Mishra as assistant solicitor general of India", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench's High Court Bar Association (HCBA) has added another feather to its cap when its former president Surendra Kumar Mishra has been reappointed as assistant solicitor general of india (SGI) by President Pranab Mukherjee for a two-year term till 2014. Earlier, HCBA member Chandrashekhar Kaptan was accorded the coveted status of senior counsel recently. An elated Mishra stated that this was his second extension on the prestigious post. He was first appointed on September 28, 2006. He stated that he will be discharging his duties as principal law officer for the union of India and various central government establishments and ministries before Bombay High Court's bench here.Mishra, who started his career under CG Madkholkar in 1980 from Nagpur District and Sessions Court, later become chairman of District Bar Association (DBA), and was the youngest to occupy post of HCBA chairman in 1996.From the last couple of years, he has been successfully discharging his duties as standing counsel of central government, and, according to records, more than 96% cases have been decided in its favour during his tenure. He is also senior standing counsel of Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) for last one decade and has passionately defended the NIT and its developmental policies including Integrated Roads Development Programme (IRDP), Gunthewari, and metro region. He is also standing counsel for Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). His reappointment as assistant SGI has been widely hailed in the city's legal circles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317638", "title": "Six months on, BMC okays 26,581-cr budget with minor changes", "text": "MUMBAI: Six months after the 2012-2013 budget was tabled by former municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar, it was passed by BMC's general body around 3.30am on Saturday morningwith a few modifications and new initiatives by the civic body.Civic chief Sitaram Kunte, in his address to the general body, said repairs of 34 bridges, an intelligence cell to prevent octroi evasion and installation of active tracker software in sonography machines to avoid sex determination tests, are some of the plans included in the budget.Barring these few additions, Kunte stuck to the budget presented by Kumar. Kunte has that the proposal to increase the honorarium for the corporators.After 38 hours of debate, spread over four days since Tuesday, the Rs 26,581-crore budget finally received the civic House approval on Saturday. Only 109 of the 227 corporators participated in the budget debate.\"BMC has decided to set up a business intelligence cell in the vigilance department to keep a tab on dealers who try to evade octroi. For octroi from railways, Maharashtra State Security Corporation personnel will be deployed at railway stations,\" Kunte said.BMC will undertake resurfacing of 34 bridges-French bridge at Gamdevi, Reay Road station bridge, Tilak bridge at Dadar and Karol bridge that is that popularly known as Elphinstone-Parel bridge, among others. Responding to the debate against sex determination,The BMC has decided to install active tracker software in all the sonography machines. The device, which is externally connected to a sonography machine, captures all video images on a machine monitor continuously. The data is stored on an online portal, which could be used as evidence in suspicious cases of sex-selective abortions.However, corporators said they were disappointed with Kunte's address. Sandip Deshpande, an MNS corporator, said that none of the points raised by the opposition were included in Kunte's speech.said, \"We had raised a lot of points from water thefts to road potholes. He didn't even touch those issues. His address wasn't satisfactory.\"After much delay and flak from the citizens and experts the civic body will soon undertake resurfacing of 34 bridges in the city. It includes like French bridge at Gamdevi, Reay Road station bridge,Tilak bridge at Dadar and Karol bridge, which is the second oldest roadover-bridge, also known as Elphinstone-Parel bridge.Responding to the debate against sex determination, the BMC has decided to install active tracker software in all the sonography machines.Activetracker is a device, which is externally connected to sonography machine and captures video images on a machine monitor continuously. The data is stored on anonline portal, which could be used as evidence in suspicious cases of sex-selective abortions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16319005", "title": "Kin assault doc, nurse over baby's death", "text": "MYSORE: Tension prevailed at Bibi Ayesha Milli Hospital on Mysore-Bangalore road near Subhash Nagar after relatives of a baby, who was brought for treatment died within minutes of arriving at the hospital, launched a protest.The protesters damaged window panes of the hospital. They also allegedly manhandled the staff and a doctor accusing them of being responsible for the death of eight-month-old Dada Hayath alias Mohammed Azan, son of Abdul Gafoor, an auto driver.A police complaint has been registered against the doctor and a nurse attached to Al-Ansaar Medical Centre in Udayagiri.Speaking to STOI Dr K Javeed Nayeem, hospital director, said that the hospital is not responsible for the death of the baby. Ifthekhar Ahmed, a consultant doctor, who was treating the baby, had summoned the baby's parents to the hospital after he developed medical complications. According to information, the baby was brought dead to the hospital, Javeed stated.Azan had breathing problems and he was being treated at Al-Ansaar Medical Centre in Udayagiri since three days. On Saturday, the baby was allegedly treated by a nurse in the absence of Dr Ifthekhar Ahmed. After the nurse administered a drug, he became unconscious. Dr Ahmed asked them to come to Bibi Ayesha Milli Hospital. Within minutes of being brought to the hospital, Azan was declared dead.Azan's body was handed over to his parents after an autopsy at JSS medical college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16316950", "title": "Cops detain Congress workers at Swamy function", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police detained 17 members of Women Congress and National Students Union of India (NSUI) near HK Arts College on Ashram Road while they tried to ambush Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy. He was in the city for a lecture organized by a city-based institute.A press release issued by the city Congress stated that members of the women and youth wingshad tried to question Swamy about corruption in the state as he had started a drive against the central government on the basis of CAG reports. \"We tried to ask him if he knew about the sops being provided to major industries, rampant corruption and unemployment in Gujarat,\" the release said. \"We also tried to tell him about the condition of farmers and women in the state. However, we were stopped by police and detained.\"P M Sarvaiya, inspector of Navrangpura police station, said that police had detained 15 women and two youths at 5.30 pm and had released them at 7 pm after the function ended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16318891", "title": "PM\u2019s Pak trip hinges on progress in 26/11 probe", "text": "ISLAMABAD: India made it clear that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Pakistan is unlikely to materialize without progress on Mumbai 26/11, despite foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar making a strong pitch for progress on disputes like Kashmir, Siachen and Sir Creek and impatience in Islamabad over \"conditionalities\" attached to Singh's travel plans.Khar turned a joint briefing with Krishna into an extempore political speech saying \"it takes two to tango...the two have tangoed\" calling for a new approach to bilateral ties that could be read as \"move on\" message to India on 26/11. \"When we speak of what is doable, it is about political will. There can be points of convergence on J&K;, Siachen and Sir Creek. Aspirations of the Kashmiri people must be associated in the dialogue,\" she said.Despite the powerful pitch, Krishna repeated the Indian insistence that for the PM's visit to materialize there has to be an assurance that it will be worth its while and that the \"right atmosphere\" prevailed. He was not swayed by the \"move on\" theme either. Speaking to Indian media a little later, he was emphatic that India was not going to drop its demand for action against 26/11 masterminds as the pre-condition for PM's visit. \"Perpetrators of this heinous crime against Mumbai and India must be brought to justice. India is not going back on that. Pakistan must follow on this.\"Making it clear that hard-nosed considerations, mood enhancers notwithstanding, will prevail before Singh makes a trip across the border. \"As you know the PM's schedule is fixed much in advance,\" he said in response to the view that Pakistani leaders visit India at much less provocation.Referring to Khars pointers to J&K;, Sir Creek and Siachen, Krishna said, \"These issues cannot be pushed aside. But there is a step by step approach. I had said the same two years ago (when a bilateral summit collapsed on Pakistan's insistence of Kashmir) and this has now been recognized as rational by the Pakistan leadership.\"Official sources made it evident that 26/11 is pretty much central to Singh visiting Pakistan and India is looking for other takeaways such as Sir Creek as well. Impatience in Pakistani establishment on the PM's visit will not expedite Singh's plans.Khar sough to outline a persuasive picture of Pakistan's desire not be \"held hostage to history\" and said a visa agreement to ease travel is \"a first, big step\" in normalizing relations. Khar has been emphasizing that Pakistan will be \"pro-active\" in pushing ties and it is for India to step up the pace of its response.The suggestion that India has \"hardened\" its position was put across in a question to Krishna who was asked if ties are conditional to progress in the Mumbai attack investigation in Pakistan. Krishna took the opportunity to stress that a step by step approach will work and emphasized that a \"four-hour meeting will not solve the problems.\"The Indian leader's staid style was in contrast with Khar's nimble play of words, but Krishna told a Pakistani journalist that \"These issues have been bugging us for six decades.\" He said the PM is not shying away from coming to Pakistan but will take a decision when he is right and ready.The Pakistani minister met a question on atrocities against Pakistani Hindus by saying that laws are in place to encourage minorities, including a representation in the civil services and then made a reference to problems she said Muslims were facing in India. \"Society will build walls rather than laws. There are instances about Muslims in your country,\" she said.Khar placed Pakistan's bid to step on the gas and push the Mumbai attacks onto the backburner in the context the need to silence critics of the peace process. She said failure to move ahead on J&K; will strengthen cynics and naysayers. \"We will not brood on divergences. What has happened is history. The future is the way forward,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16317208", "title": "Ex-banker held for maligning boss", "text": "KOLKATA: A former banker, Tuhindra Bhattacharjee, was arrested on Saturday for maligning his lady boss. He was produced in court and remanded in police custody. Upset over losing his job, Tuhindra allegedly wrote his boss's name, phone number and address under an obscene picture of another woman and circulated it on the internet. On the basis of the complaint filed by the bank's Patuli branch manager, police of the cyber crime department traced the IP address of the computer from where the pictures were uploaded and nabbed Tuhindra.On the basis of the complaint filed by the manager of the bank's Patuli branch, the cyber crime police station swung into action. They traced the IP address of the computer from where the obscene pictures were uploaded. Police traced the computer and arrested its owner Tuhindra.During interrogation, Tuhindra confessed that because of bad performance, Tuhindra lost his job in the bank. Tuhindra thought that his lady boss had a hand in his removal. So, out of vengeance, he did it to malign his boss. He was produced in court and remanded in police custody till September 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317854", "title": "Report on caste bias in midday meal stirs row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pointing out caste discrimination in Mid-Day Meal (MDM) scheme could land a monitoring institution in trouble. War of words has started between the HRD ministry and MP Institute of Social Sciences (MPISS) over the latter's report of widespread caste discrimination in the scheme in Madhya Pradesh.After MPISS's report, the ministry had sent a central team to verify claims of discrimination. The central team, the ministry claims, did not find any case of social discrimination. Pointing out several anomalies with MPISS report, the ministry not only sought explanation from MPISS director Sandeep Joshi but also threatened the institute that it could be blacklisted. Ministry official told Joshi that due diligence were not followed by MPISS while preparing the report on functioning of MDM in MP.Joshi in a strong rebuttal has told the ministry that MPISS's \"observations are fact based\" and \"result of detailed discussions and minute observations/monitoring\". He told the ministry that \"social equity issues are sensitive and without being convinced of such practice in a school our research staff never comments on such issues\". Joshi also maintains that all the data and observation on MDM is collected using a structured schedule. He also pointed out that data is shared with school headmaster who signs and puts his seal on it. Joshi has promised the ministry to send the documents to substantiate his claim.Reacting to the ministry's allegation that MPISS team did not visit many schools, Joshi has said before his team goes to any school prior information is sent to the commissioner, Rajya Shiksha Kendra, Bhopal , and MDM directorate. Only after district authorities are informed, team visits schools. He said team is accompanied by officials of block resource centres. MPISS has also disputed the ministry's claim that observations were not put in the school register. Joshi said, \"Independent monitoring agencies never make any entry in the school records.\" He reminded the ministry official that earlier the ministry itself had said monitoring agencies are not required to write their observations. Joshi also denied that draft report of MPISS observations were not sent to MP government. He said reports are sent regularly, state never sends its comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16326656", "title": "Rampant price rigging and cartels in key agricultural commodities: Assocham", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Industry body Assocham has pointed to un-noticed price rigging manipulation and cartelization in five important agri commodities, including guar seeds, turmeric, Black Pepper, soya beans and barley. Assocham in a study 'An Empirical analysis of Futures price and trading behaviour of select agri commodities in India\" released on Sunday called for urgent passing Forward Contract Regulation Amendment (FCRA) Bill, 2010.\"The trade positions for each of the five agricultural commodities including Guar Seeds, and Gaur Gum, must be examined to check for possible insider trading on the NCDEX terminals. The data analysis points towards price determination by a cartel, which might be hoarding and influencing the markets,\" the study said.The study pointed out that \"there is a possibility that cartels of speculative traders are moving from one market to the other indulging in price rigging/manipulation, which needs to be thoroughly examined.\"In the year 2011-12, the cartel did extensive price rigging/manipulation in Guar gum/ taking their per kg prices from Rs 30 to Rs 300 and Rs 75 to Rs 900, study said.The study suggested that there is a need to take such exploitation seriously in agriculture commodities by filing cases under various laws of India including under competition commission of India. It said that such cartel must be put to pay exemplary cost and penalty for a crime against the nation by manipulating and increasing the prices of agriculture commodities.Assocham said that government should pass at the earliest the FCRA bill, which will provide administrative and financial autonomy to the Forwards Market Commission (FMC) and accord adequate powers to regulate commodity markets. It will also provide for \"penalizing any insider trading, cartels and price manipulation,\" the study said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16318495", "title": "Engg student held for robbery in Jaipur, search on for another", "text": "JAIPUR: Police on Saturday arrested one of the two engineering students accused of barging into a house in RIICO residential colony in Sitapura on August 31, injuring a woman after stealing some gold and other items.Commissioner of police, BL Soni, said one of the accused, Abhishek Tyagi, had recently passed out from Poornima engineering college and the other accused Abhinav Agrawal was a BE final year student at JNIT college.The duo before fleeing had left a carton box in front of the house. The box proved to be an important lead for the police in nabbing one of the accused, Abhinav Agrawal.\"Abhishek and Abhinav had some friends living as tenants in one Renu Kejriwal's house. Their friend used to tell the duo that Renu had a lot of money and gold. So, the two youths hatched a plan of robbery at Renu's house,\" said Soni.He said Abhinav went to Renu's house on August 31 posing as a courier man. \"When Renu opened the door to accept the parcel, Abhinav suddenly attacked her and overpowered her. He hit her on the head,\" said the officer.\"Abhinav stole a gold chain, earrings and some other valuables while Abhishek was waiting outside the house. Both escaped on a bike. However, the carton box was left behind,\" said the officer.Soni said the box bore the name of a firm, Soft Tech, based in Gwalior. \"A police team was rushed there. We came to know from the company that the computer with the serial number mentioned on the carton box had been sold to Nemichand and Sons in Dholpur. When the team questioned the Dholpur shopowner, he said that Abhinav Agrawal had bought that particular computer which helped nab the accused,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16317021", "title": "Jewellery, cash worth 11.10 lakh stolen in Khadia", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Burglars targeted a parked scooter belonging to a jeweler and stole his gold and silver jewellery and cash worth Rs 11.10 lakh at Mandvi ni pol in Khadia on Friday evening.Police identified the victim as Dinesh Soni, a resident of Rajkamal Park, Naranpura, who owns a jewellery shop in Chandla ni Pol near Manek Chowk. In his complaint, Soni said after shutting his shop he put all his shop jewellery and cash in the glove box of his two-wheeler.\"At 7.50 pm he parked his vehicle at Mandvi ni pol to buy vegetables. Upon his returned he found the glove box opened and valuables stolen. He claimes that the thieves had a duplicate key to the box,\" said a Khadia police official, adding that it might be handiwork of an insider.In another incident, a private firm employee lost bag containing Rs 66,000 from Sarangpur. Complainant Tarachand Prajapati, a resident of Khodiarnagar, Odhav, said he had withdrawn money from his firm's account and was going towards Kalupur. At 7 pm, he parked his bicycle at Munishi Chambers in Sarangpur. When he returned he found his bag stolen. \"We suspect involvement of bikers in both the incidents due to the similar modus operandi. We've intensified patrolling in Kalupur and Khadia areas,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16317632", "title": "All-party scam responsible for illegal mining: Vijai Sardesai", "text": "MARGAO: Independent MLA Vijai Sardesai has alleged that an 'all-party' scam was responsible for illegal mining in Goa and that there was a need of a regional party to protect interests of locals.Sardesai demanded that the proposed mining policy be withheld or withdrawn in view of the new developments. \"The Shah commission makes the damning revelation that illegal mining was allowed from 2000 onwards. Who was the chief minister then?\" he asked.Sardesai added that the report exposed the blatant lie of the chief minister's statement in the assembly that there was no illegal mining in Goa. \"The Shah commission has suggested exemplary punishment for wrongdoers and that market value of illegally extracted material to be levied as fines and recovered for them. This should happen immediately,\" said Sardesai.Sardesai further mocked the health minister for making statements that an FIR should be filed and pointed out that nothing was stopping the government from doing their work all this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16322942", "title": "SVSC music launch in November", "text": "Now that actress Samantha has recovered from her illness the unit of the Venkatesh-Mahesh Babu starrer Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu (SVSC) is all set to start a new schedule from September 17. About fifty percent of the film's shooting has been completed and the film's unit is looking to wrap up the rest of shooting by end of November says a source close to producer Anil Sunkara.Apparently the filmmakers are planning to have a grand audio release in November itself. It is learnt that producer Anil Sunkara is planning to organise a lavish audio launch in Tirupati. Mickey J Meyer is composing the music for the film. Buzz has it that the young music director has done a fabulous job of it.Srikanth Addala is directing the movie billed as a family drama that revolves around two brothers played by Mahesh and Venkatesh. Anjali and Samantha are paired opposite Venky and Mahesh respectively. There is a tremendous amount of enthusiasm surrounding the film and the filmmakers are confident that it will turn out to be a new milestone in Telugu cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321883", "title": "Aam junta likes the attention of stars: Kamaal R Khan", "text": "...says actor Kamaal R Khan who is active on Twitter and minces no words when it comes to criticizing celebritiesThe moment one hears Kamaal R Khan's name a ringer goes off reminding one, of the obnoxious, rude and incorrigible man that he is. The actor who catapulted to fame after his stint in the Big Boss house is perhaps one of the most notorious names on Twitter today who picks on celebrities with his offensive tweets .Quiz him if he is ever attacked on Twitter and Kamaal says, \"Of course they attack me! Because aam jantaa always like attention of stars and waise bhi my tweets are always with mirch masala .\" But why is it that Kamaal himself criticizes so many people on the microblogging website? To which he says, \"I am here for action, not to see reaction of people so I always speak the truth. I do not criticize anybody but it end up looking like that.\" He also adds, \"I don't get paid for it but I always like to do something toofani and so I do it.\"So does Twitter act an attention garnering tool for him? \"I do not want to lie even to my friends and always write whatever is correct,\" says Kamaal and adds, \"People don't agree with me because most people don't like to hear the truth and that's perfectly fine with me. There are instances when they block me too!\"\"I haven't done a film in a long time and my tweets keep me in news which works well for me and also, it is a good platform to say about anything - whatever you feel and think,\" says the actor. over renaming Perry Cross Residents say rechristening of roads interferes with preservation of local heritage", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16316815", "title": "FSI hike likely in Deolali cantonment area: Board", "text": "NASHIK: The Deolali cantonment board is in the process of outlining plans for the proposal of a hike in the floor space index (FSI) of the Deolali cantonment area from 0.5 to 1.The Deolali cantonment area has, so far, been strictly following regulations which permit FSI of 0.5.Board officials are now endeavouring to get the nod for an additional 0.5 hike for residential areas and an increase of 2 for commercial projects and essential establishments such as hospitals.While residential areas may see rise of 0.5, constructions of commercial buildings and other essential services like hospitals to a maximum FSI of 2.Informing more in this regard, Brigadier Shammi Sabharwal, president of the Deolali Cantonment Board, said \"Considering the rising population in the Deolali cantonment area and the concurrent space crunchalso the crunch of land being observed, we are contemplating increasing FSI in the near futureEfforts in this regard are underway,\" said brigadier Shammi Sabharwal, president of the Deolali cantonment board. Brigadier Sabharwal, however, added that the increased FSIwould not be all across the cantonment area; it would only be permitted for in specific pockets occupied by markets and hospitals. Increased FSI is necessary for hospitals and market areas considering the rise in population and the crunch of land. For residential areas the FSI, will however not be more than one and for commercial and other essential areas, it won't be over two, he added.While a majority of residents in the cantonment area occupy independent houses or bungalows, the board's FSI restrictions have prevented them from further construction thus far. prevented them for constructing The demand of increase in the FSI has been since long in Deolali as a maximum people in Deolali have independent houses or bungalows, but are not able to take additional construction due to the constraints of the Cantonment Board rules related to FSI.Meanwhile, the board is now also he Deolali Cantonment Board is also proposing to ask for a grant of Rs 150 crore under the Centre's central government's Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), for infrastructural related work in the Cantonment area such as road construction, electricity supply and provision of water . . under which roads would be improved, electricity will be provided in areas that are not covered and the issue of water shortage can also be taken care of.There plans are also in theworks to install energy saving devices in the area. in the cantonment board area.Officials informed though they may not get the entire amount they have demanded under the JNNURM, the amount that is finally sanctioned would at least set the things related to various developmental works rolling.Sabharwal added that the board further said that the board also intended to create a Sunday market complex, provided funds are cleared under JNNURM. need huge funds, which also depends on the clearance under JNNURM.Plans are also on to render the cantonment area polythene-free as well.Meanwhile, another ambitious project of the new president of the Deolali Cantonment Board is making Deolali polythene free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317037", "title": "6 arrested for circulating fake currency", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six members of a gang have been arrested for possessing and circulating fake Indian currency notes (FICN) in the capital. The gang would use women to distribute the fake currency and had been operating for the past three months.The accused, Ayub Miyan (33), Srikant (23), Sabira Khatoon (30), Munni Khatoon (30), Noor Nisa (30) and Asma Khatoon (40), are residents of east Champaran in Bihar. Counterfeit notes of Rs 1, 92, 500 (in the denomination of Rs.1,000 and Rs 500) face value have been seized from them.\"A tip-off was received on August 6 that two members of a gang, involved in circulating counterfeit notes in the city, would come to Kapashera bus stand,\" said DCP (crime) Sanjay Jain. Shakeel was the mastermind of the gang and he would get the fake notes from one Mehfooze in Bihar. He would give the notes to women gang members, who would board trains to Delhi.Ayub Mian, living in Kapashera area, looked after the circulation of FICN in the capital and also managed accommodation for the gang members.\"The accused were given FICN in the denomination of Rs 1,000 or 500 and asked to purchase articles for Rs 100 so that the shopkeeper would return the maximum amount. The gang members were given a commission of 20% and the rest was deposited in a bank,\" said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16316991", "title": "Poor pitch forces Irani Trophy out of Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: In another case of poor pitch maintenance, the Irani Trophy is all set to move out of Jaipur because of unsuitable ground conditions. BCCI's pitches and grounds committee chairman Venkat Sundaram, after inspecting the Sawai Mansingh Stadium ground on Saturday morning, declared that the pitch was so unfit for play it would take around 4-6 weeks to get ready for cricket.The Irani Trophy is scheduled to begin on September 21. Nagpur, Indore and Vadodara are the three options available as alternate venues. Officials in Nagpur hinted that they have been approached by the BCCI to hold the Irani Trophy but they are yet to take a call since it has been raining in Nagpur for the past four days.An ego tussle between the Rajasthan State Sports Council - who are 'owners' of the stadium - and the Rajasthan Cricket Association led to this situation at the SMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16319112", "title": "Helpline for depressed", "text": "There's help at hand for those feeling depressed. Sampurna Montfort College, a counselling institute, will launch a 24/7 hotline (080) 25285555 to mark World Suicide Prevention Day on Monday. It's a free service, keeping in mind the high suicide rate. The calls will be handled by a team of professional counsellors along with well-trained volunteers. The college will allow face-to-face counselling on its campus. Bangalore reported 1,717 suicides in 2011.The aim of the hotline is to cater to the needs of those in distress, thereby preventing suicides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16323161", "title": "Anil Sharma is back in action with a six-film deal", "text": "He is known for his robust patriotic flavour and director Anil Sharma who has given more than twelve hit films till now is finally a busy man now a days .He has just signed six films deal with C G Patel of White House Productions limited .They have made two films earlier. Anil Sharma confirmed the news of signing.The official announcement will happen later in September. The director who went missing from the radar is back in action and was delighted to don his director's cap once again. In 2003, Anil tried to repeat the success of Gadar , and teamed up with Sunny De ol, forThe Hero: Love Story of a Spy featuring Preity Zinta and the then newbie Priyanka Chopra. The film, at its time, was considered to be the most expensive film ever made in Btown with the biggest film budget ever.The film went on to be the third highest grosser of the year.However, it did not cover its high costs, and flopped.Known for his proximity with the Deol camp, he made a comeback of sorts with Apne, which failed to give an impetus to the flagging career of Deol brothers.Though the film made money overseas, it was lauded in India for its perfect timing bringing the family back on frame together. Later, he was in the spotlight again for", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16317728", "title": "First-ever changing rooms at Baga to be ready by October", "text": "CALANGUTE: The first-ever changing rooms at Baga, work on which is currently going on, are expected to be ready before October-end.There will be six changing rooms, three for gents and three for ladies, besides 10 toilets, five each for men and women, and six urinals.Speaking to STOI, Calangute MLA Michael Lobo said that the work is on in full-swing on the changing rooms-cum-toilet complex, close to the existing sulabh sauchalay at the end of the Baga road.\"It will be a big relief for tourists who have no place to change their clothes after enjoying an outing on the beach,\" he said.The project, on land belonging to the tourism department, has been undertaken by the Calangute village panchayat.Because of a funds crunch and urgent need for the changing rooms, work is being funded through donations from leading resorts. The total cost is around 55-lakh.According to Lobo, the work tenders for similar changing rooms-cum-toilet complexes at the entrance of Calangue beach and at the end of Holiday street in Candolim, are expected to be issued next week.The complex at Calangute will be next to the Tourist residency on the beach, while at Candolim it will be on land belonging to thetourism department. Both these will be funded by the tourism department. All the changing rooms and toilets will be contracted out to private operators, he said.Lobo said that he has also proposed a similar complex at the Sinquerim jetty for the benefit of visitors who come there in large numbers for the water sports and cruise boat rides. Land for this has still to be identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16318492", "title": "Twin murder of children: Accused surrenders in court", "text": "JAIPUR: A man, wanted in the brutal murder of two children in Nahargarh area on August 14, surrendered before a court in the city on Friday.The blood-stained bodies of two children, Shubhpratap Singh (13) and Deepshikha (11), were found on a bed in their house near Gaitore Ki Chhatriyan on August 14. Their father, Manjit Singh, was stunned to see the bodies after reaching home in the afternoon. Raising an alarm, he immediately informed the police.Preliminary investigations suggested that one Vijay Singh , who was known to Manjit (father of the kids) was behind the murder since he went missing after the incident. The father also had suspected Vijay Singh's involvement, said police.Based on the information collected by police through neighbours, it was found that Vijay was highly alcoholic and his habit was resisted by the kids. Some days ago, he had even slapped one of the kids when the later asked him not to booze. Singh had allegedly barged into their house in the absence of their parents and brutally killed them. The victims sustained serious injuries on the abdomen and neck. They were stabbed by some sharp-edged weapons.\"We had sent teams to several places including Ajmer, Ahmedabad, Pune and his native place in Bihar. We had been constantly keeping a watch on his possible whereabouts. Singh then surrendered before a court on Friday,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16316847", "title": "Mahipalpur hunts for Rs 2cr missing road", "text": "NEW DELHI: Residents of two blocks of Mahipalpur are on an unusual mission these days. They are looking for nine kilometres of road said to have been constructed in their area between 2006 and 2009 at a total cost of about Rs 2.3 crore. The job was undertaken by the government's very own DSIIDC (Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation). Having failed to trace these roads, they went to the Lokayukta last week, claiming that no such work had taken place in their area in the past 10 years.Last Wednesday, when TOI did a reality check in the lanes of J and K blocks, accompanied by DSIIDC's junior engineer Krishan Sharma, who was in charge of the work, it became evident why the residents were angry. In the entire area, just one road - barely 500 metres long - appeared to be in good shape. Most lanes were in an extremely bad condition with huge potholes. Some lanes had no signs of a road, with even the JE saying that they were probably left out.\"Maybe the quality of the roads made was not good and hence these (which were claimed to have been constructed in 2009) have got damaged and our work is not visible now,\" was Sharma's sheepish reply when the residents confronted him. He said that the average life of even the most inferior quality roads constructed by them was between 3 and 5 years.\"Either the residents or some civic agency must have dug up the roads, leaving them in such bad condition. Also, in 2009 the forest department made some objections because of which we could not maintain these roads,\" he added.Mahipalpur RWA secretary Col (Retd) Devinder Kumar Sehrawat, however, claimed that it was only in 2008, just before the assembly elections, that a negligible part of the work was initiated with the agency dumping bitumen in two lanes but no road was fully constructed.\"We have documents to prove that all the money has been siphoned of by the officials, politicians and construction companies in connivance with each other. Most residents are willing to testify the same and hence we have moved the Lokayukt,\" he alleged.DSIIDC documents procured by the area residents to corroborate their claim show the construction work in L block of Mahipalpur in progress as late as August 2009 and names area MLA Satya Prakash Rana. But Rana, a BJP MLA, said he never sanctioned any such work and passed the buck on to former MLA Vijay Lochav of the Congress. \"I am not aware of any work pertaining to construction of roads being done in L and K blocks of Mahipalpur during my tenure. I have never been part of it and this is between DSIIDC and the ex-MLA,\" said Rana.Lochav, in turn, told TOI that the work only started during his tenure and then Rana came to power in 2008. \"Rana should have checked whether the work was honestly executed by DSIIDC engineers or not. I did start the work as confirmed by the residents but soon lost the seat to Rana. There is a possibility that the officers involved must have played some mischief and claimed money without completing the work,\" he added.Amid this shifting of blame, it's the area residents who continue to suffer. Heavy rain has turned the potholes into drains making it difficult for residents to walk. \"In the past eight years, I have never seen any improvement in the condition of these roads,\" said an elderly area resident, who did not wish to be quoted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16316979", "title": "Who says joint families can't survive?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Traditional pol houses of Ahmedabad were mostly designed for joint families and their many individuals living under one roof, not for individualistic nuclear families. These houses bred a unique ethos and architectural heritage. A testimony to this is the Patel family's home in Moti Hamam ni Pol.At the otla, you can pause to admire the facade of this three-storey house, its ornate teak brackets, the array of upper floor windows and the elaborately carved main door, always open to welcome visitors.\"The house was built by our great-great grandfather, who came to British-occupied Ahmedabad from Sihor in Bhavnagar, to work as a contractor,\" says Shirish Patel. \"In the 2005, modern amenities were built in for our growing families, besides restoring old woodwork. My family occupies the ground floor, while my brother's family lives on the first floor.\"The terrace houses rooms now used as home stays for tourists who wish to experience the walled city.The heart of the house is the chowk - the open-to-sky internal courtyard - which cuts through the three floors. The ground level houses the dining, kitchen, puja areas, all open up to the chowk. \"The inner rooms are our retreats, but the chowk is the favourite place for all members of the family,\" says Bimal's teenaged daughter.With the baithak on the first floor overlooking the chowk and the rooms on the upper floors opening into it, there is a free flow of conversations and interactions within the family as well as the guests.The chowk is built over a 16-foot-deep underground water tank, another traditional feature of pol houses. The ornate teak brackets supporting the upper balconies, old cupboards with carvings, small wooden stands and niches in the wall done with excellent craftsmanship to keep the diyas, the stellar mosaic flooring, the175-years-old jhoola - all reminisce a bygone era. This was the first heritage project to be granted loan from HUDCO.Awarded as one of the best heritage buildings by Gujarat Institute of Housing and Estate Development ( GIHED), the credit goes to the family's commitment towards upkeep of the house. \"Our mother often tells us stories of Sardar Patel and other freedom fighters visiting the house. The tales attach us emotionally to the house and values of our ancestors,\" says Shirish. \"It is a heritage they have entrusted in our hands and we should preserve it.\"The Aha Moment!The tradition of mosaic flooring came in with Islamic rulers. It emulates the Persian tradition of carpets or 'farsh', which itself was an abstraction of the paradise garden. Various rooms of the Patel house boasts of stellar mosaic flooring in red and yellow sandstone, marble, granite and kudappah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16319182", "title": "Spooked, Seena\u2019s men surrender", "text": "Bettanagere Seena's encounter death has sent panic spirals through the underworld.After BH Srinivasa, alias Bettanagere Seena, was gunned down by a police team at Syndicate Colony near Tavarekere early on Friday, his associates and even those remotely connected to Seena are making a beeline to Nelamangala police station.\"After Seena, main accused in the murder of BEML Krishnappa in July near Nelamangala , was shot dead, his gang members are in a state of shock. They wanted to surrender as they didn't want police chasing them and chances of encounters ,\" said a police officer.Bangalore Rural SP D Prakash said that five more persons from Seena's gang surrendered before police. Prominent among them and main conspirator Jakkanahalli Manja, 32, surrendered on Friday night, while four more - Kumar, 29, of Chikmagalur , Narasimha and Shivakumar , local autorickshaw drivers, and Amjad of Nelamangala -- surrendered on Saturday , he said.\"The bloodbath by the local underworld in Nelamangala is linked to real estate deals around the area. Many property agents, both local and from Bangalore city, were involved with Seena,\" said a police officer.SP Prakash said there was a need to crack down continuously on the underworld in Nelamangala . In this area, which has seen a sudden leap in land value , the real estate business is controlled by the underworld.Police here have netted at least 28 of Seena's associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318923", "title": "Burban beats boom in Britain", "text": "Young British-Asian artists are reinventing UK's music scene with the brown urban movement that reflects their mixed influences.As a child, Shizzio spent his summer holidays in Pakistan . Being British Asian, his Pakistani culture has had a strong influence on his upbringing. Musically, however, he grew up listening to Snoop Dogg , American hip-hop group NWA and rap - not Bollywood or bhangra. So, when it came to making his own music, he considers himself to be a brown artist who makes urban music with influences from his Asian roots reflecting in his lyrics and sound.Last year, in an attempt to unify other Asian urban artists like himself, he introduced the term 'burban' at the Brit Asia Awards in London . The phrase -which quite simply stands for 'brown urban' - was born on October 1st last year. The movement is supported by UK-based Asian artists in the hip-hop /rap and R&B; genres like RKZ, Raxstar and Swami Baracus among others.Shizzio defines burban as \"creating something that is our own. It's about representing artists that come through Asian environments, or those that have Asian heritage.\"He adds that as an Asian artist, it's difficult to get record deals if you do anything other than bhangra. \"Many Asians were ashamed to do hip-hop and R&B; because it was never seen as a cool thing to do. Which is why burban is about creating an identity for Asian artists who do urban music.\"The 90s saw a number of music artists from Asian backgrounds making it to mainstream UK charts. There was Punjabi MC with the bhangra hit \"Mundian to bach ke\" , Apache Indian's \"Arranged marriage\" , Bally Sagoo's \"Dil cheez\" , and artists like Nitin Shawney who drew on their Asian heritage and created a distinctive British Asian sound which came to be known as 'urban desi.' However, Radio One DJ Nihal who presents a radio show dedicated to promoting Asian artists, says the term 'urban desi' isn't representative and reflective of the current British Asian music scene. \"Urban desi didn't sum up the experience for everybody, but brown urban makes it more inclusive. It's urban music that has any kind of Asian influence,\" he says.Incidentally, Rapper AC, whose track \"True story\" is a social commentary about a mixed race relationship between an Asian girl and an Afro-Caribbean boy, doesn't think burban is restricted to just brown people. \"Look at Mark, who is a white British from Punjabi Hit Squad. What they did was burban.\" He feels that black or white music listeners are more likely to listen to a burban track sung in English, rather than a bhangra track sung in Punjabi, thus making Asian artists more accessible to mainstream.However, the burban movement has also attracted its fair share of criticism from the industry. Pedro Carvalho, founder of FNIK PR, which specialises in ethnic PR and lifestyle says that he'll only take the burban movement seriously when an artist signs a record deal with a big label. \"Otherwise it's a waste of time,\" he says matter-of-factly .But the movement has had its share of successes too. Last year, DJ Nihal hosted the Burban Mela at London's Southbank Centre, and presented Burban Top 10 on BBC Radio 1xtra. Another burban artist Raxstar has got over a million Youtube hits for his track \"Jaaneman\" and Shizzio became the first south Asian rapper to ever give a TED Talk. So, what is it that aspiring burban artists can do to hit the right notes? Nihal volunteers a tip:\"The key is that you've got to find your own style, you've got to find your own skills.\"Popular PlaylistWhy this Kolaveri di |English R&B; remix by ArjunJaaneman |RaxstarOMG |Metz N Trix featuring DJ Surinder RattanNi sohniye |Shide BossI swear |Shizzio FT Tigerstyle", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16323292", "title": "Life is Beautiful gets a U", "text": "Director Sekhar Kammula's Life is Beautiful has been awarded a clean U certificate by the Regional Censor Board, paving the way for a grand release on September 14. Apparently the censor officials were very impressed with Sekhar's effort and lavished praises on the film.The film narrates the story six youngsters coming of age in a middle-class neighborhood with all the festivals, gully cricket, friendships and neighbourhood tiffs, etc. The film is set in a neighborhood. Abijeet, Sudhakar, Kaushik, Shagun, Zara, Rashmi, Kavya, Naveen, Vijay, Sanjeev and Sriram, all newcomers are playing the lead roles in the film. Mickey J Meyer has composed the music for the film and Vijay C Kumar has worked as the cinematographer.Amala is making a comeback after 19 years with this movie. She is playing a widow in the film. Yesteryear actresses Ajala Javeri and Shriya Saran are also playing guest roles in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16317381", "title": "Heritage tag may elude Charminar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Officials from the Archeological Survey of India (ASI) had made tall claims in July that restoration of Charminar would be complete before the Unesco delegation comes for inspection on September 26. Two months later, the Charminar and its precinct still cut a sorry picture with precious little being done to make it at least appear presentable to the delegation.Officials from the ASI admitted that layers of lichen and moss still persisted and that the planned chemical cleaning of the structure would happen only after the visit of the International Council of Monuments and Sites (Icomos). Clearly, the purpose is lost.Lack of coordination between ASI, GHMC and traffic police is said to be the reason for delay. Officials at ASI said that the Icomos delegates were 'unhappy with the environs of monuments' and pointed out necessary work which needed to be undertaken. An official requesting anonymity said, \"On account of heavy vehicular traffic it will take more than a month to set up scaffolding for the chemical cleaning. The delay is due to the fact that the scaffolding will cover a large portion of the road.\"Though the chilla and the Bhagyalakshmi temple authorities have agreed to move water tanks from the premises for the visit, heritage activists noted that this was not a permanent solution. R Krishnaiah, superintending archeologist, ASI said, \"Temple authorities have agreed to move water tanks from Charminar for the visit and have asked us to provide an alternative. Further, there are a lot of flags of religious significance at both structures. The matter is delicate and needs to be dealt carefully.\"According to Krishnaiah, the committee had suggested changes in signage, fencing and removal of cables. \"Painting of the fence has been done along with cleaning of the old fountain. The signage will take around ten days to be installed and cables will be removed shortly. We still need cooperation from GHMC and government authorities. Perhaps this is the last chance to make it to the list,\" he said while maintaining that the Charminar was in a 'good state of preservation.'Heritage activists rued that the Charminar complex was incomplete without the inclusion of the four kamaans, all of which are in deplorable condition and that the Sahr-e-Baatil kamaan to the west of Gulzar Houz was crumbling. \"The roads are clogged as a result of Charminar Pedestrianisation Project. The bollards and unevenly divided roads are compounding the damage. There is very little hope that Charminar would make it to the final list,\" said an activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16317390", "title": "YSR Congress rules out merger with Cong", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ruling out its merger with any other party at any point of time, the YSR Congress on Saturday challenged the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) to introduce a no-confidence motion in the assembly against the government with the assurance that it would support it.The denial of merger comes a day after a meeting of Congress leaders in New Delhi indirectly sent across a message to YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy that swearing loyalty to the Gandhi-Nehru family would open the doors for him to return to the Congress. Addressing a press conference at the party headquarters here, party leaders and spokespersons Bajireddy Goverdhan, Vasireddy Padma and Rehman said that YSR Congress would never merge with the Congress.Instead, the leaders targeted the TDP and charged it with being hand in glove with the Congress and dared the principal opposition party to move a no-confidence motion in the coming session of the state assembly against the Kiran Reddy government. It will then be clear as to who is colluding with whom. Let the TDP introduce a no-confidence motion on September 17 when the assembly session begins and you will know what we will do, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jangipur/ kolkata", "code": "16317235", "title": "CPM announces Jangipur candidate, Congress drags feet", "text": "Jangipur/ KOLKATA: Within three days of the Election Commission announcing the date of Jangipur bypolls, CPM on Saturday declared Mojaffar Hossein's name as its candidate for the seat. On the other hand, the Congress, which has won the seat in last two Lok Sabha elections, is yet to zero in on their candidate.The seat fell vacant after Pranab Mukherjee , who won from Jangipur with a Congress ticket in 2004 and 2009, was elected as the 13th President of the country. The bypolls will be held on October 10 and September 22 has been fixed as the last date for submitting nominations.It may be noted that with more than one leader expressing their interest in contesting from Jangipur, Congress is now facing an internal feud over selection of candidate. Soon after the seat fell vacant, Mukherjee's son Abhijeet had sent an SMS to Murshidabad MP Adhir Chowdhury expressing his desire to contest the seat. \"Abhijeet has told me that he is keen to contest the seat. I welcome him and will extend my support,\" Chowdhuy said. He, however, reminded that it will be the party high command who will take the final call.When TOI contacted Abhijeet, he said: \"The party high command will take a decision. As a loyal party worker their decision is binding to all.\"It is learnt that Chowdhury loyalist Atish Sinha, the district party secretary, has also written to Pradesh Congress Committee and district Congress committee expressing his desire to contest from Jangipur.However, AICC general-secretary and Bengal in-charge Shakeel Ahmed said, \"Formally, no one has approached the AICC with such a plea. Yes, there have been suggestions that some leaders in Bengal wanted to contest the seat. This also includes Abhijeet. It is their right to inform the party. Since the dates have already been announced, we will decide on it soon.\"Meanwhile, the district Trinamool Congress is not in a mood to let go an opportunity to take on Chowdhury, a bitter critic of the government. Taking advantage of the confusion in Congress, Trinamool is now keen to contest Jangipur on its own. The party's Murshidabad president Md Ali said: \"We will contest the seat and will implore the leadership for it. There is no question of gifting Congress the seat.\"The reason for this also stems from an apprehension that Trinamool and Congress have decided to fight it alone in the panchayat polls and any alliance now will send confusing signals down the ranks. But Trinamool's national general-secretary Mukul Roy said, \"We are in alliance at the Centre and a decision has to be taken after consulting the party supremo and party leadership.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "16318793", "title": "St Mary's turns 175, Year-long festivities planned", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: The 175th year celebrations of the first Catholic Church in Ooty and one of the oldest in the district, St Mary's, has just got underway.The church in Ooty was established in 1837 on St Mary's Hill in Ooty, by Father Pigoboklare. At present, the building houses a primary school. In 1870, a bigger chapel was built and the building, which is the present church building, was inaugurated by the then parish priest Poireau. Subsequently, the church grew in strength and reached its present glory, said church officials. The Ooty diocese has planned a year-long celebration on the historical occasion of the church, which stands tall on the St Mary's Hill to this date.According to Sabastian, an office bearer in the church for more than 60 years, not many records about the church history are available with the church. \"The process of finding old records is underway. As the church was established in the year 1837, we have started our jubilee celebrations. Once the date and the month are ascertained then we will announce the main jubilee celebration,\" said Father John Joseph Stanis, the priest of the church. \"There is bit confusion over the month in which the church was consecrated,\" he added.However, Frederick Price, who first recorded the history of Ootacamund, writes, 'On the 25th October 1839, the foundation stone of a chapel which was completed in 1840 by Father Beauclair and completed by Father Gorrige. However, in 1838 a private chapel was existing for the Catholics. As the catholic population of Ooty having increased very rapidly, the then existing chapel became insufficient for its accommodation and in consequence Father Payeau commenced, in 1859, the construction of a much larger church, (the present St.Mary's). It was consecrated by the very Rev Monseigneur Gelis, vicar general, on the 15th August 1870. It cost something over Rs 25000, and the Mission received a building grant from Government'. The building that housed the chapel is now the St Joseph' Primary School.\"We observe the feast day of the church on August 15,\" said Sebastian. According to him, the church has not undergone any major change since its inception except for minor repairs and the extension of its gallery inside.To commemorate the jubilee celebrations, every Saturday, the car procession of Our Lady of Assumption would start from Carmel prayer centre at 5.30pm and end at St Mary's Church and a mass would be held. The first car procession was held on September 2 and a special mass was conducted by the Ooty diocese bishop, Amalraj.About 15 European clergymen served in the church till the late 1940s as priests. \"Most of them were French,\" said Sabastian. The first priest of the church was Father Bigot Beauclair, who initiated a chapel for the Catholic population of Ooty. Since its inception, the church has accommodated both the Europeans and the Indians.About 1,200 Catholic families are attached to the church at present with three sub-stations located around Ooty town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16332320", "title": "'Hariyali' takes off on a high note", "text": "VADODARA: 'Hariyali', a five-day green event, organized in the city by Jatan Trust and Faculty of Social Works, MSU, took off on Friday evening with enthusiastic crowds lining up to hear the address of Magsaysay award winner Rajendra Singh, who is known as the waterman of India. Prominent names, engaged in campaigns for saving nature from man-made crisis are scheduled to address the event every evening at CC Mehta auditorium, where green films and documentaries are also being screened at the beginning of the session. The mela also has display and sale of organic food, organic textiles and education material on organic farming, besides organic dinner every night.Friday evening also saw water harvester Chaitanya Bhatt share his experiences, while Saturday evening had renowned organic farmer Sarvdaman Patel, who slammed the Stanford University scientists' latest conclusion on organic farming. A couple -- Samat Jada and Gauri Jada -- engaged in organic cotton farming also addressed the audience. Over the next three days, director of Centre for Environment Education Kartikeya Sarabhai, Dr Bhagwati Oza, Dr Manubhai Kothari, a medical expert and Michael Mazgaonkar and Sanjay Patel, both alternative energy promoters, would address the green campaigners on issues of water, farming, food, energy and climate change. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16318079", "title": "New joint engineering test on April 7", "text": "CHENNAI: The first Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) Mains for engineering admissions will be conducted in online and offline modes in early April 2013. A Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) release said the offline JEE (Mains) will be held on April 7 and the computer-based test later that month.The All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE), being replaced by JEE (Mains), is usually held on the fourth Sunday of April to give Class 12 students a breather after their board examinations. In 2013, CBSE and state board Class 12 exams finish by March-end, leaving students with just a week to prepare for the test.\"It's unfair. The announcement of a common entrance test came very late, and state board students have a different syllabus. Before we can unwind after the board exams we will have to be ready for this test,\" said Usharani Raman, a Class 12 student of a matriculation school in Chennai.Heads of CBSE schools felt it wouldn't make much of a difference. \"Students will be mentally prepared for the test. CBSE students will have the same syllabus, so they will just have to prepare to answer analytical questions. They will find it easier,\" said Bhavan's Rajaji Vidyashram senior principal J Ajeeth Prasath Jain. State board-affiliated institutions held similar views. \"Postponing an exam by 20 days is not going to make a big difference. But, unless we match the state curriculum with that of the CBSE, like in some other states, we will be at a disadvantage,\" said the Shree Niketan Group of Schools correspondent P Vishnucharan.Paper 2 of JEE (Mains), a pen and paper exam to test the ability of BArch or BPlanning aspirants, will also be held on April 7. The merit list for admission to NITs, IIITs, DTU and other centrally-funded technical institutions will be prepared by giving 40% weightage to Class 12 board exam marks and 60% to performance in the JEE (Mains).The three-hour JEE (Mains) will be an objective-type question paper, consisting of physics, chemistry and mathematics. Paper 2 of JEE (Mains) for admissions to BArch/ BPlanning courses at NITs, IIITs, DTU, Delhi and other CFTIs will test the candidate's mathematics and aptitude skills and also feature a drawing test. The duration of the test will be three hours.Only 1,50,000 of the top rankers in JEE (Mains) will be eligible for the JEE (Advanced) test, earlier known as IIT-JEE, for admission to IITs, IT-BHU and ISM Dhanbad. JEE (Advanced) will be held in early June 2013, in contrast to the IIT-JEE's usual date in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "16318606", "title": "Army jawans warned against information technology threats", "text": "FAIZABAD: General Commanding Officer (GOC) of Madhya Bharat area Lt Gen R S Pradhan visited Faizabad Army Station on Friday and apprised defence personnel of the threat posed to national security by misuse of the fast-developing information technology.Pradhan warned that the nation's enemies may be targeting the country's defence through this new and potent weapon. An army spokesperson said almost all military personnel have shut down their accounts from Facebook and other social networking sites.\"We are also closely monitoring our communication equipment such as mobile phones, so that no loopholes may develop in our system,\" he said.During his visit, Pradhan also met retired Army jawans and war widows. He took note of their grievances and issued orders to the authorities concerned to provide immediate relief. More than 1500 ex-servicemen from different districts of eastern Uttar Pradesh had been brought to the station for direct interaction with the GOC.Pradhan also visited the military hospital and army supply depot to get first-hand information about the units.Talking to TOI, Lt Gen Pradhan said a special drive is being conducted by the Army to meet ex-army jawans and war widows and address their grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "16318452", "title": "CM inaugurates new engineering college at Chhapra", "text": "CHHAPRA: Inaugurating the state's seventh engineering college at Chhapra, Loknayak Jayaprakash Institute of Technology, chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday reiterated his earlier stand that he would not contest the 2015 assembly elections if his government fails to provide relief from the present power crisis.Talking about the new engineering college named after Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan, the CM hoped this engineering college would emerge as one of the best colleges in the country. Narrating the difficulties in getting All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) approval, the CM said he had to meet the Union HRD minister thrice in this connection.The CM said, \"Unless there is unanimity between the state government and the Centre, such problems would keep cropping.\" He narrated the difficulties in temporary procurement of coal linkage for Barauni Thermal Power Station (BTPS) adding such a situation does not arise in states ruled by the UPA. On the demand for the establishment of a medical college at Chhapra by a section of people, Nitish pointed out the difficulties and said, \"I have been trying to establish medical colleges at Bettiah, Madhepura and Pawapuri but am yet to succeed.\"Some activists associated with Adi Shakti Ekta Manch demanded payment of compensation and jobs for their land acquired by the JP University. The chief minister said, \"When I visit Saran district the next time, I will have some good news for the people of the district.\"The newly-constructed buildings of the engineering college have come up on 41.6 acres campus. The land was donated by the Jayaprakash University out of the total acquired land of 240 acres. The building of the institution has been constructed at a cost of Rs 40 crore including the administrative block, academic block and hostels for boys and girls on the eastern outskirt of Chhapra town. Like the other six engineering colleges, this college would also get affiliation from Aryabhatt Knowledge University (AKU), Patna .It may be recalled that the foundation stone of this institute was laid on February 1, 2004, by the then CM Rabri Devi . The newly-appointed principal of the college, Anil Kumar Singh, said, \"the faculty have joined and regular classes would begin from Monday.\"Prior to the inaugural function, some RJD activists expressed their anguish over the alleged removal of the plaque containing Rabri Devi's name, and demanded that the plaque be fixed again. However, deputy collector Ibrar Alam said, \"It was removed to facilitate construction work and now it would be fixed at its original place.\" Arun Kumar, principal secretary, department of science and technology, welcomed the guests while the science and technology minister Gautam Singh presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16332372", "title": "Hoax call puts cops in a tizzy", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A police team along with a bomb squad carried out a second round of intensive checking at a Civil Lines mall on Saturday after they received a call on Friday claiming a bomb had been planted at the mall.The police conducted the first round of checking on Friday night soon after the call was received. The mall houses a large number of showrooms and a cinema hall, and is visited by a large numbers of locals. The police party included senior officials like the senior superintendent of police (SSP), SP city, CO and Inspector Civil Lines as well as bomb squad. However, after a tedious exercise, the bomb squad was unable to find any bombs at the mall.Taking no chances, the police carried out the checking again on Saturday morning. \"Since there were lots of people in the night and we wanted to be doubly sure, the checking was carried out again at 9am. We searched every nook and corner of the mall including the three basements and the air conditioning unit\", said inspector, Civil Lines, Amar Nath Yadav. The exercise lasted about an hour, after which the call was declared a hoax, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16322334", "title": "Harsh Vashishth bags Sooli Upar Sej Piya Ki", "text": "Beyond Dream's upcoming project for Star Plus has been finally christened as Sooli Upar Sej Piya Ki. The show which will have a North Indian backdrop and the cast has recently returned from their first outdoor shoot which was held in Punjab. Now, the cast is all set for their regular shoot.News is that seasoned actor Harsh Vashishth has been roped in by the makers to play a very prominent role in the show, where he will essay the character of Kartar.Harsh Vashishth will be simultaneously seen in 4 Lions Films' Qubool Hai on Zee TV.\"It's a very interesting character and the audience will have to watch the show to know more,\" states Harsh Vashishth.The character of Kartar has grey shades and is one of the strong characters from the show.The show is expected to go on air by end of September and will replace Mann Ki Awaaz Pratigya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16324398", "title": "Thane chawl to be razed for a hip high-rise", "text": "THANE: It is a place of pride for the resident-owners of the 65-year-old Anandashram Colony and provokes nostalgic envy of Thane in the late 1940's.The two-storeyed tiled-roof chawl, which is among the first tenant co-partnership housing societies here, is set to be demolished to make way for a 17-storeyed swank high-rise.Originally registered as a Bombay-Thane cooperative housing society, it is one of the few surviving old-world structures built way in 1947, but till date remains a model for community bonding and cooperative housing by and for the lower-middle-class Marathi-speaking families.The airy chawl built on a 1.5 acre fully-owned society plot, just a stone's throw from the Thane railway station, will now be redeveloped into a major residential-cum-commercial building with the project easily crossing over Rs 50 crores.With the 67 residents of Anandashram assured of a 20 per cent to 25 per cent increase in their original carpet area of 350 sq ft to 400 sq ft, the builder, Gaurang Constructions, has also assured a multi-crore corpus fund to be deposited in the society's bank account.The best part of the project is that we will not have to move out of our existing tenaments until the new tower is built. \"Our present chawl will be torn down only after all the 67 residents have settled down in their new apartments. It was possible to work this arrangement with the builder as the society is the owner of the land and the tenements,'' said Ravindra Joglekar, a resident who has been staying in the chawl for over four decades.Anandashram was among the first fully-ownership society where the residents, most of whom were in academia, were owners of the tenements and the land on which the building stood. The founding members were inspired by the true spirit of cooperative housing. \" The plot owned by one Sane was bought over by members grouped together by one Sahashrabuddhe. The tenements was then priced at Rs 5000/- besides a monthly maintenance of Rs 5,'' Joglekar said.All festivals are celebrated collectively as one family. Drama performances, vyakhanmala (elocution competitions) would be held in the premises with eminent writers poets and theatre personalities participating in it,'' said Joglekar. \"Still unable to reconcile to the thought of demolition of their chawl, chairperson of the society Jitendra Vasant Kavle said, it is an ideal home given the community bonding and huge open space here. Unlike, in the flat system where the occupants prefer to lock themselves inside their flats, our chawl atmosphere encourages greater affinity and sense of togetherness among the neighbours which helps in the upbringing of children.''However, the urban concern of growing families and constraints of space has caught up. After long deliberations, the residents unanimously agreed for a redevelopment. While one section of the residents were opposed to redevelopment, given the fact that the property tax, which is now around Rs 30 per month would increase manifold, the concerns were put to rest by assurances from the builders about a multi-crore corpus which would pay their tax dues to the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16316902", "title": "Building collapses near Nadiad, one dies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man died after a building collapsed near Nadiad on Friday. The victim's father sustained severe injuries and was rushed to the Civil Hospital in Ahmedabad.According to Nadiad police officials, the incident took place at 6.30 pm at Mohulel village near Nadiad. Babu Solanki, 47, owner of a confectionary shop in Limdi Bazaar area of the village was present at the shop with his father Hathibhai, 70. At that time, the two-storey structure collapsed and the father-son duo got buried in the debris. When the nearby residents rushed on the spot, they found Solanki injured with a rod that had pierced his stomach.\"While Solanki died on the spot, his father sustained severe injuries on his legs and chest and was unconscious when brought out by the fire brigade and nearby residents. He was rushed to Ahmedabad for further treatment where he is under obervation,\" said a Nadiad police official. Solanki's last rites were performed at Nadiad on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317077", "title": "Corporation moves SC on expressway toll ban order", "text": "NEW DELHI: The South Delhi Municipal Corporation (SDMC) moved the Supreme Court and has sought a stay on the Punjab and Haryana high court's September 4 interim order directing suspension of toll collection at Gurgaon-Delhi toll plaza claiming that it violated a 10-year-old SC order.The civic body's SLP, filed through advocate Sanjiv Sen, said the Supreme Court had directed that from \"January 15, 2002 no heavy, medium or light goods vehicle will ply on the inter-state routes by passing through Delhi or New Delhi. It is only those goods vehicles which on payment of octroi/toll tax and carry goods to or from Delhi would be allowed to ply\".SDMC said the HC's September 4 interim order not only violated SC's order but also ran contrary to the Delhi HC's July 4, 2011 and April 25, 2012, orders directing maintenance of status quo in regard to entry of commercial vehicles from Gurgaon to New Delhi using the expressway.But, what bothered the civic body most was the huge revenue it was getting from the collection of levy at the Gurgaon expressway toll plaza. It asked, \"Whether the P&H; HC can prevent the petitioner from performing its statutory duty of collection of toll tax which the SDMC has been empowered to collect under section 113(2)(g) of the Delhi Municipal Act, 1957, from commercial vehicles entering into Delhi?\"It said the interim order of the P&H; HC has pitch forked the civic body into a serious financial crunch by depriving it of crores of rupees which were statutorily due to it. Consequently, this would also disable the SDMC from performing duties towards the public, the SLP stated. \"Who will compensate the DMC? Will it be Haryana government or the toll-plaza contractor,\" the SDMC asked and said the commercial vehicles that entered Delhi without paying statutory dues could never be traced for recovery.Further, it asked: \"Whether the P&H; HC could have passed the interim order which intrudes upon the day-today governance of the country through instrumentalities of the state and thereby take over purely executive functions and interfere in the policy decisions contrary to the law laid down by the apex court, contrary to the DMC Act and the Constitution which clearly demarcates the functions of the executive, legislature and judiciary?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16324826", "title": "Addressing North American Punjabi Association rally in memory of Oak Creek gurudwara shootout, California governor signs two bills", "text": "JALANDHAR: As he attended a peace and unity rally on Saturday in the North Block of State capitol, Sacramanto, in the memory of Wisconsin gurudwara shooting, California governor Edmund G Brown signed two bills to promote civil rights and religious freedom. The rally was organized by North American Punjabi Association.The governor signed the bills with a banner \"Proud to be Sikh American\" in the backdrop and cheers from hundreds of those who attended the rally - not only the Sikhs but from other faiths also. Sikh community has been eagerly waiting promulgation of these bills and their signing by California governor has been hailed by the community.Bill AB 1964, moved by assembly member Mariko Yamada , clarifies that the practice of wearing religious clothing of a religious hairstyle as a belief of observance is covered by protections under the Fair Employment and Housing Act.Addressing the rally Brown said,  \"  Sikh Americans are loyal citizens who have been targeted because of widespread ignorance of their religion and culture  .  The bills I sign today aim to ensure that Californians learn about our Sikh citizens as well as protect all of us from job discrimination based on religious observances  \" .   Governor's office informed that Bill SB 1540 moved by Senator Loni Hancock required the State Board of Education to consider adopting a revised curriculum framework and evaluation criteria for instructional materials in the history-social science.NAPA president Satnam Singh Chahal told TOI from US that this would be an important step for the California Sikh community, because the draft framework currently included information about Sikhs in seven distinct areas. \"When the law will be enforced then this framework will ensure that California students learn about Sikhism and Sikh contributions, thereby increasing appreciation for diversity and reducing ignorance of the sort that leads to bullying and bias,\" Chahal said.He held that Bill AB 1964 would sharply reduce job discrimination against Sikhs and other religious minorities and it guaranteed equal employment opportunity to all workers in California.While on one side grief struck the Sikh community on the other national attention Sikhs received in the wake of Oak Creek incident was unprecedented in more than 100 years of Sikh American history,\" he said.Prominent among those who participated in this rally, which turned historic due to signing of these two bills, included Canadian MP Jimmy Joginder Sims, Consular General of India N Parthasarthy, NAPA Chairman Dalwinder Singh Dhoot, Teresa D.Cox California Member of the U.S.District Export Council, Sikh leaders Didar Singh Bains Sikh Leader and Dr Onkar Singh Bindra, Dr Ramesh Japra Fremont Hindu Temple. Apart from Sikhs people from other faiths also joined the rally.Meanwhile NAPA chairman Dhoot informed that the speakers eulogized bravery of Lt Brian Murphy , the police officer who took bullets while stopping the gunman in Oak Creek gurudwara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16317991", "title": "Govt-NHAI row may cost Chennai e-way project", "text": "CHENNAI: The lack of coordination between the state and Central agencies is likely to affect two key road projects in the city. The first, the much-hyped Chennai Port-Maduravoyal elevated expressway project, designed to resolve traffic congestion in the city, is now uncertain. It had been stopped by the state government in April for alleged violations in the alignment of the structure that runs along the banks of the Cooum river. About Rs 600-700 crore had already been spent on the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI)-executed project and more than 1,300 families displaced.At a \"shipping conclave\" here on Saturday, NHAI chief general manager I G Reddy came down heavily on the state government. \"The work had been stopped four months ago by the state government which said the alignment had deviated from the approved one. We gave a detailed technical justification on the alignment on July 16, but unfortunately there has been no response from the state government and further progress of the project is uncertain,\" he said. Appealing to all agencies concerned and the state government to resolve the issue immediately to avoid further financial losses, Reddy said companies were not coming forward to bid for infrastructure projects in the state due to the \"unfriendly approach\" of the state.Describing the efforts the NHAI had taken to resolve the crisis, Reddy said several entry and exit ramps were included at several points in the 8.3-km expressway as per the state's interest. Work on the project commenced on September 14, 2010 and was to be completed by September 13, 2013. Now, just 15-20 % of the project was completed, senior NHAI officials said.The much-delayed Ennore Manali Road Improvement Project (EMRIP), which was set a fresh deadline of June 2013, is now likely to be further delayed for more or less similar reasons. The NHAI has completed 40% of the work. Chennai Port Trust deputy chairman P C Parida said the project would now be completed before October 2013.Work on the 600-crore project began 10 years ago but it was soon affected by delays, compounding the traffic woes of the north Chennai region and the Chennai port. The NHAI said completing 60% of the work in remaining 10 months is impossible due to traffic congestion. \"We have not been able to take up work along much of the stretch where trucks are parked, particularly along Manali Oil Refinery Road and the Inner Ring Road. Experts say the project can be completed on time only if the state government takes urgent steps to control the traffic of container trucks outside the city region immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16318789", "title": "No family court issues for \u2018sexist\u2019 judge", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Friday removed Justice K Bhakthavatsala from the division bench hearing family court matters. He has been replaced by Justice K L Manjunath. The modification came after Bhakthavatsala had allegedly said that it was alright for a husband to beat up his wife as long he was taking good care of her while hearing a domestic violence case.When STOI contacted Justice Bhakthavatsala, he declined to comment on the issue.On Thursday, the judge denied reports in a section of the media about his oral observations. \"Can anyone say beating your wife is right? I've never approved such kind of things. In fact, I have never passed any such order,'' he had said. \"All that I did in the interest of protecting the marriage and family was to make efforts to reconcile them, tried to counsel them.''He had said he asked couples to forget their past and live peacefully. \"It is a normal practice while hearing family matters. We try to conciliate between parties but a section of the media totally misquoted it. They have taken it in a different perspective.''About a fortnight ago, women advocates led by senior lawyer Pramila Nesargi submitted a representation to Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen expressing serious objection to alleged remarks that unmarried women are not fit to argue matrimonial cases. There was a campaign, including an online petition to the Chief Justice of India, about the remarks.The bench headed by Justice Bhakthavatsala was scheduled to hear a case on Sept 7 wherein the state government was asked to spell out its stand on amending Section 498A of the Indian Penal Code to prevent its misuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16332750", "title": "Builder booked for fraud, cheating", "text": "BHOPAL: Police has registered a case of fraud and cheating against a builder for having duped about two dozen families in the state capital by promising them houses after taking money. The builder Shishir Khare, who promoted the Vishnu High Tech city at Bawadia Kalan, did the registries of the plots but failed to provide houses as promised to the customers. Five persons who paid Khare the money but did not receive the houses lodged a complaint at the Shahpura police station.The complainants are Milind Buchke, Brijendra Raghuvanshi, Pranav, Preeti Kadre and Bisen Das. The police said complainants paid a sum ranging from Rs 20 to Rs 30 lakh to the builder. Though, the case has been registered on the complaint of five persons, there are 17 others who have been duped off in a similar fashion by the builder, said city superintendent of police, Rajesh Bhadoria.The amount of fraud is estimated to be worth around Rs 5 crore. The police said the builder managed to get the registries of the land done illegally despite not being entitled to do so.The matter first came to light in the year 2011. Victim families gave an application to senior officials during a public hearing. Subsequently, the police investigated the matter and registered a case against builder Shishir Khare after corroborating the charges.The officials said the accused would be soon rounded up for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318421", "title": "Nagpur abuzz with another raid, Jayaswal says no", "text": "NAGPUR: The city was abuzz with rumours of a fresh CBI raid on Manoj Jayaswal, chairman Abhijeet Group, the company which is embroiled in the coalgate scandal. Market grapevine had it that Jayaswal was likely to be arrested and it drove hordes of media to his house in tony Byramji Town area.Even as the CBI remained tight-lipped, Jayaswal, who finally responded to TOI's call after almost 3-4 days, denied any raid. \"Everything is fine and I am in Mumbai now. The entire controversy over coal allotments is just a matter of difference in interpretation of rules,\" he said.Meanwhile, sources within the company informed that a CBI team had visited its ferro alloy plan at Durgapur in West Bengal. This sent a panic signal among the staffers at the company's offices in Nagpur too. Many cut short their work for the day and left hurriedly for home. However, they were asked to report back again, said a source.A senior official in the company, however, denied that the CBI team had visited Abhijeet Group's Durgapur plant.The 20-year old ferro alloy plant at Durgapur went to Abhijeet Group after the assets of the parent company, Jayaswals Neco, was split. It also has a captive power plant of 25MW but there is no coal block in its name. \"A ferro alloy plant does not require much coal and the requirement of a 25MW power plant is also minimal so we did not plan to have a coal block for this venture,\" said an official on condition of anonymity.Eager newshounds have been camping at Jayaswal's residence at JP Heights Apartment in Byramji Town. The family is reported to have purchased several flats on the top floor of the plush building. The guards did not allow access to his residence. Neighbours said there was nothing amiss on Saturday.Last week CBI had conducted raids on Abhijeet Group's premises in the city following charges of misrepresentation of facts while securing coal blocks for its company Jas Infrastructure and Power Limited (JIPL). The agency had covered Congress MP Vijay Darda in the action too.Darda, who is close to Jayaswals, had floated JDL Yavatmal Energy but had later exited from the venture with Jayaswals Neco taking over. Darda too is charged of having misrepresented facts for securing the block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16318358", "title": "Generic drugs no panacea: Doctors", "text": "PATNA: Generic drugs are much in debate these days. Famous Bollywood actor Aamir Khan , too, strongly pitched for them as they are much cheaper than the branded ones. However, city doctors say that generic drugs should not be prescribed merely because they are cheap.Generic drugs are the ones which have the same chemical composition as branded ones and sold under their chemical name. For example, Paracetamol is the generic name for branded drugs like Crocin and Calpol. Albendazole, a tablet for deworming, costs Rs 1.60 while the branded one costs Rs 12 each. A generic drug only bears the chemical name while the branded ones bear the name given by the manufacturing firm. Generally, branded drugs cost more than their respective generic forms, as the pharmaceutical firms spend a lot of money on their promotion.However, doctors say that prescribing generic drugs is fraught with dangers. They say if a generic drug is prescribed, it would be the pharmacist who would take a call on which company's generic product to supply, which highly increases the vulnerability of the patient.\"Bioavailability, that is, the degree to which a drug substance becomes available to the target tissues after administration might not be equal in case of generic drug compared to the branded one,\" said Dr A K Thakur, State IMA president. He added the doctors generally rely on reputed brands because they have proved their worth over a period of time. Moreover, experts point out even if a generic drug is prescribed, the pharmacist might end up giving the patient the costliest brand of that generic drug.He added some less reputed pharma companies too might indulge in foul play. \"The same salt of a medicine can be procured at varied prices from the wholesale market. So, a company may procure degraded quality of salt, encapsulate it and sell it at high prices,\" he said. This apprehension is not ill-founded as a recent WHO report said 30% of the drugs manufactured in India are fake.\"In the capacity of IMA national president, I took up the issue with higher authorities, but there has been hardly any action in that matter,\" said noted urologist and former IMA national president Dr Ajay Kumar.Experts add a combination drug is available as a single tablet/capsule in the case of branded ones. However, in the case of generic medicines, it might not be available as single drug. So, a patient would have to buy different drugs in separate dosages.On the other hand, a city-based doctor, Dr Shakeel, who works with an NGO, Centre of Health and Resource Management, says that fake drugs are available not only for generic ones, but the branded ones too.Other stakeholders allege that some doctors take favours from pharma companies to write heavy prescriptions, much against the guidelines of the Medical Council of India. \"I don't claim all private practitioners are holy saints, but to tar all of them with the same brush is not fair,\" said Dr Kumar.Doctors say if the generic drugs are to be promoted, then the government has to take the initiative. \"Even after the strict instructions of Bihar State Health Society, the drugstore in NMCH doesn't have generic drugs,\" said Dr Thakur.\"The stores at government medical hospitals can check the quality of generic medicines, which is not possible for a pharmacist in the same degree. So, the government hospitals should provide generic medicines and open them to all patients,\" Dr Kumar.Bihar Health Services Association president Dr Ajay Kumar opines, \"The issue is not that of branded or generic drug. If the government really wants drugs to be available cheap, why can't it bring more drugs under the Drug Price Control order (DPCO) which now has only 74 medicines against over 100 drugs.\" The prices of these drugs are fixed by the Union government.Dr Shakeel adds, \"The state government can start procuring medicines, both generic and branded, in bulk and sell them at low prices on the lines of Tamil Nadu.\"Drug stores will be opened at Sadar hospital level after identifying them to sell the generic drugs at lower prices. The tender for the same would be floated soon,\" said principal secretary, health, Vyasji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "amsterdam", "code": "16321878", "title": "Shiv Kapur slips to tied 13th at KLM Open", "text": "AMSTERDAM: Indian golfer Shiv Kapur shot carded a creditable even-par 70 but slipped down from his overnight tied fifth to tied 13th at the end of the third round of the KLM Open.Kapur, fighting to regain his card on the European Tour , is now six-under through three rounds.Up at the top, Pablo Larrazabal (64), Scott Jamieson (66), Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano (66) and Graeme Storm (69) share the lead heading into the final round after Storm was punished for his first mistakes at Hilversumsche GC.They are all at 12-under for 54 holes. Kapur birdied the second and looked well on way to moving up, but he bogeyed the eighth and parred the rest.When Storm, three clear overnight, opened up a five shot advantage by reaching 14-under this afternoon, the remainder of the field looked as though they may have been playing for second place.However, after birdies at seventh, tenth -- where he almost registered a hole in one -- and 12th, the previously untroubled Englishman finally dropped his first shot of the week on the 13th.A wayward drive then led to another bogey at the 14th and Storm was duly caught by three players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16318609", "title": "Two persons duped at same ATM counter", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two persons, who used their ATM cards at a particular ATM counter in Telibagh locality almost at the same time, were duped of Rs 1.65 lakh in PGI police station area. The incident took place on September 3, the complainants told the police.In the first incident, Birendra Bahadur Singh, a resident of Shiv Bihar in Telibagh stated in his complaint that he had gone to withdraw some money from the Bank of India ATM in Telibagh on September 3 at around noon. After a few days or so he realised that his ATM card has been exchanged with that of Sanjeev Verma. As per the details, Sanjeev is a resident of Mandi in Himachal Pradesh.To Birendra's shock, he came to know through his bank, that a sum of Rs 94,000 in total had been withdrawn from his account mostly from Mandi area. Birendra lodged an FIR with PGI police station in this regard on Saturday.As if this was not enough,Kishan Dutt Joshi, a resident of Baldev Bihar in Telibagh also lodged a complaint with PGI police station that some unidentified person has withdrawn Rs 95,000 in total from his account also mostly from Mandi area of Himachal Pradesh. What was intriguing was the fact that Kishan also had reached the Bank of India ATM at Telibagh on the same date and approximately around noon. The police said that prima-facie it looks to be handiwork of Sanjeev Verma in both the cases for there were several similarities in them.Both the complainant had used same ATM counter almost at the same time. Secondly, most of the money withdrawn in due course had been from various ATM counters of Mandi and last but not the least, the ATM which Birendra got replaced accidently also has the name of Sanjeev Verma, a resident of Mandi in Himachal Pradesh.Police said that a team of cops is being sent to Mandi to trace Sanjeev, while the investigation into the matters is going on.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16318964", "title": "Sawai Mansingh declared unfit to hold Irani Trophy", "text": "JAIPUR: Ego has won again, at the expense of cricket.In a major embarrassment for the state, the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in its current condition, was declared unfit to hold the Irani Trophy (scheduled from September 21).Jaipur's pride lay in tatters as its showpiece cricket stadium was given a resounding thumbs down. Just a few months ago during IPL 5, the SMS was being counted among the best cricket grounds in the country.Blame it on rain? Not quite. The story behind Jaipur's loss is one of ego and apathy. The fight for supremacy between the Rajasthan State Sports Council and the Rajasthan Cricket Association has resulted in loss of face for the state.\"Make no mistake, it's not rains, it's sheer incompetence,\" Sanjay Dixit tweeted. He missed out on the ego part, a tussle that is the main culprit in this fiasco.Having barred the RCA officials from entering the ground, the sports council did not have the equipment to maintain a ground of SMS's stature. Even as the two bodies took their battle to court rooms and official corridors, the SMS lay unattended.Finally, when the RCA did get possession of the ground on September 3, courtesy a state government communique, the cricket body claimed it was too late to get ready for the Irani Trophy.\"The sports council is entirely to be blamed,\" an RCA official fumed.Sports council was quick to retort: \"RCA never wanted to hold this match as it would not earn them money,\" an official said. \"If Indore can conduct this match with just 10 days preparations, why can't the RCA?\" The sports council demanded that the pitch inspected by a \"neutral expert.\"The blame-game continues as it seems, lessons haven't been learnt. And if the two bodies do not sort out their differences soon, Jaipur might continue to be deprived of international fixtures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318775", "title": "22% deficit, 21 days of rains to go", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With city witnessing only a few drizzles this monsoon season, rainfall deficit of 22% continues to prevail. Weathermen forecast very little chances of heavy rain showers to make up for this deficit.Till September 8, city has witnessed 582.4mm of rain, but to be called a normal monsoon it should rain 256.6mm in next 21 days.Talking to TOI, Chandigarh met director Surender Paul said in the next four-five days there are chances of rainfall, but it won't be heavy.Lesser rainfall in first two months of monsoon is becoming a trend, said weathermen. This year too, August has seen maximum rainfall while it just poured 2.6mm in June. In July 275.1mm of rainfall was recorded and in August 288.1mm and in September, 16.6mm of rainfall has been recorded so far.September saw a rainy beginning that helped in keeping temperature down, but from September 3 onwards the temperature again crossed the normal mark.On Saturday, maximum temperature was recorded at 30.8 degrees which was nearly 2 degrees below normal. However, the minimum temperature continued to remain up by 3 degrees at 26.7 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16318322", "title": "Girl student found dead", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Body of a girl student was found in decomposed condition near Manikgarh fort Gadchandur-Jiwti road on Friday. The deceased has been identified as Sheetal Therey (23), BA final year student of Chintamani College, Ghugus, who was missing since September 3.Sources claimed that a shepherd found the decomposed body near Vishnu temple close to Manikgarh fort. He informed village Nanakpathar sarpanch who in turn intimated Jiwti police. Cops rushed to the spot and carried out the inquest formalities after which the deceased was identified. Sheetal's parents had lodged a missing complaint with the police since she failed to return on September 3.PSO RP Manvare claimed that it was a case of murder. Sheetal was murdered at some other spot and her body was disposed near Manikgarh fort. A murder offence has been registered in the case. Jiwti police are quizzing Sheetal's friends and relatives for clues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321025", "title": "\u2018It was like getting back a lost limb\u2019", "text": "Affected by male pattern baldness in his early 20s, designer Jattiin Kochhar speaks to TOI of a botched hair transplant and summoning the courage for another go. Here's why it's okay to want what you want.Aman and his hair are viscerally tied, but the relationship is not publicly acknowledged. Yet the hair restoration industry in India is one of the fastest growing, with more than 10 new players in the last two years.Fashion designer Jattiin Kochhar doesn't have an issue admitting he has had a hair transplant. Two, in fact. And if you ask, he will discuss differences between procedures, point you to the good surgeons, and proudly tell you he is 40.The growth on his hairline is visibly scantier than that on the sides, above his ears. But he is happy with what he sees. \"The only time I go a little 'uh-oh' is when I catch sight of the back of my head in a changing room with facing mirrors,\" he says.Kochhar started losing hair while he was still in his early 20s. \"Which was surprising because I had this thick north Indian crop,\" he says. Gradually, the hairline started receding at the temples, and then to the crown, forming the typical horseshoe pattern of balding.\"I have an oily scalp, and of course, one of the first things I did when I suffered hair loss, was oil it. That made it worse,\" he shares. \"Then I resorted to shaving my head. I was 25 by then. But I got bored of that too. Once a pandit, who was visiting my home, went on and on about how inauspicious it was to shave your head. After that, I stopped.\"Although he was surrounded by supportive family and friends , Kochhar wasn't happy. It's shocking, he says, to see how different you can look by a simple addition or subtraction. \"There are some things you cannot change \u2014 your height, facial shape. But your sense of self-worth is important. You should do whatever it takes, knowing your threshold and where to draw the line, to make yourself presentable. Why should I be ashamed over what I have done?\" he asks.Cut-and-paste Kochhar had tried other options, even wearing a toupee (a patch of false hair) for long. He calls it a primitive contraption that he had to stick on with paper tape. He thought it looked 'real', except that he'd be stuck in the loo for an hour, fixing it. \"I travelled the world with it, but it was limiting. On a trip to Bali, I was keen to try this amazing ride that throws you in the air. And I thought to myself, I'm going to have to do this another time. I love water, but if I wished to swim, I'd have to reach out for a cap to keep my head dry.\"This was enough for Kochhar to visit a New Delhi surgeon 14 years ago. \"It was a few months after the birth of my first child,\" he recalls. \"It seemed a little shady to me. The doctor took a strip of hair from the back of my head, split the follicles and replanted the strands along the hairline. It was a painful procedure, and the panel from where the hair was removed still itches terribly when the weather is humid.\"For this, he had to endure repeated jabs of local anaesthetic. Replanting all the follicles, and living with an open wound for 10 days, saving it from infection is laborious. Kochhar remembers having to sit still for two to six hours, depending on the area that had to be covered.The sequel Four years ago, he decided in favour of a second transplant for which he travelled to Hyderabad. There was a large area of the head to cover, and by then he had lost more hair. Dr Puli Ravinder Reddy came recommended by a socialite friend Kochhar had met in Hyderabad. \"She told me whether I had considered a hair transplant since I had 'such a handsome face'. I didn't tell her about the first, but took Dr Reddy's number,\" he says. By then, he had turned into a sort of an expert on advancements in hair transplant surgeries. He would spend hours surfing the net and chat with doctor friends.\"Dr Reddy said he wished I had come to him earlier. My first job had been botched. 'You have no donor areas left,' he told me. This is my only chance and I chose to recreate the front,\" Kochhar says. Hair for a transplant is sourced from the sides of the scalp and rear since the follicles do not shed. They are capable of producing hair at the new location. It is crucial that hair is sourced from the donor since the body has to accept it. The quality and type of hair varies in different parts of the body, so, for the scalp, only hair from the head will do.If luck is not with you, transplanted hair sheds and new strands grow in its place, but Kochhar's donor hair was 'accepted'.\"It was getting a lost limb back,\" he says. \"My aura changed. I was motivated top go on a diet, and lose weight. I have never been as fit as I am now, nor have I felt as confident. All the models I interact with are half my age, and when I tell them I'm 40, they can't believe it.\"Why are Indian men losing hair?It's genetic: Hereditary-pattern baldness is caused by a combination of reasons \u2014 genetic , hormonal levels and the aging process.It's lifestyle-driven: Diet that's low in nutrition, a lack of sleep and exercise, high stress levels, smoking and pollution are major players. Non-surgical aesthetic medicine expert Dr Rashmi Shetty says additives found in protein supplements that are popular with gymmers are also responsible.Mitali.Parekh @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16332538", "title": "Sufficient job scheme funds for Garhwa: DDC", "text": "Garhwa: Garhwa deputy development commissioner (DDC) Ravindra Prasad Singh has said MGNREGA schemes will get a boost in Garhwa as sufficient funds had been allotted to most panchayats in the district.\"Now, labourers living in these panchayats will not have to migrate to other districts or states in search of job. They will get 100 days job under the MGNREGA in their own panchayats,\" the DDC said adding the MGNREGA work would pick up speed in the district with the allotment of panchayats' share.The DDC said Rs 4 crore had been allotted to 2,129 panchayats in the district. He also instructed the panchayats to spend the MGNREGA funds in the ration of 60:40.Providing the panchayat-wise details, Singh said Rs 56 lakh had been allotted to 16 panchayats of Garhwa block followed by Rs 42 lakh in 12 panchayats of Ranka bock, Rs 35 lakh to each of 10 panchayats in Bhawnathpur, Meral and Kandi blocks, Rs 28 lakh to eight panchayats of Dandai block, Rs 24.50 lakh to 7 panchayats of Bhandaria block, Rs 22 lakh to 6 panchayats of Nagar Untari block, Rs 21 lakh to 6 panchayats of Ramuna and Ramkanda blocks, Rs 17.50 lakh to each 5 panchayats of Dhurki, Bishunpura, Chinia and Sagma blocks, Rs 14 lakh to 4 panchayats of Ketar block, Rs 10.50 lakh to 3 panchayats of Baridiha block and Rs 3.50 lakh to 1 panchayat of Majhiaon block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318148", "title": "I\u2019ll not trust facebook with my personal data", "text": "Christopher Soghoian is on a mission to expose how governments and private companies misuse the data they collect from users. But his work has its risks. After he found security loopholes that allowed people in the US to generate fake boarding passes, the FBI hounded him for over a month. Soghoian, who is currently the principal technologist and a senior policy analyst with American Civil Liberties Union , tells Javed Anwer that many communication companies are helping governments spy on their own people.You have said that US companies aid in surveillance across the world. Does it mean they sell technology that enable filters like Great Firewall of China or do they share user data with governments?It depends on the company and their market . Communications companies (email providers , search engines, social networks and phone companies) are required by law to provide assistance to governments. The legal standards vary by country and the data requested . In some places, an order signed by an independent judge is required, while in other countries, a request from the police is enough. There is also a growing industry of companies that sells surveillance technology permitting governments to spy on their own citizens . These companies sell communications intercept equipment and spyware or other hacking tools. One company on my radar right now is Septier, an Israeli surveillance vendor that sells \"off the air\" cellular phone intercept equipment, similar to the kind used in recent wiretapping scandals in India. Their only offices outside Israel are two offices in India. These companies sell their products to governments around the world, and their capabilities are truly terrifying.Don't you think that western nations like the US should forbid their companies from selling these technologies?I think it is extremely short-sighted of western governments to permit the sale of surveillance technologies that can then be pointed back at them and used to spy on their own citizens.Where do companies like Facebook, Google , Apple and Microsoft stand? After all, they have lots of data in which governments are interested.These firms all assist governments in spying on their customers. The big difference among them is the degree of transparency. Apple is secretive. Facebook is generally pretty open, and even has its law enforcement handbook online. Google publishes fairly detailed stats on the number of requests it receives from different governments , but is highly secretive when probed on the specific legal standards the company follows before handing over data. Microsoft has not released stats, but will generally talk to privacy advocates about their standards and policies. I personally find it more pleasant to deal with Facebook's lawyers. However , I still won't trust them with my data. Twitter is by far the most transparent.Do backdoors exist? For example, Julian Assange has claimed that Facebook is a spy machine for the US government...Do I think that Facebook intentionally collects data at the behest of the FBI or another US government agency? No. Do I think that US law enforcement and intelligence agencies get to benefit from Facebook's commercially motivated retention of vast amounts of private data? Certainly. Governments don't need a backdoor into Facebook. They have the front door (at the company's headquarters ), a 24-hour hotline, and a team of staff at Facebook who will promptly respond to every request they receive from governments around the world.Recently you were in India and one of the tweets you made after arriving here was, \"It's a police state in Delhi.\" In terms of digital surveillance on its citizens, how do you place India?I have been to India four times, and I love the country . I came for the culture, and stayed for the food (I am pure vegetarian). I love it there. At the same time, during the past seven years, I have seen a pretty significant change in India, from a society where it was possible to communicate anonymously, to one where every electronic communication is identified and monitored by the government. Prepaid SIM cards require photocopies of a passport, internet cafes often require identification, and open Wi-Fi networks have become an endangered species. Free democratic societies benefit from anonymity, as it permits those with unpopular views to air them without fear of punishment or arrest. India is rapidly moving towards a country where anonymity is impossible, and I fear that this will do much more long-term harm to India's democracy than good.The Indian government doesn't want phone companies to provide foreigners pre-paid mobile connection for more than three months. What are your thoughts on it?Well, India gives six-month visas to tourists . It seems a bit silly to force tourists to change SIM cards half way into their trip. If the government really thinks that there should be some expiration period for prepaid SIM cards issued to foreigners, perhaps they should last at least as long as the tourist visa. For the full interview, go to www.toi.in/ chris-talk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16318529", "title": "Botched sterilization claims 56 lives", "text": "NEW DELHI: Botched sterilizations have claimed 56 lives this year, while 29 others have reported complications.Also, 2,609 cases of failed sterilization operations have been recorded so far in 2012. Cases of sterilizations that went wrong (including deaths, failures or those that resulted in additional complications) increased by nearly 19% between 2010 and 2011 \u2014 from 7,751 cases to 9,188 cases.India has recorded nearly 2,700 cases of failure, complication or death due to sterilization this year. Rajasthan recorded the highest number of failures in sterilization cases at 772, while Tamil Nadu accounted for maximum number of deaths at 10.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Friday that the ministry has coughed up Rs 5.13 crore as compensation for 1,604 for botched cases. Rules stipulate Rs 2 lakh for death following sterilization in the hospital or within seven days of discharge; Rs 50,000 for death following sterilization within eight to 30 days of discharge; Rs 30,000 for failed sterilization and Rs 25,000 for any complication within 60 days of discharge.Madhya Pradesh recorded the second highest number of failed sterilization surgeries (566), followed by UP (420), Tamil Nadu (177), Haryana (125) and Odisha (102).TN led the fatalities' list, followed by Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh at eight deaths each, Bihar, Karnataka and Rajasthan at four deaths each and Assam, Gujarat and UP at two deaths each.In 2011, too, TN had led the list of maximum number of deaths at 44, followed by Andhra and Karnataka (22), Rajasthan (16), Maharashtra (13) and Bihar (10).Sterilization operations are still the most preferred method of birth control in India. Azad said \"The matter has been taken up with the health secretaries of Rajasthan, MP, Haryana, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, UP and Odisha to review the performance of doctors in respect of quality.\"Ministry records suggest that between 2011 and 2012, 1.79 lakh vasectomies and 46 lakh tubectomies have taken place. MP recorded the highest number of sterilizations - 5.96 lakh, followed by Andhra (5.41 lakh), Maharashtra (5.12 lakh), Bihar 4.97 lakhs, UP 3.32 (lakh), Gujarat 3.26 (lakh) and Rajasthan 3.14 (lakh).\"We pay a compensation of Rs 600 to every woman who undergoes tubectomy and Rs 1,100 to a man who undergoes vasectomy through the National Family Planning Insurance scheme. Around 2,700 unsuccessful sterilization cases is a marginal failure rate in comparison to around 48 lakh total sterilization cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16317039", "title": "Where there is a wheel, there is a way", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Samir Kakkad, 39, a city-based automobile engineer, started off for the tri-nation car rally on Saturday. Kakkad, who has 80 per cent disability from the chest below, will be the only disabled driver in the rally where 100 drivers will participate with their SUVs to scale Himalayan highways in India, Nepal and Bhutan from New Delhi on September 10.\"It will be the first international rally for me. I will be rubbing shoulders with experienced drivers from across the country,\" said Kakkad who was flagged off from Apang Manav Mandal near IIM, Ahmedabad on Saturday evening by his friends and Mandal officials.Kakkad, who has been included in the Limca Book of Records for his feats as a driver, said it has not been an easy journey. \"I was born in a village in north Gujarat to doctor parents. As I suffered from polio at birth, I could not move my limbs. However, when God takes away something, he endows you with something else. in my case it was the ability to play with mechanics. I even tried to drive my father's car with wooden sticks and was scolded when he found out,\" he said.However, when they got to know about his zeal to drive, they encouraged him. Kakkad said that was the turning point for him as he started devising devices that would help him control the car with just his hands. With a number of experiments, he finally succeeded in driving cars and later established an agency to provide such kits to more than 2,000 disabled drivers from across the country.\"My struggle continues even today. What is the dream of any disabled person? To be independent. My device has helped many fulfill that dream. At such instances, I go and talk to them and also show them my certificate that if I can drive and set a national record, why can't others? The slogan on my car for the rally is - where there is a wheel, there is a way,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16318323", "title": "Four held with tiger nails, whiskers", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Yet another case of tiger poaching has come to fore in Chandrapur district. A special team of Chandrapur police on Friday seized four nails and 18 whiskers and nabbed four poachers.The poaching was carried out in May during which the entire forest department on high alert following Gondmohadi tiger poaching and intelligence about Baheliya gangs taking contract of poaching of 25 tigers.SP Rajiv Jain said that they received a tip-off about a person from Masala village having tiger nails and whiskers on Friday. A special team led by deputy SP SN Sheikh laid a trap at Shivshakti Nagar, a WCL colony, and arrested one Avinash Surpam (28). Four tiger nails and 18 whiskers, along with a motorbike, were seized from his possession. During interrogation, he revealed the name of poachers who poached the tiger.Based on the information given by Surpam, Deputy SP Sheikh raided the village Jambharla on Mul road. Three accused Mukesh Uike, Donu Kusram and Tanaba Meshram were arrested from the village. The raiding team, however, failed to recover the remaining body parts of tiger from them.Forest officers inspected the seized nails and whiskers and confirmed that they belong to tiger. Cops have registered an offence under relevant section of Wildlife Protection Act-1972 against the four accused. A court remanded them to police custody remand till September 10.SP Jain claimed that they have confessed of poaching a tiger in the month of May. Accused have however not given the exact date of poaching. Jain claimed that poachers trapped the tiger in wire snares meant for herbivores and later killed it. They (poachers) have however maintained that they took only nails of the tiger and disposed the remaining body.\"The period of poaching claimed by poacher coincides with discovery of the tiger carcass whose head and paws had been chopped off in Borda jungle. Hence, the possibility of seized body parts (nails and whiskers) belonging to poached Borda tiger cannot be ruled out,\" he said.This tiger could be a different one, too, Jain added. \"A team of cops will visit the spot where poachers said they killed and disposed of the carcass. \"DNA test of seized nails and whiskers with DNA of Boarda tiger's body to confirm the identity of tiger,\" he added.The forest department had already arrested five accused in Boarda tiger poaching case on June 15. But they failed to gather concrete evidence against them. The five accused from Ghanta Chouki village are still in MCR and have been denied bail from the court so far. SP Jain claimed that cops would coordinate with forest department and exchange information obtained from the accused. Police are likely to take the poachers in forest on Sunday morning to the spot where poaching was carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16318095", "title": "Four more farmers end life", "text": "YAVATMAL: Even as deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar held a janata darbar on Friday, it doesn't seem enough to lift spirits of debt-ridden farmers in the district. Four farmers, who lost standing crops due to heavy rainfall in the last week, committed suicide in different villages. On Saturday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan held a review meeting at the divisional headquarters, Amravati, which was attended by top officers.Pundlik Ukey of Salebhati, Dipak Vajpayee of Phulsawangi, Atul Kute of Tirzada and Sitaran Rathod of Sewadas Nagar are the farmers who took the extreme step. This takes the tally of farmers who committed suicide in Vidarbha in 2012 to 536, said Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS).\"Vidarbha's agrarian crisis is in its seventh year. Farmers' suicides are being reported since June 2005, one every eight hours. As per government records, more than 9000 distressed farmers have ended their life due to crop failure, fall in cotton prices and wrong policies of the central government regarding minimum support price and export,\" said VJAS.Maharashtra Dy Chief Minister Ajitdada Pawar was attending massive 'Janata Darbar' (Public Hearing) in Yavatmal town on Friday as part of political campaign of his party NCP at the office of MLC Sandeep Bajoria, one of the irrigation contractors named in Rs 30,000 crore Vidarbha Irrigation scam, four more debt trapped and distressed farmers who lost standing crop due to massive rain lashed over the district in this week committed suicide in different villages of Yavatmal. Today (Sept 8), the Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan has held review meeting at the Divisional Headquarters of Amravati division where in the top officers were summoned to attend.They are identified as: 1. Pundlik Ukey of Salebhati , 2.Dipak Vajpayee of Phulsawangi, 3.Atul Kute of Tirzada,4.Sitaran Rathod of Sewadas Nagar, all in Yavatmal district.According to the Press release issued on Saturday by the Vidarbha jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS), this takes tally of farmers suicides in Vidarbha to 536 in the year 2012.\"Vidarbha agrarian crisis has entered seven year now and Vidarbha farmers suicides are being reported since June 2005 @ 8 hourly and as per official Govt. record more than 9000 dry land farmers have killed themselves due to distress and despair accumulated due to crop failure and economic losses due to cotton prices collapses and due to wrong policies of Indian Govt. regarding MSP and export.According to VJAS president Kishor Tiwari, though monsoon has damaged cash crops like cotton and soya, banks have failed to give fresh crop loans to farmers. \"Prices of Bt cotton seed, fertilizers and pesticides have almost doubled. In Maharashtra alone, Bt cotton on 42 lakh hectares has failed,\" added Tiwari.Tiwari further said that the state government has paid more than Rs4000 crore as compensation to deceased farmers' kin. He urged the government to intervene so that farmers take up cultivation of less rain-sensitive crops like jowar and bajra.Taking a dig at the deputy chief minister, Tiwari asked what prompted Ajit Pawar to hold the Janata Darbar at the house of Sandeep Bajoria, a contractor named in the Rs30,000 crore Vidarbha irrigation scam? Tiwari also demanded a CBI probe in the multi-crore scam.The three contractors, named in the Public Interest Litigation (PIL), CAG and PAC reports are SMS Infra owned by MP Ajay Sancheti, Bajoria Construction Yavatmal and Bhangdiya Construction, did not carry out any of the work allotted to them but pocketed thousands of crores from the Irrigation departments with the connivance of the engineers and political bigwigs.Making a dig at the Deputy Chief Minister for holding the much hyped Janata Darbar in the office of Sandeep Bajoria who is now named in the Rs. 30,000 crore Vidarbha Irrigation scam, Tiwari posed a question as to why the Deputy CM opted to conduct his Janata Darbar in the house of a tainted contractor and also demanded for a CBI probe in the multi crore irrigation scam.(EOM)SP claims ignorance regarding posters against DardasUnidentified persons have pasted hundreds of posters in the entire city condemning MP Vijay Darda, son Devendra, and school education minister Rajendra Darda, who were directors of JLD Yavatmal and other companies named by CBI in the coal mining allocation scam. It was the outward expression of the people of Yavatmal who were keeping a blind eye at the various illegal activities of Dardas for the last several years and amassed huge amount due to their fear of Dardas.When contacted, superintendent of police Ranjankumar Sharma said he was unaware about such posters in the city as he was busy with security arrangements for deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's visit.\"Since we have not received any complaint from either Dardas or any other citizen against the posters containing derogatory slogans and comments against the Dardas, we cannot file any FIR,\" said Sharma. adding that it was their personal matter and the police need not involve in such incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "goa/vailankanni", "code": "16317746", "title": "Goa to Vailankanni: A journey of faith", "text": "GOA/VAILANKANNI: Seated on a foldable wheel chair clad in a red T-shirt, Philip Cabral, 67, a retired postman from Dona Paula, is carefully wheeled into Vasco Da Gama railway station in Goa. A sudden stroke has left this former postal employee confined to his wheelchair about two months back. Now, accompanied by family, Philip is all set to travel 1,267 kilometres to the coastal town of Nagapattinam on the Vasco-Vailankanni Express on a quiet Sunday morning. It's a journey of faith; the altar of the Lourdes of East is where he hopes to seek blessings to regain the lost strength in his lower limbs.\"Papa (Philip) wished to go and pray to the Holy Mother. He is under treatment but we are sure he will feel better once we reach the shrine,\" says his son, Anthony Cabral, who's accompanying his father along with five other family members.It is not just the Cabrals. Thousands of pilgrims, especially Catholics from Goa and Vasai in Maharashtra, flock to the week-long holy feast at Vailankanni between August 29 and September 8 every year. Special trains like the one carrying the Cabral family are operated from Goa and Vasai, not to mention the inter-state private bus and taxi operators who run night and day all through the 11 days of festivity and prayers at the seaside shrine.As the train leaves Vasco Da Gama, the pilgrims include Ivan Sequiera, 42, from Caranzalem, who is currently on a vacation from his job in Kuwaiti; Jesus Tadu Fernandez, 49, a tailor from Majorda and a regular at the Feast; and Lourenca Periera, 63, who plans to offer prayers for a son who works as a limousine driver in the US.\"My son Jenroe fell into an open well next to our house when he was just eight years old and suffered a head injury. He started showing signs of stunted brain growth after that. But now he is fully cured and working as a limousine driver in the United States . I owe it all to the Holy Mother at Vailankanni and make it a point to visit her shrine every year,\" says Lourenca Periera.The feast transforms the coastal town in the deep south into a melting pot of believers from Goa, Maharashtra, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka in September. The trip is one of the longest pilgrimages undertaken by Christians in the country. The footfall of pilgrims also sets the cash registers ringing, mainly in the hospitality and transportation sectors. Hundreds of private lodges and home stay facilities have sprung up between Vailankanni railway station and the holy shrine.\"We expect the crowd here to be around two lakh people this year. The season is good and number of pilgrims seems to be increasing every year. This year's feast also coincides with the 50th year of the shrine being elevated to the status of a Basilica,\" says L Pathiyaraju, president of Vailankanni Lodge Owners Association, which has about 100 lodges affiliated to it, of the more than 300 budget lodges and hotels here.Reports of a decline in the number of believers following the tsunami disaster in 2004 now seems a thing of past. Nearly 4,500 people had died in Nagapattinam district, many of them believers who were visiting the shrine when killer waves lashed the shore. \"The crowd at the shrine seems to be increasing by the day. We have been here for the past two days,\" says Rev Father Thomas EJ,% St Paul's Society, Bandra, Mumbai.Apart from the common thread of faith and devotion linking Vailankanni, Goa and Vasai near Mumbai, these regions are connected by a strong Portuguese link. The original edifice of the shrine itself was built by a group of Portuguese sailors, who, according to a myth, were rescued from the stormy seas by the Holy Mother. The town's transformation into a religious centre began in the 16th century and it is widely believed that Franciscan missionaries with Portuguese patronage were sent to Nagapattinam and Vailankanni to spread the faith. Some of the early tales of the Vailankanni Matha (Mother Mary) could also be traced back to this period.According to representatives of Vasai Diocese, a large number of believers from Vasai and nearby areas make the annual pilgrimage to Vailankanni. The fact that it is an affordable pilgrimage for community members when compared to a visit to our Lady of Lourdes in France is also cited as another reason. Vasai has a population of about 1.5 lakh Catholics and 103 Catholic priests in% its diocese.\"It is a matter of faith and apart from that it should also be considered that most of the people cannot afford to go to France and pray to the Holy Mother. Like the Muslim community in which believers are requested to visit the Holy Land of Mecca once in their life time. There is a similar strong belief among the Catholics here in our country to at least take the pilgrimage once in their lifetime,\" says Father Yogesh Pereira, secretary to Arch Bishop Felix Anthony Machado, Vasai diocese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318630", "title": "Achieve revenue target: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani asks officials", "text": "Chief secretary Jawed Usmani has directed senior officials that they have to achieve the revenue target fixed by the government. He said that warning letters would be issued to those officers who fail to achieve the target till September end. Adverse entry would be given to the senior officers found lax in achieving the target by the year end, he warned.Funds sanctioned for medical treatment: Principal secretary, medical education JP Sharma said that the government has sanctioned an amount of Rs 5 crore for providing medical treatment to government employees at SGPGI, Lucknow. He said that the government has released the fund in view of the demand of the government employees for making arrangement for the medical treatment at SGPGI, Lucknow and the funds would be increased according to the requirement.Birth anniversary celebrated: Sri Narayana Cultural Mission will celebrate the 158{+t}{+h} birth anniversary of Sri Narayana Guru at Seth MR Jaipuria School auditorium, Vineet Khand-1, Gomtinagar on Sunday from 11.00 a.m. to 1.30 p.m. District magistrate of Barabanki Ministhy S will inaugurate the event.Debate: Rotary Club Lucknow Rajdhani in association with Inner Wheel Club is organising an inter college debate competition for 10+2 level at NBRI auditorium on Sunday at 9.30 am. The topic of the debate is: Television is the leading cause of growing violence in society. Every college will be represented by two speakers-one speaking for the motion and the other speaking against the motion.Study material distributed: Employees of SBI Life Insurance Co Ltd distributed cupboard, stationery, bags and books to the less privileged children of Shriram Udyogik Anathalaya, Aliganj and Bataha village slum, near Vikas Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16322860", "title": "Dileep resumes shoot in Trivandrum", "text": "After pushing off its Trivandrum schedule thrice, the Dileep-starrer Nadodimannan will finally start filming in the city from September 15.After pushing off its Trivandrum schedule thrice, the Dileep-starrer Nadodimannan will finally start filming in the city from September 15. A source from the production team says, \"Dileep is expected to finish My Boss and then join the cast in Trivandrum by the second week of this month.\"The movie, which has the actor playing a political leader, will be shot in the Secretariat and the Trivandrum Corporation office.Incidentally, the schedule was pushed off thrice in the last three months, with the actor being busy with other commitments, including an advertisement shoot in Mumbai and a song sequence for Mr Marumakan. \"The last time the schedule was changed, we also shifted a few scenes that were planned to be shot in Trivandrum to Ernakulam, to cut the cost,\" says our source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16317682", "title": "43-year-old dies in bike-truck collision in port town", "text": "VASCO: A 43-year-old jeweller from Sada died on the spot when a two-wheeler he was riding was involved in a head-on collision with a truck on Saturday evening opposite the RTO building in the port town.The deceased Jitendra Chandrakant Palyekar was dragged for a short distance by a speeding empty coal truck in the port city.According to eye-witnesses, though the incident occurred less than half a kilometer away from the Vasco police station, it took the PCR van more than 10 minutes to reach the spot and an additional ten minutes were taken for 108 EMRI to come to the site.PSI Nikhil Palekar said, \"The truck was speeding while it was taking a turn near the RTO building to go to Khariawada for parking.\"Shockingly, after reaching the spot, police instead of taking the deceased to the hospital, declared him dead on the spot.After the panchnama, the body was shifted to Hospicio hospital, Margao, in a hearse van instead of the Cottage hospital, Chicalim.Witnesses said that soon after the accident, the unknown driver of the truck ran away after parking the vehicle on the road near Bombay garments. Police are now searching for the absconding driver as well as the identity of its owner.The body of Palyekar has been preserved in Hospicio hospital for postmortem to be conducted on Sunday.Palyekar is the second person to die in a road accident in Vasco this year. Benedito Alvares, 53, a resident of New Vaddem, died in GMC, three days after he met with an accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16317173", "title": "Tipsy tanker driver charged with minor offence and let off", "text": "KOCHI: In what is seen as a major lapse on the part of the police, a drunk driver of a bullet tanker carrying aviation turbine fuel (ATF) was let off after booking him for a petty offence. Instead of booking him for drunken driving, cops charged him for reckless driving, a relatively minor offence.This at a time when the oil companies are trying hard to adopt strict measures to ensure safety of tanker lorries. The cops also failed to inform the officials of BPCL Kochi Refinery from where the tanker lorry was filled with the fuel.The incident took place near Nettoor on the national highway at around 12.20am on Saturday.The place is barely 3km away from Hotel Le Meridian, the venue of Emerging Kerala Summit. The prime minister is expected to arrive at the hotel on Wednesday.Though cops have been combing the city and its bordering areas in the wake of PM visit, it was locals who noticed driver smoking while driving. They immediately informed the police, who took the driver Gopakumar, a resident of Ayoor, into custody. It was found that the bullet tanker did not have the details of fuel on the tank.An official of the Panangad police station confirmed that the driver was booked for reckless driving. \"We did a medical check up and found the driver drunk. But since he was not booked for drunken driving, we granted him bail from the station itself,\" the police official said.Officials of the BPCL Kochi Refinery said they are yet to hear about the incident from the police. \"We came to know about the incident through television channels. But the police haven't informed us so far,'' a BPCL official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16324209", "title": "Ignou announces admissions for its six online programmes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indira Gandhi National Open University's (Ignou's) Chair for Sustainable Development (CSD) announces admissions for its six online programmes - Appreciation Programme on Sustainability Science (APSS), Leadership Programme on Nutrition Security and Sustainable Development (LPNSSD), Appreciation Programme on Sustainable Management of Wetlands (APSMW), Appreciation Programme on Sustainable Management of Ganga - A Scientific Approach (APSMG), Leadership Programme on Himalayan Ecosystems (LPHECO) and Appreciation Programme on Sustainable Management of Biodiversity (APSMBIO).The last date to apply for these programmes is September 25, 2012. These online programmes are offered through an integrated Virtual Learning Environment (VLE) christened as Sustainable Action and Virtual Education (SAVE) Platform covering all the activities, from registration to certification.The teaching-learning process in an online programme includes: (a) Integrated multimedia courseware (personalised learning space), (b) Online counselling and mentoring (web conferencing, text based chatting), (c) 24x7 learner support, (d) Assignment Management System, (e) E-tutor based practical for selected programmes, (f) Group based online seminar, (g) Online Project platform and (g) Online Term End Examination (proctored) for selected programmes.A number of online counselling sessions are conducted to help the students for understanding the study materials. Students can access study material anywhere across the globe online and can attend the counselling session to interact with the expert and with other students. They have to appear the Term End Examination through online from any of the regional centres.After completion of these courses, participants will have a broad understanding on the principle of sustainable management of different ecosystem and its inter-linkages to livelihood improvement. This knowledge may be able to equip the student in joining national and international organisation that are searching for the professionals who can handle the cross cutting social issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "when it comes to leading dual lives, bollywood's heroes lead the way. to this day sunny deol manages a beautiful balance between the two women in his life, wife pooja and lady-love dimple kapadia. the relationship has survived for 27 years mainly because dimple understood the rule of the game, as explained to her by sunny, quite early in the relationship", "code": "16320758", "title": "Why Sunny, Bobby skipped Esha's wedding", "text": "When it comes to leading dual lives, Bollywood's heroes lead the way. To this day Sunny Deol manages a beautiful balance between the two women in his life, wife Pooja and lady-love Dimple Kapadia. The relationship has survived for 27 years mainly because Dimple understood the rule of the game, as explained to her by Sunny, quite early in the relationship: don't trespass into the other territory.Separate wives, separate lives. Dharmendra epitomizes the sentiment. He has been married peacefully to Hema Malini for 32 years. And Dharamji's first wife the reclusive Prakash, the mother of the actor's first four children, was never given a chance to feel in any way, belittled or compromised.Says a close friend of Dharmendra and Hema Malini, \"Dharamji took immense care to ensure that both his families felt comfortable in the sensitive situation created by his two marriages. Not for a second has he allowed Hemaji to feel the way the second wives are generally made to feel. Yes, she has brought up her two daughters Esha and Ahana largely on her own. Not that Dharamji is any less attached to his two youngest children. But all the complexities of bringing up a child, including managing the mechanics of Esha and Ahana's schooling, were taken care of by Hemaji alone. She knew Dharamji was just a phone call away if she needed him. But she brought up her daughters without ever needing to make that emergency phone call.\"Hence when Esha's wedding arrived it was again Hema Malini's show all the way. Hema had just one condition laid out for the father of her daughter. Please be there for the wedding. Apparently all the nitty-gritty of the marriage arrangements were handled by this iron beauty all alone, with able support from her brother and nephew.From months before the wedding date, Hema began the process of getting the details right. The rituals, hotel bookings, invitation cards, menu, clothes, flowers, decorations... She left nothing to chance or to her spouse. Besides the formal invitation cards, she personally rang up all her colleagues.A colleague of the actress who admires Hema unabashedly says, \"Hema re-defines the whole issue of time management. How very much in character to see her fully in-charge of every sphere. Even as an actress she was always in a commanding position. She could carry the biggest of films on her shoulders. The wedding too was her show.\"People attributed Dharamji's low-profile attendance at Esha's marriage events to his frail health. In fact, informs a friend, he chose to be that way because he wanted to keep out of the media view to avoid uncomfortable questions. Sure enough, someone from the electronic press did drop a clanger in his face questioning the absence of Sunny and Bobby Deol at their half-sister's wedding.The television channels got its juicy byte. The soft spoken won't-hurt-a-fly Dharmendra lost his cool at the question. \"It was a sore point and very insensitive to bring it up,\" says someone close to the couple, \"Only Dharamji, Hema and God know how much trouble they've taken to keep Dharamji's domestic life peaceful. Hema has never asked her husband for anything. On the rare occasions, when she did demand something it was for their daughters.A nd if he was unable to fulfil the demand, she quickly retreated and did the needful on her own.\"Given the super-sensitive circumstances it would have been a miracle if Sunny and Bobby, fond as they are of their baby sister had shown up for the wedding. And yet, if reliable sources are to believed. Esha's two bade bhaiyyas had every intention of showing up on this the most important day in Esha's life. Finally though, they decided against doing so, so that their mother wouldn't be hurt.Says a source, \"Both Sunny and Bobby love Esha and Ahana a lot. They're very much the doting protective Big Brothers. Whenever they are abroad, Sunny and Bobby bring suitcases filled with shoes, belts and clothes for Esha and her sister. They wouldn't have liked to miss the big day for anything in the world. But finally the fragility of the world that Dharmendra has created within and outside his home, had to be kept in mind.\"Finally, it was a no-show for Esha's two brothers. Yes, her Abhay from the Deol family, did show up. But somehow it wasn't same. Says a friend, \"That Sunny and Bobby couldn't attend Esha's wedding was a personal defeat for Dharamji. It was a reminder of the fact that his two families would never be the one. His ire was totally justified.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16326219", "title": "Pleased to achieve first European podium, says Sergio Perez", "text": "NEW DELHI: If there was any doubt that Segio Perez is the most talented young find of Formula One, they were all put to rest at Monza on Sunday.The Mexican driver grabbed his third podium finish for Sauber pipping the much-fancied Ferrari duo of Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa at the Italian Grand Prix.Sergio came second at Monza, matching his best result of the year in Malaysia . The young driver also known as 'Checo' to his friends started from 12th and was one of the few drivers on hard tyres.After a difficult first part of the race he put in an amazing second stint when he went through the field like a hot knife through butter.\"This was a very enjoyable race for me. It was one of those where you have the pace and are the one to attack. I am very happy for the team which is working very hard. It is a really good team, I am proud of it.I didn't have an easy first stint with the hard tyres but it was certainly the right strategy,\" an elated Perez said after the race on Sunday.Perez had been leading the race for a few laps after McLaren's Lewis Hamilton pitted from the lead. With Hamilton on fresh rubber, Perez could do little as the Brit took back the lead. Perez pitted a lap later, coming in on lap 31.The Sauber driver then repaid the favour to his rivals, slicing through the field on his medium compound Pirellis.Perez easily made up ground, overtaking the likes of Kimi Raikkonen , Massa and finally Alonso to finish second.\"I was frequently in contact with the team on the radio because I was worried the tyres would suddenly drop and we would have to change our strategy.Also we were not quite sure how quickly they would warm up. However, it worked out fine, I could stay out as long as I needed to for our strategy.The second stint was then really maximum attack and I must say all of the drivers I overtook have been fair. They didn't leave me more room than they had to, but it was always enough.This is the way it should be. I am very pleased at having achieved my first European podium in Monza,\" the 22-year-old said.Sauber's Indian-born CEO Monisha Kaltenborn was delighted by Sunday's result. \"What a day and what a result!I have to say this comes as somewhat of a surprise on a track which we thought would be quite challenging for our car.But once again we proved our strong race performance.\"For quite some time Sergio was the fastest driver out there. It's fantastic that the team back at our home base prepared such a competitive car.The race team made the right decisions for the set-up and the strategy and the drivers delivered on the track.These 20 points are very important for our goal to move up in the championship,\" Kaltenborn, who's team are in sixth place with 100 points ahead of Sahara Force India's 63 points, said.The Sauber powered by a Ferrari engine, equaled their best result of the season, which was a total of 20 points achieved at the German Grand Prix.In addition to Sergio's 18 points, his team mate, Kamui Kobayashi , contributed two points by coming ninth at the legendary high speed circuit in the Royal Park.After the end of the European season, the Sauber F1 Team now has exactly 100 points to its tally and remains sixth in the 2012 FIA Formula One Constructors' Championship with seven races to go. Sergio is still ninth in the drivers' championship, while Kamui remains 12th.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16318464", "title": "Heavy rain lashes eastern districts", "text": "JAIPUR: There was no respite from the torrential rain in some parts of the state on Saturday when several places in Sirohi, Dungarpur and Banwara districts witnessed heavy rainfall.Life was paralyzed in eastern Rajasthan where many districts witnessed heavy rainfall. Gogunda and Kotada witnessed highest rainfall as 150 mm in the state on Saturday. It was followed by Mount Abu and Rishabdev at 110 mm, Dungarpura and Sarada at 100 mm, Kherwara at 90 mm, Vallabhnagar and Rohat at 80 mm, Girwa, Jhadol and Osian at 70 mm. While a number of places in eastern Rajasthan witnessed rainfall between 20 mm and 60 mm.Widespread water logging and overflowing of Nakki Lake in Mount Abu was witnessed after the showers. Most of the tourists were confined to their respective hotels. Heavy water logging was witnessed in the main market of the hill station where most of the restaurants and eating joints wore a deserted look. However, no major loss of life or property was reported from the town.Jaipurites woke up to a pleasant overcast morning. During the wee hours mild to moderate showers were witnessed in the city, however, Jaipur t received rainfall of only 16.6 mm. Dense cloud cover continued in Jaipur till noon.Jaipur Met office said that the ongoing spell of south-west monsoon is going to continue for at least one more week when heavy rainfall is likely to occur in the eastern parts of the state. Attributing the continued spell of the monsoon to low pressure area prevailing over northern India including Rajasthan the Met office said that heavy rainfall will occur at many places in south western parts of the state including Udaipur, Dungarpur, Banswara, Jodhpur, Pali and Barmer in the next 36 hours.Meanwhile, life limped back to normalcy in various villages in Bikaner, Churu, Sriganganagar and Ajmer that had witnessed heavy rainfall early this week. Majority of the people residing in the relief camps started returning to their houses. The administration in these districts began assessing the damages caused by the rain to the crop and houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "16318481", "title": "Silk City weavers starving", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Their nimble fingers weave the golden textile that dress the glitterati, but they themselves remain half clad and ill-fed. The 60,000 and odd local weavers of this Silk City are, in fact, worse off than unskilled workers, earning a measly Rs 20 to Rs 70 per day, making it a tough task to manage two square meals for themselves and their families.Silk industry in this city goes back 200 years. Even now, it ranks second, next only to Karnataka in the production and export of silk fabrics. But a number of factors, including lack of credit, power shortage and increasing competition from other silk-producing centres in the country, have robbed the sheen of the local industry and brought the weavers to the brink.The volume of silk trade here is estimated at approximately Rs 100 crore per annum - 50% of it from the domestic market and rest from the export market.On a stroll around Nathnagar and Champanagar localities, one can see almost everyone engaged in separating silk threads from cocoons and spinning the yarn to weave cloth. But their meagre income makes life a hard one. Mazarul Haq cannot send his daughter to school because of poor earnings. \"School jane se to achcha hain ghar me thoda kaam pe madad karegi. Aise hi bhukhe rahte hain, padai likhai karne ka dimag kahan se ayega? (I would like her to stay at home and help us in work. We starve every day and cannot think of education),\" he said. And, this is true of all the weavers, who earn less than the official minimum wages of unskilled workers.\"While we make golden fabrics for the elite of the society, we live in darkness. We are unable to feed and educate our children properly. For generations we are joining this profession as we do not get any scope to learn something else,\" said Chandni, while making a dupatta on a handloom machine.Hasnain Ansari spells out his problems, \"Both the handloom and powerloom machines were purchased at least 50 years back. The imported thread from China is working well with the old machines. But productivity of these old machines is low.\" He added that weavers do not get bank loans easily. Most of them take loans from the market on usurious interest rate of 5% per month. With the payments for their cloth getting delayed, they face problems in repayment.\"Subsidies given by the state government to silk producing units in Bhagalpur were siphoned off by some middlemen. Apparently, there are some drawbacks in the cooperative structure of the industry here,\" he said.Bhagalpur receives power supply only for two hours in a day. Chronic power cuts compound the problems of the industry. Some looms are operated by gensets, but that raises the cost of production. No wonder, many factories have been shut down, and weavers are moving to other cities. Some weavers are working as workers while some others have started selling vegetables. \"Had there been electricity, our production would have increased by almost 50% and the cost of production would have come down by 25% as electricity supplied by the government is cheap. As we are dependent on generators, we have to shut them off regularly to let the machine cool off,\" said Rahmat, a weaver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16319113", "title": "Online verification of passport in a month", "text": "BANGALORE: Police verification for passport applicants will be done online within a month across the state, thus speeding up the process for passport aspirants.\"We have successfully launched the police verification for passports online in Bangalore directly from 102 police stations in the city. We have trained 204 police personnel for this work. The day the passport applications are submitted at the regional passport office or passport seva kendas (PSKs), the verification will reach the police stations. Police have to check the antecedents of applicants and return the verification forms immediately,\" said Praveen Sood, additional director general of police (police computer wing).He told STOI that a similar process is on the anvil and will be extended to all 906 police stations across the state. \"We have increased the bandwidth for the purpose in all police stations here. A similar process is on for police stations across the state,\" he said.He said the delay at present could be because of the large backlog in each police station in the city. \"Each police station has to sent these verification forms back to the regional passport office as quickly as possible so that they can also clear the pending files. It depends on police personnel trained for this purpose to speed up the procedure,\" he said.He said the uploading of these verification forms from RPO has become faster. \"Within a month the entire state will benefit from the speedy process,\" he hoped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16318088", "title": "Moghe hails Pawar's support to Painganga", "text": "YAVATMAL: Social justice minister Shivajirao Moghe has welcomed deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's support to the Lower Painganaga Interstate River Irrigation project.\"It is a feasible project and it can be completed in a stipulated time frame if the union government is convinced to grant it the national project status,\" Moghe said, mirroring what Pawar had said on Friday. Moghe also took a dig at those opposing the project, including NCP MLC Sandeep Bajoria, saying that they were creating misunderstanding among the villagers and are determined to bring impediments in the development works of the district.Moghe wanted to know why local leaders and people's representatives take pleasure in obstructing developmental works and said that they are doing it only on political considerations and for personal mileage.Deputy CM Pawar's support to the project took Bajoria, his protege, by surprise as the latter was opposed to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16322096", "title": "Booklet traces Xuanzang's pilgrimage route in Bihar.", "text": "PATNA: In order to protect, preserve and promote the Buddhist heritage of Bihar, the state government has brought out a 76-page colour pictographic booklet entitled \"A journey through Bihar to Vihara\" based on the famous Chinese scholar Xuanzang's pilgrimage to Bihar.This booklet is mainly aimed at throwing light on the ancient pilgrimage route taken by the Chinese traveller.The department of art, culture and youth affairs and Nav Nalanda Mahavihara, a deemed university, have jointly prepared the booklet, which includes details about the places falling on the route, their photographs and maps.Xuanzang, a 27-year-old monk, had set out on a momentous journey to India in 629 CE to learn about the true teachings of Lord Buddha. He travelled more than 4800km (3,000 miles) to reach India, the booklet says.In Bihar, he made pilgrimages to places associated with the life and events of Buddha and his important disciples.The Chinese scholar also studied at many monasteries located at places which fall in the present-day Bihar. In his travelogue, he provided remarkable insights into the arduous nature of the pilgrimage route connecting China to India through Silk route.Deepak Anand, who has written the text of the booklet, said, \"This book is a tribute to the momentous journey undertaken by Xuanzang. It is also an effort to showcase the exact sites or other places associated with his pilgrimage throughout Bihar.\"Xuanzang, who visited Magadh region in 636 CE, in his travelogue referred to the area as a conglomerate of more than 50 'Viharas' spread throughout the region Students often ventured from one 'Vihara' to another to gain knowledge on particular subjects.The introduction of the booklet says that Bihar is currently witnessing a renaissance in almost all spheres of life. The booklet starts with the details of a place, Rampurva, where two Ashokan pillars and two stone mounds were discovered during 19th century. This place falls along the path taken by Xuanzang as he made pilgrimage from Lumbini in Nepal to Kusinagar. Having been removed from their places of origin, these highly-polished, 50-feet-high pillars were adorned with a lion and a bull capital. The lion capital is now on display at Kolkata museum and the bull capital adorns the Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi.The booklet gives details of several places including Lauriya Nandangarh, Kesariya, Chechar, Vaishali, Fatehpur, Barabar hill, Telhara, Nalanda, Rajgir, Jethuli and Bodh Gaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318830", "title": "Goods seized from cars, 20 challaned", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The municipal corporation's enforcement wing carried out an anti-encroachment drive in the Sector 22 Shastri Market and the adjoining parking on Saturday afternoon. The staff challaned those vendors who were operating from their cars and selling their wares from there and also those who picked up their wares from encroached upon land on the pavement and hid it in their cars parked in the nearby parking. As the MC started challaning offenders, the vendors gathered around the staff. Seeing their goods being seized, heated arguments took place followed by a scuffle.Vendors said as the \"goods were in their cars, so MC staff cannot challan them or seize their stuff\", where as the MC staff countered that vendors cannot sell clothes and other items from their cars, nor can they take their stuff from encroached upon space on the footpath and hide it in cars on seeing the enforcement wing staff. They pointed out that they are liable to be challaned in both the circumstances.As the atmosphere became tense, the drive was stopped, while the tow-away vehicle which was called was sent back, without it removing any vehicle. However the violators were warned that if they continued with this practice, their cars would be impounded. During drive, 20 challans were issued and wares seized.Enforcement wing sub-inspector Jagmohan Singh said that he was just doing his duty but the vendors started arguing with him, as their goods had been seized from their cars. As the vendors tend to hide their goods in their cars, it being a safe place for them, so it became necessary to seize their goods from the vehicles, said SI Singh. He said that later, these vendors came to him and apologized for their behaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16323764", "title": "Kiwis Davis cup squad arrives in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: New Zealand's Davis Cup team arrived to take on India in the Davis Cup tie to be played from September 14-16, at the Chandigarh Lawn Tennis Association (CLTA) stadium.The official hotel where the Kiwis are putting up, welcomed the Kiwis in traditional Indian style by applying 'tilak' on the team members' forehead and garlanding them.The Kiwis' squad was led by non-playing captain Marcel Vos. In toe were four playing members -- Jose (Rubin) Statham, Michael Venus, Artem Sitak and Daniel King Turner.The team's physiotherapist Murray Hing will be arriving tomorrow.Talking to reporters soon after arrival, Marcel Vos said, \"Some experienced good players are missing in the Indian squad and this will prove to be an advantage for us.\"\"All players in our team have Davis Cup experience. We have been playing in Bangkok for two weeks and the best thing is that Indian weather conditions are similar. We have 5 days of practice time befire the Davis Cup starts,\" he said.The Kiwis also underwent a practice session at the CLTA stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16318810", "title": "RTI queries give cops hard time", "text": "MOHALI: The trend of asking for information under the Right to Information (RTI) Act is growing among Mohali residents with each passing month, giving sleepless nights to the police.Asking for details about how many police personnel were posted at each police station and how many complaints are being investigated by each police inspector, the district police have received a total 2,250 RTI queries from various sections of society in Mohali district during the period of January to August this year.A total of 1,850 queries have been disposed off, while details about other queries are being compiled by different wings of the district police including traffic, security and CID.Interestingly, the last three months saw a rise in the number RTI queries when between 250 and 275 people approached the district police, filing various queries related to their pending applications.Gaganpreet Singh of Phase-VIII said, \"He filed an RTI query for ascertaining the status of his complaint, which was filed in connection with a theft case, and received the status of investigation within 20 days. Though the investigation is still pending, police failed to recover my stolen property.\"The RTI branch of district police is headed by SP (headquarters) Mandhir Singh. Police sources said though some of the complaints are baseless including how many fans were installed in one police station, some queries were related to other districts and were forwarded to the districts concerned for replies.Mandhir Singh said, \"Replies of around 400 pending RTI queries are being prepared and there are some queries, which became pending, when applicants were not satisfied with the submitted responses and they dragged the RTI wing to the office of Chief Information Commissioner (CIC), Chandigarh.\"The usual fee of filing RTI application is Rs 10 and there is an additional fee which is charged on the basis of per page reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16320628", "title": "Al Pacino plays coach Joe Paterno in new flick", "text": "Al Pacino is set to play footie legend Joe Paterno in a new movie about the disgraced football coach.The movie will be based on 'Paterno ,' a best-selling biography authored by sportswriter Joe Posnanski, who lived in State College, Pennsylvania, and spent time with the coach's family, as the Penn State sexual abuse scandal unfolded.According to Deadline.com, it could be a feature film or a cable movie, the New York Post reported.Penn State has riveted the nation's attention since retired defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky was arrested last November on child sex-abuse charges that plunged the university into turmoil.The film would likely trace the arc of Paterno - a man who embodied honour and the pursuit of excellence, only to see his legacy demolished by his failure to act against Sandusky's crimes.Paterno was fired over his alleged failure to follow up on the sexual-abuse perpetrated by Sandusky.He died of lung cancer in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16317433", "title": "Pub owner booked for allowing minors", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Jubilee Hills police on Saturday registered a case against organisers of Rain Pub on Road No. 2, Banjara Hills for allowing minors.Jubilee Hills inspector DV Pradeep Kumar told STOI that none of the customers were found drunk when tested with breath analysers. \"A private programme was organised at the pub where Raghava of 'Dance Baby Dance' television show was called. Over 100 members gathered at the pub to see him. We got the information that some minors were there and so the raid was conducted,'' police said. According to police, there were 15 minors and cases were registered under Section 18 of the Hyderabad Police Act against pub owner Mohan Raj and event manager Mohin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16316581", "title": "Kapil Dev backs Dhoni on having turners for home series", "text": "HYDERABAD: Kapil Dev said on Saturday that he supported captain MS Dhoni's views on dishing out turning tracks at home for Test matches. Before the series against New Zealand, Dhoni had made it clear that he would prefer host associations to dish out spinning tracks to fluster teams like Australia and England, who prepare bouncy tracks at home.Backing Dhoni's point of view, Kapil said, \"I think the team management knows what is best for them. Winning is the most important thing. It doesn't matter if you play on a turning track or not.\"The 1983 World Cup-winning captain also said that though he had been welcomed back into the BCCI fold, he wasn't really keen on taking up any post with the cricket board. \"I have a business and am very happy with it. I am not keen on any post in BCCI even if they offer me something,\" he said.Kapil also said the retirements of VVS Laxman and Rahul Dravid would not prove to be an insurmountable problem for the team. \"I don't think this is a big problem. It's just a feeling that some individuals are irreplaceable. And this feeling was there in every generation but history tells us that we overcame that. Now also we will see through this phase. We have good replacements for all the slots,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16332516", "title": "Ranchi school celebrates Grandparents' Day", "text": "RANCHI: Grandparents are special to every child. Their bed-time stories are integral part of everyone's growing up years. They are also the wise and experienced ones we turn to in times of trouble. Their knowledge is invaluable and their love unconditional. In keeping with this, Sarla Birla Public School celebrated Grandparents' Day on Saturday.Tiny tots in colourful attires, with boys dressed as hanumans and girls in South Indian and Punjabi traditional dresses, were all excited to perform before their grandparents. They tapped their feet to the Hanuman Chalisa and danced to various tunes. Dramas unfolded the little ones love for their grandparents. An overjoyed grandparent, Nandbihari Singh, said, \"I feel proud to see my grandchild Arshi perform on stage. This is the second time that I am attending such a programme. It is a nice feeling to see her school inculcate such values in her from Class I itself.\" Others too lauded the school's effort. Another grandparent, Kusum Devi, said, \"The school is doing a great job of reviving moral values in our society. These days, children often don't respect or have time for the elderly and go about doing their own work. I am happy that my grandchild is learning to value us.\"Kids, too, were elated to surprise their loved ones with such special performances. Ayush of Class I, while waiting for his performance to start, quipped, \"I love my grandparents and I promise I will make them proud someday. It is a nice feeling to see them encourage me to perform.\"The school's decision to celebrate Grandparents' Day is expected to bring about a positive change in the outlook of the present generation. Principal of Sarla Birla Public School, Ranjana Swarup, said, \"Since many parents prefer nuclear families children do not learn to value the presence of their grandparents. So we have started this programme since the last three years to let grandparents enjoy. Watching cartoons and studying take up most of every child's time and they fail to realize the importance of relations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi/agra", "code": "16316999", "title": "Girl trafficked from Darjeeling rescued from UP house", "text": "NEW DELHI/AGRA: A 15-year-old trafficking victim was rescued by a joint team of Agra police, NGO Shakti Vahini, and NCPCR (National Commission for Protection of Child Rights). The girl, from Darjeeling, had been brought to UP and was being forced into marriage. She was rescued from a house in Tundla-Agra Road on September 6.The girl was trafficked on September 1. A missing report had been filed after the girl's mother complained to police. The mother suspected one Arun, who stays in Agra. After running from pillar to post, the victim's mother contacted Shakti Vahini, which reported the matter to NCPCR. Raids were conducted and the girl was finally rescued. During counselling, the girl said trafficker Arun had brought her to Tundla by Mahananda Express. From Tundla she was taken to Agra. The girl also said the trafficker was showing her around to sell her off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318090", "title": "After controversies, Nagpur University all set to get registrar, controller of examinations", "text": "NAGPUR: After getting bogged down by various controversies, Nagpur University is all set to finally get a full-time registrar after three years. The interviews for the post will be held on Monday.NU will also get a new controller of examinations (CoE) on Tuesday. This post has been lying vacant for last two years. The post of librarian will also be filled up within two days. Academicians and officials are hoping that these new developments would bring to an end turmoils that has been haunting NU for sometime.TOI has been closely tracking the developments regarding these interviews since long.NU scrutiny panel had selected nine candidates based on their qualifications and experience from the 24 applications for these top posts. The top names among the nine are- acting registrar Mahesh Yenkie, associate professor at Shivaji Science college Ashok Gomase, deputy registrar Vilas Ramteke, NU finance and accounts officer (FAO) Puran Meshram, head of public administration department Nilima Deshmukh and deputy registrar of Mumbai University Dinesh Kamble.These candidates will be judged by a selection panel headed by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal. The panel also contains management council members Kishor Deshmukh and Archana Nerkar. Commerce dean Bharat Meghe is also on the panel. Also on the panel are the two VCs nominated by the VC and Board of College and University Development (BCUD) director Arvind Chaudhary will also be participating in the process.No registrar could be appointed after the last two interviews- held on June 15, 2009 and on January 17, 2010- due to internal politics. The administration had come under the scanner for incurring an expenditure of Rs2 lakh for conducting two sessions without getting results. This year's interviews are already in the eye of the storm and controversies related to this prestigious post are not new as NU is still waiting for full-time registrar ever since Subhash Belsare retired on June 14, 2009.The accountability and efficiency of the selection panel has came under the scanner after Deshmukh was appointed on it even after he was rejected twice during interviews for the same post, on account of being \"unsuitable\".NU academic council member MD Chaudhary has filed an appeal with the chancellor asking him to set aside NU management council's decision to nominate Deshmukh. He stated that a rejected candidate's nomination was not in the interest of the university and was against moral values.Also, an RTI activist Prakash Bansod has written a letter to the chancellor K Sankaranarayanan threatening to lodge a police complaint against the NU officials for flouting rules while scrutinizing the applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16318249", "title": "Air India Express likely to cut down services to Gulf", "text": "TRICHY: Air India Express' flights to the Gulf countries from Trichy are likely to be fewer in winter, and Abu Dhabi, a sought-after destination, is most likely be taken off the route map in October.At present, the carrier operates two services a week: Chennai-Trichy-Abu Dhabi and Abu Dhabi-Trichy-Chennai on Thursdays and Saturdays. Though the revised proposal is yet to get the nod from the office of the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), it is most likely to be implemented from the third week of October, said an official with Air India Express, who refused to be identified.In November last, the Air India Express had announced the cancellation of nine flights (to Kuala Lumpur and Chennai) between November 7 and November 13 due to what it called \"crew constraints and inevitable reasons\". This time, the Air India Express has attributed the cancellation to \"operational difficulties\", the source said. Prior to the Air India pilots strike, the carrier was operating daily flights to Dubai, and three services every week to Abu Dhabi.\"This is shocking news for travel agents and air travelers who have benefited from these services,\" says V Subbu, chairman, IAAI (IATA Agents Association of India), Trichy regional committee. Subbu has since written to Air India authorities pleading against cancelling flights out of Trichy. According to him, passengers who work in the oil fields in West Asia fly this sector frequently, and it was considered a potential sector for Air India Express for elite passengers from across Tamil Nadu. Moreover, the cancellation of the Abu Dhabi sector would mean that Trichy will lose a connection to Chennai, a much-needed route for medical tourism and the leisure industry.In May this year, the automation system of Air Traffic Services (ATS) was inaugurated at the Trichy airport for handling a greater volume of aircraft movement. \"We cannot afford to lose Abu Dhabi,\" said an Air India Express official without wanting to be quoted. However, the solace is that the thrice-a-week flight to Dubai would be restored to a daily service in the winter schedule, he clarified.The neglect of Trichy is complete now that the national carrier had already ceded Kuala Lumpur and Colombo sectors to Air Asia and Sri Lankan airlines respectively, added Subbu. The airline does not fly to Colombo and Kuala Lumpur due to \"increasing fuel costs and non-availability of aircraft\". \"It is true we lost out to Air Asia in the Kuala Lumpur sector, and we do not want to operate to Colombo directly from Trichy,\" the Air India official told TOI.Trichy airport, which until the pilots strike last year handled 34 services daily, reduced services to 24 services in December. Now, the services have shrunk to 20 a day, said terminal manager Kumaraswamy.Though close to international destinations like Colombo and Kuala Lumpur, Air India Express does not fly to these places from Trichy. The only international destinations for Trichy are at present Singapore and Dubai. Out of these two, Air India Express might soon cede Singapore to Tiger Airways, said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318521", "title": "Facilities elude trekkers' paradise Himani Chamunda", "text": "S Gopal PuriDHARAMSHALA: One of the favorite destinations for adventure tourism and pilgrimage, Himani Chamunda, located at a height of about 10,500 ft in the lap of snow-covered Dhauladhar hills has witnessed only inaugurations since 2002, while no worthwhile infrastructure facilities despite considerable investment of public money in surveys, etc.Initially, on November 25, 2002, then Union minister Shanta Kumar had laid the foundation stone for a road to this place. Later, on May 18, 2005 former Himachal minister and sitting MLA from Nagrota Bagwan did the same for a step-path to this site. In 2009, the present government directed officials to work out feasibility plans for this spot, but all in vain.Every year, this location is closed for four months from November to March due to heavy snowfall on the ranges. Though the place has the potential to be developed as premier tourist spot, both Congress and BJP governments have failed to promote the area as a tourist destination.Recently, in July this year, the present chief minister had also inaugurated the much awaited heli-taxi project, but the service is still to take wings.Sources said that since the inauguration was done in a haste, land for the helipad at this location is yet to get approval from forest department. Moreover, there is no drinking water supply and facilities for tourists.Neeraj Bhatia, director of Sumit Aviation Company, which was scheduled to start the service, has already conveyed to the state government that they are ready to introduce heli-taxi service to this temple, like that available at Vaishno Devi. The firm is already providing such services at Katra and Badrinath.When contacted, Bhupinder Atri, SDM, Palampur, who was looking after projects for this spot, stated that developmental works are in progress, but refused divulge details.\"Construction of a proper path to this location is under progress while the heli-taxi project has been inaugurated by the chief minister recently,\" he said.''We have told the concerned company to seek approval for land to construct heli-pads both in Dadh and Himani Chamunda, which is en route'' he said when asked about sanction of land for making helipads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16317424", "title": "Govt to file FIRs against Digambar Kamat, Pratapsingh Rane 'very soon': Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: The state government will file FIRs against former chief ministers Digambar Kamat and Pratapsingh Rane in the illegal mining case, following the indictment of Kamat and the erstwhile Congress governments by the Shah commission, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Saturday.A day after the Shah commission report was tabled in the Lok Sabha , Parrikar told reporters that his government will implement almost all the commission's recommendations. Accordingly, FIRs will also be filed against \"relevant officials at the time\", including the director of mines, mines secretary, officials of the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) and officials of the Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM).On what he thought was the role of Kamat in illegal mining in Goa, Parrikar said, \"Making money!\"The target for filing the FIRs is 15 days, Parrikar said, adding that the target may be difficult though since many agencies like the directorate of mines, police and other government departments are involved.Asked if he wanted to spoil their (Digambar's and Rane's) Ganesh Chaturthi?, Parrikar said, \"It is already spoiled. They spoilt our Chaturthi, so theirs is also spoilt.\"The chief minister said the findings of the report of the public accounts committee (PAC) headed by him (when he was opposition leader) and the Shah commission report are \"very close\". He said the Shah commission report certifies the PAC's stand but provides additional information and it indirectly endorses the PAC's findings. \"You know now why the then speaker along with the then chief minister rejected the PAC report,\" Parrikar said.He pointed out that while he had pointed out 40 cases of condoned delays, the Shah commission has indicated 42 such cases. He said that one of the important issues highlighted in the Shah commission report is total misuse of section 24A, that is condonation of delay.Parrikar said that according to the Abolition Act, the concession stood abolished automatically for those concession holders who did not file the 'J' form-application for renewal of lease-by November 22, 1988. He said there were 42 such cases where no leases existed and condonation of delay was granted under section 24A, sub-section 10 which was introduced in 1994. This rule was subsequently amended in 2000. \"Between 1994 and 2000, that rule was misused by (Pratapsingh) Rane and after 2000, blatantly by Digambar Kamat, for political ends and looting the state. That is one of the serious observations of the Shah commission,\" Parrikar said.He further said the Shah commission has also indicted and named MoEF officials. He said these officials gave environmental clearances prior to even condonation of delay. \"Leases that had expired were granted environment clearances. How can MoEF explain this? Same comments are there towards Indian Bureau of Mines,\" Parrikar said.On the recommendation to act against mine owners who encroached on government land and extracted manganese ore, Parrikar said, \"I will study the report and if anything has been done illegally, (like) looting of government property, we will not tolerate it. But you have to realize one thing, Shah commission took almost one year to compile the data, so don't expect me to act overnight.\"Parrikar said he has some reservations of the legal interpretations of a few recommendations made by the Shah commission, adding that the government will study those legally and act accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16322082", "title": "Refrain from counting chickens before they hatch: Congress to NDA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a jibe at Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray for his comment that Sushma Swaraj is the \"only deserving\" prime ministerial candidate in BJP, Congress today said NDA has the habit of \"counting chickens before they hatch\".\"The larger NDA suffers from a unique malady of anointing prime ministers without awaiting for people's verdict...The NDA/BJP should not count their chickens before they hatch,\" Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari told PTI.In an interview to Sena mouthpiece 'Saamana', Thackeray has said Swaraj, the leader of opposition in Lok Sabha , is the only leader in the ally BJP who would make a \"deserving\" prime minister.\"At present there is only one person who is intelligent, brilliant - Sushma Swaraj,\" Thackeray said.Reacting cautiously to Sena chief's comment, BJP leader Balbir Punj said his party has a \"number of competent leaders\" who are capable of becoming prime ministers.Tewari said, \"While in 2007 there was one PM-in-waiting (in NDA), by 2012 the numbers are multiplying at a rate that defies the logic of calculation,\" he said.In a sarcastic remark, AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh said since Swaraj's name has been proposed by Shiv Sena as NDA's prime ministerial candidate, she should now clear what is her party's stand on attack on migrants from Bihar and UP in Maharashtra by Sena and MNS workers.\"Would BJP clear its stand on Shiv Sena and MNS' views on migrants from Bihar and UP? Particularly Sushma Swaraj, as she is their PM candidate now,\" Singh tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jodhpur ", "code": "16318463", "title": "Tibetan activist arrives in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR : Tibetan Sherab Tsedor, spearheading the campaign 'A messenger of snowland' to get Tibet liberated from China's \"intervention and atrocities\", arrived in Jodhpur on Saturday. He was received by members of the Bharat-Tibet Maitri Sangh (BTMS), which expressed solidarity to his cause.Tsedor had set himself ablaze in November 2011 in front of the Chinese Embassy in New Delhi is in India as part of the three-month All India Tibet Awareness and Support Campaign.\"The campaign had started on 53rd Tibetan National Uprising day, March 10, 2012, from Dharamsala, the seat of the Tibetan government-in-exile. During the campaign, a day-long signature drive is held in every town and city on the route of the campaign to highlight the plight of the Tibetans inside Tibet and the indifference exercised by the United Nations and world leaders\", Resham Bala, president of BTMS, said.Tsedor, while describing the objective of the campaign, said, \"This campaign is aimed at building a consensus and pressure on the world community to strongly urge the People's Republic of China to respect the fundamental rights of Tibetans to freely practice their religion and bring to an end the so called Patriotic Re-Education Campaign. The campaign also demands international independent fact-finding delegations and media visit the affected areas and refrain from using repressive measures against the peaceful protesters and stop harassing the families of Tibetan youths, who sacrificed their lives for Tibet.\"With the self immolation of Tapey, a Tibetan monk from Kirti Monastery, in 2009 and beginning with the self immolation of Lobsang Phuntsok on March 16, 2011, so far 39 Tibetans have self immolated in Tibet, out of which, 30 have succumbed to their burn injuries. The status of nine others is still unknown. Two Tibetans in exile also attempted self immolation in India and Nepal .\"This campaign will pass through 59 cities and five metropolises of the country and will conclude in New Delhi on October 2, 2012 to mark the Gandhi Jayanti,\" Resham Bala said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16317647", "title": "100 years on, Italians ask Louvre to return Mona Lisa", "text": "LONDON: In an attempt to bring the acclaimed Mona Lisa painting back from France, Italian campaigners have collected over 150,000 signatures, building pressure on the Paris's Louvre museum to return the Leonardo Da Vinci's masterpiece to its \"home city\" of Florence.The world's most famous painting should be returned to the Uffizi museum where it was displayed early in the 20th century, according to the National Committee for Historical, Cultural and Environmental Heritage, which organized the petition, the Daily Mail reported.Committee president Silvano Vincenti said he has made a formal request to the French minister of culture, Aurelie Filippetti, for the painting to be given back.He said the return of the painting would be of \"high historical value, both symbolic and moral\".But the Louvre museum itself has already snubbed the committee. And Florence's claims on the Renaissance masterpiece, known by Italians as La Gioconda, might not be that straightforward.Da Vinci is thought to have begun work on the enigmatic portrait of Lisa del Giocondo, the wife of a wealthy Tuscan silk merchant, in Florence in 1503. But art historians think he took it with him when he moved to France in 1516.The French Royal family then acquired it and following a spell at Versailles it ended up at the Louvre museum after the French Revolution. It was stolen from the Paris museum in 1911 and was discovered two years later at the Florence home of the Italian patriot and former Louvre employee Vincenzo Peruggia.However, it was exhibited briefly in the Uffizi and then in Rome before it was returned to the Louvre that year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16317030", "title": "Drunk driver rams car into four vehicles, two injured", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A driver high on liquor rammed his car into four vehicles near Mansi Circle after Friday midnight. The accused, identified as Ashish Patel, was nabbed by passers-by who handed him over to Satellite police officials.Two persons including Patel were injured in the incident. Police said the incident had taken place around 1.30 am near Mansi circle. A car came from the direction of Vastrapur lake and was going towards Satellite when its driver hit a scooter rider. The impact was such that the rider, identified as Chandresh Shah, a resident of Naranpura, was flung off the road and sustained injuries.\"Soon after the accident, the driver swerved the car and rammed into a parked car outside a residential colony. Two cars were damaged in the incident. As the passers-by spotted the car out of control, they pursued it when the car again rammed a bike and then after a short distance, came to a standstill after hitting a tree guard on side of the road,\" said a Satellite police official.The residents who followed the car nabbed the driver. A police patrol vehicle rushed to the spot. The driver, Patel, was found drunk and taken to Sola Hospital for treatment.\"Patel is a resident of Bareja village near Daskroi in Ahmedabad district. He visited the city to meet some friends and was returning home when the incident took place. Front portion of the car was badly damaged and Patel sustained head injuries,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16317451", "title": "CM promises speedy clearance", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala would set up an Investment Clearance Board for speedy approval and execution of the projects adopted at the Emerging Kerala meet. All required clearances will be given in 90 days for projects that do not warrant detailed scrutiny at the central agencies like the ministry of forest and environment, said chief minister Oommen Chandy here on Saturday.He told reporters that no regulatory scrutiny would be waived or compromised for these projects in the name of early clearances.A special cabinet would meet in Kochi on September 13, the second day of the conclave,to discuss projects and direct proper follow-up action. Ministers have sought a joint meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for taking these projects forward, Chandy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16318523", "title": "Vyas Dental College, NIMS Dental College in CAG report", "text": "JAIPUR: Two dental colleges from the state have featured prominently in the performance audit of the Dental Council of India (DCI) by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG). The CAG has recently tabled the report in the Lok Sabha.Taking a critical look at the performance of the council and its recommendations for the establishment of the NIMS Dental College under the NIMS University in Jaipur and the Vyas Dental College and Hospital in Jodhpur, amongst 13 new dental colleges that were set up across the country between 2006 and 2011, the CAG has wondered if the council was allowing the same faculty to work in multiple colleges amongst a whole set of other anomalies. The CAG also raps the Union ministry of health and family welfare for allowing some dental colleges to function despite a shortage of faculty and lack of proper infrastructure.According to the CAG report, the council had given a negative recommendation for setting up of these two colleges. The colleges then approached the Supreme Court which ordered the Centre to give a personal hearing. Later, the ministry despite the negative recommendations gave the green signal for establishment of the colleges in September 2006.For the establishment of a dental college, the DCI-a statutory recommendatory body to the Union ministry- has to evaluate proposals, conduct physical examinations and send its recommendations to the ministry which may or may not consider them. The ministry, under the Dentists Act 1948, can then send another team, on the lines of a special investigation team (SIT), to gather more information before reaching a final conclusion. However, the final authority over establishment of a college rests solely with the ministry.In the case of Vyas Dental College and Hospital in Jodhpur, even the special team had given a negative recommendation for its establishment. It's recommendation in the case of the NIMS Dental College was in contrast to the findings of the council.According to the CAG report, the council in its visit to Vyas Dental College, Jodhpur, on September 26-27, 2006 found shortage of teaching and para-medical staff, inadequate clinical material and not up-to-the-mark emergency facilities.On the recommendation of the council, the ministry had disapproved the establishment of the college but the college moved court and was again inspected again by the council on September 15, 2006. This time too council found that the staff quarters were not within the campus and some equipment were uninstalled in addition to the other deficiencies it found earlier.Despite the observations, the ministry gave a go ahead to the college.For the NIMS Dental College, too, the council had pointed inadequacies in dental and medical faculty during its July 2006 visit. A subsequent visit by another team, the CAG report says, disagreed with the council's findings and the college was established.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318151", "title": "Power shutdown", "text": "Power supply will be disrupted in the following areas on Monday from 9am to 5.30pm for maintenence work.Chinnamalai,Taramani: Kotturpuram, Kasturba Nagar, Indira Nagar, Sardar Patel Road, SriNagar Colony, Kanagam, Kottur, Pallipattu Housing Board, Sri Ram Nagar. Sowcarpet West Area: Ramanujam Street, Vinayaga Muthali St, Thambinayakan St, Muniyappa Street, Kothaval Chavadi, Errabalu St, Mannady, Wall Tax Rd, Wood Warf St, Amman koil Street, Telegraph Abbai Street, North Wall Rd, Annapillai St, Palliappan St, Mullaha Sahib St, Perumal Mudhali St, Narayana Mudhali St, St. Muthaiah Street, Goodown Street, Govindhappa st, Mint Street, Thulasingam Street, Periya Naicken Street, Chinna Naicken Street, NSC Bose Road, General Muthaiah Street, TV Basin Street, PKG area, Thandavarayan Street, Arunachalam Street, Thirupalli Street, KN Agraharam, Layor Chinna Thambi Street, KN Tank Road, Petha Naicken Street, Iron Manga St, Kalyanapuram Housing Board, Waltax Rd, Jatkapuram, Kanthappa Street, Murukappa Street, NSC Bose Road, Ela Kanthappa Street, Edayapalayam, Ponnappan Street, Vengatrayan Street, Ramanan Road, Audhiyappa Street, Vaikunda Vaithiyar Street, Kalathipillai Street, Irulappan Street, Elephant Gate Street, Chandrappa Street, Ayya Mudhali Street, Basin Water works Street, Kalyanapuram.Ennore Area: Ennore, Kathivakkam, Ernavoor, EHT consumers, HT Consumer Viz. Ashoke Leyland, Hinduja foundry, MRF,EID Parry, ITC, Piramal Health care Ltd., Energency supply to ETPS and supply to ETPS camp areas. TI Cycle Area : Krishnapuram, Ram Nagar, Lenin Nagar, Kamarajapuram, Municipal Court, Tass Estate, Thiruvenkata Nagar, Cholapuram Road, Cholapuram Road - CTH Road Stedford Hospital, O.T. Bus stand, Oragadam Road, Mounasamy Madam Street, Teachers colony Ambattur, Municipal office, Varadharajapuram, Post Office, Ambattur Railway station bazaar, MTH Road, North park Street, School Street, Ambattur Market.Alwarpet Area: Andiammal Thottam, VK Iyer Street, Srinivasan Road, Warren Road, St. Mary's Road, Ist main Road RA Puram, CP Ramasamy Road (Abiramapuram 1 to 4th Street, Vishalakshi Thottam), CV Raman Road, Beemanna Garden Street, Ashoka Street, Ananda Road, Beemanna Mudali I, IInd Street, Dr.Ranga Road, Sriram Colony.Sidco Nagar Area: Sidco Nagar 1 to 10th blocks, Agathiyar Nagar, Annai Sathya Nagar, Sidco Indl., Balrampuram, Rajaji Nagar, Rajamangalam, North Jeganathan Nagar, G.K.M.colony, Redhills Rd, Thiru Ngr, Thirumangalam Road, New Avadi Road, MTH Road, Sivan koil west &amp; north Mada Street, Thiruvenkadam Street, Lakshmipuram, South Jeganathan Nagar.Guindy area: Guindy Indl. South phase, A, B, C, D &amp; S block, Kathipara junction to No.120 Mount Road, Ekkattuthangal area ( Ambal Nagar, Gandhi Nagar, Poomagal Street, Ganapathy colony, Rajiv Gandhi Street, Lazer Street, Sardar colony), Tiny sector (Developed Plots and Adjacent areas).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16319111", "title": "Joy of Giving week to take root in Bangalore soon", "text": "It's that time of the year again when giving is back in season . The annual Joy of Giving Week\u2014from October 2 to 8\u2014is upon us, and people across the country are on to new ways of reaching out to society and practising goodwill. The campaign , which launched in 2009 , has gained steam over the years and covered wide ground , not only in the number of people it has benefited through collective fundraising and varied acts of charity but also in the range of volunteers it has co-opted , from CEOs to chauffeurs .Last year , The Joy of Giving Week , seven days of intensive philanthropy , accomplished the following feats : it rallied over one million volunteers to the causeof giving ;spreadtoover 70 cities, towns , even villages ; was assisted by about 1,700 schools and 250 colleges ; and managed to raise over Rs 30 crore in cash and kind .Every year has bettered the last one in records set, so expectations are high for 2012. The campaign's website (www.joyofgivingweek .org ) lists a range of initiatives to which volunteers have committed , along with several ideas floated by the campaign itself on what the public can individually do. One of last year's winning initiatives included an event called 'Battle of the buffet' where fine dine restaurants sponsored buffets and raised money through the sale of tickets to these spreads . Another past winner was the Design for Change Contest , which invited schoolchildren tooffer their own unique solutions to local problems . That idea eventually went viral across several countries .This year's innovation is the Wish Tree\u2014a concept that already taken root across corporate offices, multiplexes , banks and hotels. The Wish Tree is quite literally a cut-out of a tree with 'wish cards' in place of foliage . The concept is built on the premise that funds desired by an NGO can be raised efficiently and by a wider base of donors if the amount is broken down into smaller parts\u2014each part accounting for one object the NGO needs . \"The whole budget of an NGO can be broken up into individual wishes,\" says the person who conceived of this idea and wishes to remain anonymous . \"NGOs usually say they need X amount of money\u2014for groceries ,utility bills,consumables and so on . If this gross budget can be broken up into a per capita per day amount ,everyone ,even a factory worker , will be able to sponsor a 'wish' .Moreover ,wewanted a concept that had mass contact , where lots of people could participate in the initiative .\"It turns out that many have already pledged their support to the Wish Tree . ICICI Bank will plant nolessthan 1000of them at their various offices and branches in the country . K Ramkumar , Group Head , HR, at ICICI Bank says , \"This is a participatory programme and it's also fun , which will appeal to our young employees and customers ...that's not to say the old don't want fun .\" The bank's non-executive chairman K V Kamath and Chanda Kocchar , MD and CEO, have even appeared in a promotional video for the tree , which will be circulated within the company . Ramkumar says the company has plans for virtual trees as well. \"The Wish Tree will appear on our ATM screens , enabling customers to electronically donate in denominations of Rs 100, 500 or 1,000. We will also enable donations on our internet banking website.\"It's not only those in the business of funds who have responded enthusiastically to this unique donation drive . Even the hospitality peoplehave puttheir weight behind it. Ramesh Jackson , general manager of the Marriott Hotel in Hyderabad , says the group will place a tree in the lobby of each of its 15 hotels. \"The funds raised will be donated to Marriott Home , a school and residency for children with leprosy-affected family members ,\" he says . \"This way , both guests and employees will be able to contribute .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317586", "title": "Swaraj Sena denies channel attack, says claim was publicity stunt", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after it claimed responsibility for the attack on Viacom18's main office at Vile Parle, the Swaraj Sena has done a complete U-turn, police said. Swaraj Sena chief Swapnil Targe, when questioned by the cops on Saturday, said he had confessed to the attack only to gain publicity for his party. Police however are yet to give Targe a clean chit.Viacom18 owns the channel 'Colors' which is airing the controversial musical reality show 'Sur Kshetra'. On Thursday night, the operations office of 'Colors' at Andheri East and main office at Vile Parle East were vandalized. Eight Shiv Sena workers were arrested for the Andheri incident, where CCTV grabs showed them smashing a glass table, five monitors and hard discs at around 8.30pm. A few hours later, around 12.05am, two men on a bike pelted stones at the Vile Parle office and fled.Targe, who is a school dropout and functions out of a tiny office at Bhandup, told the police he saw news reports of the Vile Parle attack on television and decided to claim responsibility for it to gain mileage for his party. He spoke to scribes but soon learnt that the police were looking for him and decided to lie low. Police finally traced Targe on Saturday, when he claimed that he had nothing to do with the Vile Parle attack. But police will grill him further and check his phone records to verify how genuine his claims are this time.According to Targe, the Swaraj Sena floated earlier this year has only 44 members. No arrests have been made in the Vile Parle attack yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16316389", "title": "Sabhay floors Rohit for junior crown", "text": "BANGALORE: Sabhay Virmani was so unsure of making it to the junior boy's final, that he had booked a return flight to New Delhi at 8pm. As he rushed from the venue amidst rounds of applause on Saturday, the ecstatic Delhi paddler quipped, \"My first title... I'm really going to miss the podium.\"Unseeded Sabhay clinched his maiden national title with a 4-1 (10-12, 11-6, 12-10, 11-9, 11-9) win over Tamil Nadu's R Rohit during the Indian Oil Servo South Zone National Table Tennis Championships in a match where his tactical skills reigned over Rohit's error-prone game play.Trailing 10-12 in the first game, Sabhay's low serves troubled the India no. 11, forcing him to commit unforced errors and the former leveled the match with a 11-6 finish. Rohit continued to struggle in the third and the Chennai paddler gave away a four point lead and netted seven returns to lose 10-12.\"This win is really special. My strategy of forcing him into committing errors worked well,\" said the 16-year-old Class XI student of Hansraj School.Meanwhile, second seed Karnam Spoorthy suffered a shock defeat at the hands of West Bengal's Suthirtha Mukherjee who steamrolled the India number two 4-0 (11-5, 11-3, 11-7, 11-5) in the junior girl's final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16317710", "title": "Judge annuls suit against Bharara", "text": "A US court has dismissed a lawsuit filed by an Indian-origin law student Benula Bensam against Preet Bharara and the justice department for unlawfully questioning her and seizing her phone during Rajat Gupta's insider trading trial. She had filed a case against Bharara, federal prosecutors Reed Brodsky, Richard Tarlowe and the US marshals service in July. District judge Andrew Carter rejected the claims against Bharara, Brodsky, Tarlow, justice department and the marshals service \"for failure to state a claim on which relief can be granted\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16317246", "title": "Builders told to give undertaking on water", "text": "GURGAON: The district administration has instructed the city builders to give an undertaking proclaiming that no underground water is being used at the construction sites in Gurgaon.The decision to seek an undertaking was communicated to the representatives of the builders who had come to a meeting held at the Mini Secretariat on Thursday. The deputy commissioner, P C Meena, and the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, held discussions with the builders about water supply for construction purposes in Gurgaon. During the meeting, Meena made it clear to all the builders and colonizers in Gurgaon to follow the instructions of Punjab and Haryana high court meticulously.He said that the builders could only use treated and recycled water of STPs, whether from government or private source, for construction purposes and the builder will have to disclose the source of such recycled water to the authorities. He clarified that construction is not banned in Gurgaon but use of groundwater in construction is.The treated water from STP will be made available to builders round the clock. Meena said that the daily discharge at HUDA sewage treatment plants is about 33MGD and the requirement of builders in Gurgaon is not more than 9MGD.On the issue of the arrangement of drinking water for the workers at construction sites, the builders were instructed that the registered borewell at the sites can use its water for drinking purposes, provided a water meter and separate electricity meter is installed on it to keep track of extraction of underground water. HUDA administrator said that the colonizers can arrange drinking water for labour from the HUDA Boosting Station of Sector 16. Kumar said that it was the responsibility of the builders to ensure that the recycled water was suitable for construction activities. He clarified that if after some time, damages were noticed in the building, the builder would be held liable. He said that the HUDA authorities would also conduct surprise checks to see if the treated water was up to the mark for construction.He also said that the builder would have to maintain a daily log book maintaining a record of the quantity of recycled water demanded and used. The builders can use treated water from any source or private STP but they have to get it certified from HUDA authorities. HUDA has appointed Executive Engineer of circle - II, A K Makkan as nodal officer for receiving applications. HUDA will inspect the STP set up by the builder for final treatment and certify that only treated water is being used at the construction site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16317471", "title": "670 NGOs in Andhra Pradesh lose licences", "text": "HYDERABAD: The free flow of foreign funds into state's social sector organisations has now been capped by the Union home ministry after it cancelled licences of 4,139 NGOs in the country under the Foreign Contribution Regulatory Act (FCRA), of which 670 NGOs are from Andhra Pradesh.According to the Union home ministry's recent findings, about 15.56 % of the total foreign funds to NGOs in the country go to organisations in AP. Altogether, they had been drawing up to Rs 1,241 crore per annum as foreign funds till last year, officials said.The cancellation of licences has come after the organisations refused to submit their audit records as per FCRA, officials said. Among the organisations whose licences were revoked, 257 are located in Hyderabad. While some of the NGOs are those dealing with women's development, most of the others run as charitable trusts with affiliations to different religious groups and communities. The organisations will not be allowed to draw foreign funds for the next three years as per the FCRA regulations. They can, however, approach a court of law to appeal against the same.Officials said that the cancellation of licences is an annual ritual and even in the past, organisations in AP have been under the home ministry's scanner.\"States like Tamil Nadu and AP have the highest number of NGOs in the country. In such a case, many of these mushrooming institutions might not be following rules as they are out to make quick money,\" said D Nath, senior consultant with the Union home ministry's FCRA wing.He pointed out that most of the NGOs which have lost licences are those set up in the last five to eight years.Meanwhile, representatives of NGOs cried foul at the Union home ministry move. They said that the sector had engaged itself in several developmental activities which had brought sustainable change for various communities. \"It is rather rash of the Union home ministry to cancel their FCRA as these organisations will not be allowed to draw foreign funds for three years. And three years is a long period and could prove to be fatal for small NGOs,\" said Anupam Srivastava, an NGO representative.NGO officials said that the government had not sent them notices before cancelling their FCRA. \"The institutions were not given time to respond. In some cases the notices were sent to old addresses,\" NGO officials rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318650", "title": "Day after elections, tired Panjab University students catch up on sleep", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after witnessing frenzy on the highest note, PU campus wore deserted look on Saturday. The tents and barriers put up by police looked lifeless and all the confetti was washed away by the morning rain. The roads were not abuzz with life like Friday and even the Students' Centre, which is the heart of the university, was unusually silent.As Monday has been declared a holiday most of the hostellers have already left for their homes. Mohinder Pal, a hosteller, said, \"Many have left and those who are still here are sleeping or getting some rest after an action-packed election.\" Though the weekends on the campus are usually lazy, last few hectic days too have their affect. Gurjeet Singh, a SOPU supporter, said, \"Last night celebrations went on till late, so most of the students are catching up on sleep .\"Exuberant campus till yesterday looked completely lifeless. The only few people there had come to fill forms for correspondence courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318562", "title": "Huge rush at car loan mela", "text": "State Bank of India in association with The Times of India organised a car loan mela on Saturday at its main branch with an aim to providing car loan at lowest rate.Various car dealers from the city participated in the event. They were: Narain Ford, Megha Auto, Sunny Toyota, Stallion Honda , KTL, Bright 4 wheels, JSV Hyundai , Goldrush Sales and Services ltd and so on.Overwhelmed with the response, SBI CGM K Ramachandaran said, \"We are the only bank providing loan at the lowest possible rate. This year we have seen growth in Lucknow circle by 150 percent. Four thousand loans have already been dispersed and we are expecting more.\"The icing on the cake as per him is that the loan applied will be processed on the same day at the venue with subject to satisfactory documents.Those who missed the chance to visit on the first day can go on Saturday between 12 pm and 10 pm.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16318497", "title": "Rehabilitate Amanishah residents: BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: The state BJP on Saturday demanded proper rehabilitation of those whose properties would be demolished as part of the state government's anti-encroachment drive at the Amanishah Nullah.Welcoming the high court order on Amanishah Nullah, the Opposition said that before carrying out its anti-encroachment drive, the state government needs to assure rehabilitation of the affected. \"Houses and properties should not be razed before the government formulates a rehabilitation plan for the residents. Moreover, the state government needs to ensure that there is no discrimination against anybody and that properties of even the most influential people, if in the catchment area, are demolished,\" said state president Arun Chaturvedi.Deputy leader of Opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari said that the state government needs to clear the confusion over the central line of the nullah. \"Before launching the drive, the clarification on the central line should come,\" said Tiwari, who also demanded action against authorities and officials who allowed or turned a blind eye to constructions in the catchment area.When pointed out that certain constructions came up under the BJP's regime in the state, he said, \"Irrespective of the government in power, whoever is found responsible for the encroachments should be punished.\"The senior BJP leaders on Saturday were at the state headquarters for the state party's core-committee meeting. Except for the Opposition leader Vasundhara Raje , all members of the core committee were present. Rajya Sabha MP Bhupendra Yadhav was also present.Apart from discussing the party's ongoing membership drive and the forthcoming assembly elections in Gujarat, the core committee members also decided to hold protest against the UPA government in Jaipur on September 14. \"The protest would be held against Coalgate and other scams and major corruption cases under the UPA government and demanding the resignation of PM Manmohan Singh ,'' said Chaturvedi, after the meeting. All office-bearers, public representatives and senior members of the state BJP will participate in the dharna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16326017", "title": "New technology increases fertility rate", "text": "MUMBAI: It will now be possible for parents to see their baby from the time of conception. A new technology in the field of in-vitro fertilization (IVF) claims to increase fertility success rates by 17% and allows the parents to watch their baby grow from the moment it is conceived.The EmbryoScope comes as a boon for childless couples who have been trying hard for a baby through IVF methods. It is an advanced incubator which allows the embryo to be observed minute by minute from the point when in vitro fertilisation takes place to the moment when it is transferred into the uterus. This brand new technique, based on the conventional incubators used in clinical embryology laboratories, includes an image capture system which allows an enormous amount of specific and objective information to be obtained for every embryo, which until now could not be recorded. This allows the doctors to find out new information about the embryos in a non-invasive way, as it avoids the need for taking the embryo out of the incubator to assess its development, improving the selection criteria and, as a result, pregnancy rates.Dr Neils Ramsing, from Unisense Fertilitech, the company which produces EmbryoScope has co-developed this technology over a period of seven years. Dr Ramsing along with a renowned scientist Dr Marcos Meseguer (from IVI Clinic, Spain) who has published data for more than 12,000 IVF cycles using the EmbryoScope, visited Chennai and Bangalore recently and elaborated on the benefits of using this technique.\" Promising a success rate of more than 17%, the technique is a blessing in disguise for people marred by the handicap of infertility. It is a time-lapse system which improves IVF treatments and offers undisturbed culture in a stable environment. This improves the efficiency of the incubation process eventually enhancing the success rate of IVF Cycle,\" said Dr Meseguer from Instituto Valenciano de Infertilidad, Spain.Trivector Scientific , a pioneer in the field of infertility management since the last two decades, is responsible for launching this new technology in India. The instrument provides a unique opportunity to develop new parameters for future embryo scoring and improve embryo assessment in IVF. The development can be seen for five days and after checking pros and cons, best egg is transferred to the womb. The EmbryoScope is a hi-tech platform (equipment) in which six patients' total 72 embryos are grown and monitored un-interrupted till, they are transferred back to mother's womb. This also enables doctors to take an informed decision to select and transfer only the best developed embryos from many - avoiding multiple pregnancies and improving overall success rate.In India, The EmbryoScope has recently been installed in cities including Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Ahmedabad &amp; Patna and will be soon installed in Kerala, Rajasthan and New Delhi in the coming weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16318724", "title": "Apathy helps Jedhe chowk fail traffic test", "text": "PUNE: Keshavrao Jedhe chowk in Swargate can be a lesson and a model in traffic planning for the city, yet the huge junction with ample space is an example of perfect chaos, a telling picture of how traffic and transportation problems are severely neglected here and elsewhere in the city.The chowk's lack of proper road and traffic facilities for safe movement of pedestrians and vehicles reflects the apathy of Pune Municipal Corporation and the traffic branch of the Pune police to implement coordinated measures that will ease the traffic chaos.With five main roads leading to the junction, road users, particularly pedestians, face a major risk in crossing the road safely. A large number of people using the junction are those who are completely new to the city. Thousands arrive by state transport buses from various parts of the state at the Swargate MSRTC bus terminal every day.As many as 1,800 state transport buses arrive at and depart from the terminus located adjacent to the junction. More than three lakh passengers use the road everyday. The junction is also a central point for arrival and departure of PMPML buses on the Katraj-Swargate-Hadpasar Bus Rapid Transit route as well as for buses leaving to almost all important destinations of Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and fringe areas.Anyone present at the chowk can observe how people face a grave risk while crossing the roads amidst vehicles surging from all directions. Harish Awate, a local resident, said, \"There are a large number of people coming from rural areas to the city by state transport buses. The traffic situation at this chowk is very scary for them. They have to run helter skelter amidst fast-moving vehicles.\"Bus passengers, students, women and senior citizens, who tend to jaywalk since pedestrian facilities are missing , face constant life-threatening situations. Last week, a woman lost her life when she attempted to cross the road after alighting from a bus. She stood so close to it that when the signal turned green, the bus driver, who did not see her, ran over her.Prashant Inamdar of Pedestrians First who has extensively studied the traffic problems at the chowk said in the absence of safe and convenient paths identified for crossing the roads, pedestrians have no alternative but to walk randomly in the junction area and find a way through the traffic. Obviously, their lives are always in extreme danger, he said.Shiv Sena group leader Ashok Harnawal said the situation at the chowk is chaotic. \"A large number of people coming to this chowk are new to the city. There is much scope to improve the situation. The PMPML and the PMC must act on the suggestions given by the traffic police.\"Harnawal said the issue was discussed at a meeting of the assurance committee of the MLAs on Thursday. Among others present for the meeting included MLC Mohan Joshi and Shiv Sena leader Neelam Gorhe. Harnawal said he would pursue the issue with additional city engineer and traffic planner Sriniwas Bonala.Bonala claimed that most facilities for pedestrians and road users at Jedhe Chowk are already in place. The traffic situation can ease if there is proper traffic enforcement and action against encroachments. A nearby place on the Katraj-Swargate road stretch has been identified, but vendors are not willing to move. If railings are put on footpaths, it will only create a safe space for hawkers,\" he said.The PMC has planned to build a flyover which will ease the traffic congestion here. Pedestrian subways between the BRT station and the MSRTC terminal has been planned, he added.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre said one of the identified problems at the chowk is the location of the BRT terminal and the route at the central portion of the road near the junction. By keeping it at the centre of the road, we are making people cross the road to get buses without providing any safe passage,\" he said.He suggested that the BRT terminus should be shifted to the side of the road. The traffic branch has even suggested that new state transport bus terminals should be created on various important roads in the city so that transport services are decentralized. However, a final decision is yet to be taken.In Focus** Keshavrao Jedhe chowk is the busiest junction in the city** Five main roads converge here** Two roads lead to Satara/Kolhapur/Mumbai/Bangalore, and another towards Solapur/Hyderabad** Three other roads lead to the heart of the city** The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation terminal is located adjacent to the chowk** Nearly 1,800 state transport buses arrive at and depart from the state transport bus terminal every day** Over three lakh passengers use the junction everyday. There is major pedestrian movement** The junction is the central point for the Bus Rapid Transit route between Katraj-Swargate-HadapsarThe Irritants** Haphazard parking of autorickshaws/vehicles", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16317412", "title": "Water pipelines on Tarnaka road make way for metro", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply &amp; Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) authorities have started shifting the water pipelines on the Tarnaka-Mettuguda stretch to make way for metro rail network. The expenditure of shifting is being borne by Hyderabad Metro Rail Ltd (HMRL) and it is the board's responsibility to lay the pipelines at the places identified.\"Drinking water supply will possibly not be affected during the shifting. The shifting of water pipelines on the 1.5 km stretch between Tarnaka and Mettuguda will be completed in a couple of months,\" HMWS&SB; general manager K Vijaya Rao told TOI. The HMRL has already started soil tests on the right side of the road between Tarnaka and Mettuguda except on a piece of land belonging to St Anthony's church at Mettuguda. With regard to shifting the sewer lines, the Water Board authorities said they need to identify alternate passages for laying them before the existing ones are moved. tnnMeanwhile, HMWS&SB; chief general manager (transmission) V Visweswaraiah said they have received a letter from the metro rail authorities asking them to shift an air valve located near Tarnaka. \"We will do the same within the next 10 days,\" he said but added that water supply will be affected in the area during the shifting of the air valve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16317742", "title": "Two more fasting job aspirants hospitalized; protest to continue", "text": "PANAJI: As two more fasting youth were taken to the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, on Saturday, job aspirants who are on a hunger strike at Azad Maidan for almost a week have said they will continue their protest till their appointments are accepted by the state government.One of the aspirants was part of the animal husbandry department group while the other claimed to have a job in the health department.\"We will continue to protest till we are absorbed into service,\" said one of the youth present.The job aspirants who had received appointment letters under the previous Congress government just before implementation of the election code of conduct from December 24, 2011.The 120-odd youth, who are presently on a protest, claim they have been given appointment letters by the departments of health, animal husbandry and mines department as supervisors.The new BJP government has refused to accept the youth into service stating there are irregularities in their appointments. The youth, however, demanded that the government point out the irregularities to them as the RTI inquiries made by them shows that their appointment process has been done following the proper procedures.Countering aspersions cast on them due to their appointment letters being issued just before the implementation of the code of conduct, one of the youth said \"Did we ask for a particular date? The person who issued the letters should be asked this.\"When asked why they don't pursue the legal option as suggested by the BJP, a youth said \"We have the legal option available as all our documentation is in order, but the matter will drag on for years in court. Also, we do not have huge amounts of money for litigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16318324", "title": "Utilize development funds fully: Anil Deshmukh", "text": "GONDIA: The long awaited meeting of the Gondia district planning commission was held at the collectorate on Thursday. Civil supplies minister and guardian minister of Gondia Anil Deshmukh presided over the meeting.During the meet Deshmukh said that all government agencies must ensure that the funds received is properly utilized for the various development schemes.He lauded the effort of the district authorities in utilizing a big portion of funds that had been sanctioned for the financial year 2011-12. He said that out of Rs127.38 crore allotted to the district, Rs113.38 crore has been utilized. This is 98.07 per cent of the total fund amount. For the current year the fund allotted was Rs162.95 crore rupees out of which as on August 31, Rs37.79 crore has been utilized.Deshmukh added that the district administration has drawn up a proposal for a milk scheme for the district . He called upon all the political leaders to back the proposal so that it could be cleared soon. He also stressed the need to pay special attention to developing tourism sector, particularly the various religious and picnic spots in the district where more that one lakh tourists visit every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "16317168", "title": "Ace athlete down with dengue", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Sushmita Sinha Roy, who made the country proud by winning a gold Sushmita Sinha Roy, who won the gold in heptathlon in the last Asiad and represented India in the sport, both in the Beijing and London Olympics, was detected is down with dengue a week back. The athlete has been she has been admitted to a private nursing home in Midnapore town.Sushmita was to participate in the Open National Games in Chennai, to be held from September 10 to 13. but won't be going due to the illness.She had Sushmita had practised hard for the event and is upset that she will not be able to participate, rued her family members. at Chennai but has been down with fever from Monday.The athlete had been down with fever since Monday. The rapid test was done on Wednesday which confirmed dengue. and the results She had a blood test on Wednesday. The result showed NS-1 positive.On Thursday, she was taken in an ambulance from the Sport Authority of India (SAI) hostel in Kolkata, where she lived, to Midnapore from Kolkata in an ambulance. She used to stay at the Sports Authority of India's She is under the treatment of her cousin brother Soumen Sinha Ray.The doctor said, hostel in Kolkata. \"Sushmita was detected with dengue, but is better now. She hasn't had temperature for the past 24 hours. But she won't be able to participate in the Open National Games in Chennai,\" said doctor Soumen Sinha Roy, who also happens to be her cousin.The athlete's mother Anima said, \"After Sushmita was detected with dengue, we decided to bring her closer home. Her father Achintya Sinha Roy works at the Midnapore police lines. It wouldn't have been possible for either of us to go to be at her side in Kolkata. We, therefore, thought it better to bring her that she be brought to Midnapore, specially because our nephew is a doctor here.\"So far, two dengue deaths have been confirmed in Midnapore. A college student died of fever at Midnapore Medical College on Saturday morning, but the result of her blood test is not yet known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16322864", "title": "Low response to PMPML complaint redressal programme", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited received just 34 complaints on its first \"Pravasi Din'' programme organized for redressal of grievances of the passengers.The Pravasi Din programme was held at all the ten depots of PMPML. It was for the first time that PMPML organized the programme, on the lines of the 'Lokshahi Din' organised by the municipal corporation and other government departments for redressal of complaints from citizens.Asked about the poor response to the Pravasi Din programme, PMPML officials said that many people are still not aware about the initiative. Another reason for the low response could also be that people also do not get the time to attend such programme. PMPML officials said that there would be no change in the day and the timings of the Pravasi Din programme, which is held on the first Monday of every month between 10 am and 12 noon at all the PMPML depots.The next programme will be held on October 1. PMPML will respond to all complaints within one months period. Commuters who have earlier made any complaint can get the replies at the next month's Pravasi Din programme.Bus commuters groups had earlier appealed citizens to make complaints about low frequency of buses, bad condition of buses and lack of bus shelters. Every complaint, even if it is of minor nature, should be reported to PMPML, the commuters groups said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16319110", "title": "Wired for 4 years, now he\u2019s got his heart back", "text": "BANGALORE: CA Channabasappa, 34, from Haveri district had a startling claim to fame recently. Channabasappa , popularly known as 'mechanical man' in and around his region, is the first person from Asia who survived on an artificial heart for four years, and then got it successfully removed.\"I am a medical science miracle. Doctors say the heart problem I faced was a rare disease and very difficult to cure. But here I am, six years after my ailment was diagnosed, set to lead a normal life,\" says Channabasappa, a farmer who recently got married.His story began six years ago. \"One day, while I was at work, I felt a pang in my chest. I started feeling uncomfortable and was taken to a hospital in Haveri. Since the hospital was not wellequipped , the doctors just performed an ECG and gave me some medication,\" recalls Channabasappa.He came to Narayana Hrudayalaya and was diagnosed with cardiomyopathy , a rare disease where the heart muscles weaken. \"After a year, doctors informed me about the artificial heart, for which I needed to undergo a surgery . I was operated on in 2008. For the next four years, I survived on an artificial heart,\" says Channabasappa.Life with a backpack\"I had to carry a backpack with all the external devices to support the machine working as my heart inside my body. A wire would stick out of my body to support the machine with electric signals that it received either from external batteries or by plugging it into a socket. Although it sounds weird, I led a normal life while I was on this machine,\" says Channabasappa.He was operated on again on July 26, 2012, to restart his original heart and to ex-plant the machine. \"I am back on my original heart and feeling good about it. Although I didn't face any problems with my artificial heart, this feels better,\" says Channabasappa.A rare case, say docsAs CA Channabasappa returned home after a successful ex-plant surgery, his artificial heart in his hand, there was some wonder in Narayana Hrudayalaya. Channabasappa, who had survived on the artificial heart for four years, was operated on by Dr PV Rao and Dr Rajesh TR. \"Till date, we've operated on four patients to implant an artificial heart. But this is the first case when an artificial heart has been removed and the patient is back on his original one,\" said Dr Rajesh, consultant cardiovascular surgeon. The surgery that saved Channabasappa is expected to save many lives. \"Artificial heart is the way forward. I'm sure the cost will come down,'' said Dr Devi Shetty.How does an artificial heart work?It is a fist-sized metal equipment (VentraAssist) made of titanium. It involves implanting a small centrifugal pump which works like an artificial heart inside the chest with two tubes, one collecting blood from the left ventricle, and the second returning the blood to the body by directly injecting it into the aorta. This pump requires energy that is provided by a wire which comes out of the skin and is connected to a rechargeable battery, much like a mobile phone battery which needs to be recharged every few hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317194", "title": "Obsession turns fatal, minor kills 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: Infatuation of a schoolboy ended in bloodbath in central Delhi's Nabi Karim area. The 16-year-old murdered four-year-old son of a 24-year-old woman \u2014 his love interest \u2014 after she allegedly spurned his advances. The boy has been detained and the murder weapon\u2014a pair of scissors\u2014seized.Police said the incident occurred early Saturday morning at Nabi Karim in central Delhi. The woman and her family were tenants of the boy. He developed a one-sided liking for her and tried to be physically intimate with her. But when she refused, he threatened to kill her three children. She did not take the threat seriously. The victim has been identified as Abhishek. A senior police officer said the woman had come to the Nabi Karim police station with her two other children after her husband was picked up on suspicion of torching a scooter. She had left behind Abhishek as he was sleeping.\"Around 12.30am, we received a call regarding a scooter being set on fire. On the basis of the allegations of the scooter owner, we picked up the woman's husband for questioning. The woman later came to the police station with her two children and aunt,\" said the senior officer. Police later found out that it was the teen who had torched the vehicle in the hope that cops would take away the woman's husband.When she returned home around 3.30am, she found Abhishek lying amid a pool of blood. The boy was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead.\"When we questioned the teen, he said he had entered the woman's home and found the child asleep. He then stabbed him 30 times in the abdomen with a scissor,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317266", "title": "Social media new security challenge: Manmohan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Weeks after government imposed a limited period ban on bulk SMSes and MMSes and blocked certain \"inflammatory\" web pages, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday cautioned that efforts to curb the misuse of new means of communication and social media networks should not be at the cost of freedom of expression.Addressing a meeting of chiefs of state police, intelligence agencies and central paramilitary forces, Singh said that communal situation in the country had worsened, particularly in Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra, Karnataka and Kerala.On how to regulate social media, the PM said: \"Any measure to control the use of such media must be carefully weighed against the need for the freedom to express and communicate\".He also warned that the terror groups retain the capability to mount another attack through the sea route. \"There are also indications about terrorist groups maintaining their ability to use the sea route,\" he said in what was unanimously interpreted as an acknowledgement of the threat of a repeat of 26/11.Emphasizing the need to check the misuse of social media by subversives, Singh said: \"The use of bulk SMSes and social media to aggravate the communal situation is a new challenge that the recent disturbances have thrown before us. We need to fully understand how these new media are used by miscreants. We also need to devise strategies to counter the propaganda that is carried out by these new means\".He, however, expressed confidence that police would shortly be able to devise \"effective strategies to deal with these tendencies\".His remarks came with reference to the use of SMSesMMSes and web pages \u2014 carrying morphed images - by certain elements to trigger violence against people from the north-east. The hate campaign marked a new security challenge, which was acknowledged by the PM in his address to the security brass.Though the government had imposed a limited ban for two weeks on bulk SMSes and MMSes and blocked certain web pages and threatened to launch a crackdown on social media like Facebook and Twitter, the response of authorities was criticized for both heavy-handedness and impracticality of enforcing the regulation.The PM's remarks capture the dilemma the government faces as it struggles to fashion responses to the competing demands of freedom of expression, citizens' privacy and the need to maintain public order. Singh's admission about the worsening communal situation underscores the sensitive issue is on UPA's watch. The regime has listed restoration of communal harmony among its top achievements.As solutions to handle communal tensions, the PM expressed the need to develop \"soft skills\" among beat constable, re-orienting police forces to effectively track the sentiments of people and inter-community tensions, advance identification of potential trouble makers and seeking cooperation of community.On terror threats in the hinterland, he said, \"We are still in the process of developing capabilities to take pre-emptive action in respect of terrorist threats.\"Realignment of operational approaches, training of police personnel and more effective collaboration among states and between States and the Centre should form part of our overall strategy of dealing with the menace of terrorism,\" he added.He too, like home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , preferred to keep quiet over the setting up of the controversial NCTC - a brainchild of former home minister P Chidambaram that was conceived as a premier anti-terror body for coordinated action against terrorists.The PM, however, did some plain speaking before the top cops telling that capacity of the police to tackle inter-community relations has weakened and grass root intelligence collection system had \"languished in some places\".Underlining cyber security as another key area where cops need to work effectively, Singh said: \"Our country's vulnerability to cyber crime is escalating as our economy and critical infrastructure become increasingly reliant on inter-dependent computer networks and the internet\".On Red terror, the PM pointed at the ability of Maoists to gradually increase their numbers and enhance their \"military potential\" as causes of worry. He said: \"Acquisition of indigenous capacity for fabrication of hardware and the ability to ideologically sway sections of society into raising clamour about violation of human rights only adds to the complexity of the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16317722", "title": "If action taken, even Union min could face the music", "text": "PANAJI: If action is initiated against the guilty as per the Shah commission's recommendations, many officials across departments and agencies, even the Union environment minister and state mines minister, will have to face prosecution, some of them several times over, for irregularities in Goa's mining sector. At the very least, they would have a lot to answer for.But the Union ministry of mines, to whom the commission report has been submitted, has merely stated, in its action taken report, that it will refer the recommendations for action to the various departments concerned. The departments include the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), Indian bureau of mines (IBM), state government and state and central departments.The mines ministry has, however, disagreed with the commission urging action against IBM officials for allowing an increase in iron ore production on commercial grounds, overlooking the tenets of scientific mining. The ministry has countered stating that mining plans are tentative and changes are needed due to various reasons, including market demand.The commission, in its report, has observed that MoEF had stipulated a condition for issuing environmental clearances for mining under the provisions of EIA Notification 1994 and/or 2006. Under this condition, the prior approval of the chief wild life warden (CWLW) in 31 mining projects (49 leases) in Goa had to be obtained.Terming the CWLW as a soft, non-competent authority, the commission held that stipulating this condition was beyond the provisions of the Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972 and the CWLW was not empowered under the Act to issue approvals for mining in eco-sensitive zones. \"It is an undue favour extended to the lessees by doing so,\" the commission noted.It has urged MoEF to identify such officials, including the minister responsible for laying down such a condition, and to initiate action against them under the law.Similarly, it has stated that mining activities in leases within 10km of buffer zones, without approval of the standing committee of the national board for wild life (NBWL), should be stopped.The commission has further found violations of environment and forest laws in iron ore mining in eco-sensitive zones and has found that the state government failed to regulate mining activity.Conditions laid down in the environment clearances are to be regulated by the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB), MoEF's environment wing, its regional office in Bangalore and the state mines department. As the 10km-buffer zone was not kept sacrosanct, action should be taken against MoEF officials and ministers for allowing these operations, the commission has noted.It has also hauled up officials of the state mines and geology department for failing to ascertain that all statutory clearances were obtained before allowing mining activity. In 42 cases, it observed that the state government issued renewals to leases despite the delay to file applications by the due date of November 24, 1988.It has observed the \"collective and individual failure\" of the state mines and geology department, GSPCB, forest department, environment department, IBM, MoEF's regional office in Bangalore and biological biodiversity board in enforcing environment clearance conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321023", "title": "Tiger Shroff to play a North Indian lover boy", "text": "Tiger Shroff's debut in Sajid Nadiadwala's production would take some doing. Shroff junior plays a ruffian from a small North Indian town.No, he isn't doing another Ishaqzaade. But yes, Tiger Shroff would be playing a character from a small parched dusty North Indian town. And therefore the dilemma facing the team is, how to keep the two stories and more importantly the two characters apart?Says a source, \"The script written by Sanjeev Dutta who wrote Life In a Metro and Page 3, takes Tiger's character in the Indian heartland. Though it's a completely different subject from Ishaqzaade the problem is, how to keep the ambience and the characters apart.\"For one, the idea of going to Lucknow has been completely discarded. Says the source, \"Too many Bollywood love stories recently are set in Lucknow or Varanasi. For Tiger's film they're considering other options like Kanpur in UP or Patna in Bihar for shooting. The idea is to remain true to Sanjeev Dutta's character and script and yet take Tiger as far away from Arjun Kapoor's character and personality in Ishaqzaade as possible. We want absolutely no comparison between Arjun and Tiger.\"We hear the role requires loads of action and dancing. Tiger's twin forte and Arjun's weak points. Tiger confirms this. Says the excited debutante, \"The action and dance are a big part of the script. I've been training really hard for those. And I don't need to unlearn those skills. But yes, there's a lot of new things I need to learn for the role.\"And for this he needs at least six months of training... Over and above the rigorous training Tiger has been going through for the last four years, Tiger would now be training for the specific character. Says Tiger, \"I will be spending a month in the town chosen for shooting. Fortunately for me, I've never had any formal acting training before. So they can mould me any way they want for the character. I am already training to be in character.\"Adds a source close to the film, \"It's a love story set in a small town in North India. We're going to make sure no one sees even a hint of Arjun in Tiger. The director Sabir Khan was earlier going to make Heer Aur Ranjha with Shahid Kapoor. But when he got Sanjeev Dutta's script, he knew this was what he wanted to do with Jackie's boy. The role has loads of action and dancing. Tiger is a toughie and also a lover-boy. It is just what audiences would expect from Jackie dada's son.\"A hunt is on for a completely new face to star opposite Tiger. The girl is expected to be locked in within the next one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16317210", "title": "Health department on mission to upgrade state hospitals", "text": "KOLKATA: Ramriklal Haralalka Hospital, the government-run establishment that has been languishing for years, will soon be demolished. The new building to come up in will be built in its place will to act serve as an annex to the adjacent SSKM hospital.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee made a surprise visit to the hospital on Saturday to take stock of the conditionsee for herself the hospital's condition. This apart, the health department will upgrade is also upgrading many other government and Kolkata Municipal Corporation-run hospitals and health centres in the city and elsewhere with MPLAD funds.State municipal affairs and urban development minister Firhad Hakim said,\"The CM has asked health secretary Sanjay Mitra to prepare a report whether a new building can be set up where the Ramriklal Hospital now stands. The Ramriklal hospital will be demolished and a new building will be set up that will act as an annex building for SSKM hospital.Also, a waiting room for SSKM hospital will be set up on DL Khan Road,\" said state municipal affairs and urban development minister Firhad Hakim.Hakim added that MPLAD funds will be spent on improving health services across the state. \"Several state-run hospitals will be upgraded. Apart from improving the infrastructure, the number of beds will be in them will be increased. Other infrastructure in these hospitals too will be upgraded,\" he said, adding that Rs 6.39 crore from the MPLAD funds will be spent for the purpose.The minister also said that about 50 ambulances will be introduced in several villages of the state along with 20 vans attached with refrigerators to send milk and vegetables to remote places.Some among the hospitals that will be upgraded are Important hospitals likeNational Medical College and Hospital, North Bengal Medical College and Hospital, Shambhunath Pandit hospital, MR Bangur hospital and Sagar Dutta hospitalalong with others will be developed with MPLAD funds.The health department is also working to spread awareness on cancer treatment in the districts. Free chemotherapy has started in North Bengal Medical College from August 15 this year, while work on upgrading infrastructure for cancer treatment has already started in Darjeeling, Jalpaiguri and South Dinajpur district hospitals. Cancer treatment experts from Chittaranjan National Cancer Research Institute will visit Siliguri, Jalpaiguri and Birbhum district hospitals once a month to check patients. Sources said that this service will be extended to twice a month in the future.When asked about the government's stand on the dengue outbreak, Hakim said that the DM of Howrah has been instructed to form a team for spraying mosquito killing oils in the town. Besides, a KMC team will spray oil at Writers' Buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16318628", "title": "Delhi\u2019s lust for mommy porn puts publishers on overdrive", "text": "NEW DELHI: There's a breathless rush for 'mommy porn' in the city book stores and at the ongoing Delhi Book Fair. And it has prompted publishers to come out with a slew of similar quickies, even reprint passionate erotic tales from the 19th century.At the centre of this craze is E L James' globally bestselling erotic novel, 'Fifty Shades of Grey', in which a college girl agrees to have kinky sex with a young entrepreneur. This was followed by two similar sequels: 'Fifty Shades Darker' and 'Fifty Shades Freed'. Coming soon are Sylvia Day's 'Bared To You' and 'Jane Eyre Laid Bare', where writer Eve Sinclair literally sexes up the 19th century classic. One publisher is also coming out with a series of good old Victorian-era porn called, 'Forbidden Classics'.Ajay Mago of Om Bookstore says, \"Sales of the Fifty Shades trilogy are huge. Across eight stores, we have been selling 50 copies a day consistently.\" At the Delhi book fair too it is selling briskly at his stall.The term \"mommy porn\" was coined by New York Times to describe the hard-to-place genre of 'Fifty Shades'. Many critics and even the author herself have resisted and criticized the tag as \"insulting\" and \"derogatory\".'Fifty Shades of Grey' makes porn socially acceptableThe erotic 'Fifty Shades' trilogy has been the \"top-seller\" at his store for two months now, with even the three-book set flying off the shelves at the rate of nearly 15 every day, says Mirza Afsar Baig of Mid Land. \"Most buyers are young to middle-aged, employed women ,\" he adds.The social acceptability of porn is a new phenomenon. X-rated books were always available at the corner bookshop though they were generally placed on a hard-to-reach bookshelf. The difference today is that today it finds prime space on the display window. Baig, a veteran in the book-selling business, talks about the 1980s, when Shirley Conran's 'Lace' had just come out. The book, with graphic sex scenes was banned in India, and was therefore hard to procure. \"I still managed to sell more than 4,000 copies. People would come and ask for it in hushed tones. It's not like the market for these books is new. It's only out in the open now,\" he says. Bondage, it seems, is good for book business today.The success of these books has come as a surprise for publishers. They are now certainly more confident, making moves as bold as the content of these books. \"A year ago the trade (in India) was resistant to erotic fiction. Our distributors and retail partners were reluctant to stock the backlist of titles we were promoting from St. Martin's press, one of our imprints. Clearly, 'Fifty Shades of Grey' has changed all that. Previously there was a presumption that reading erotic books was smutty and not suitable for women. 'Fifty Shades' has suddenly made it acceptable. There's promise for the genre in India,\" says Daniel Watts, regional director of Pan Macmillan India, that is soon to launch five books in the genre. However, he adds that one must be cautious of \"a potential bubble in the genre\".Another upcoming title is 'Destined to Play' by Indigo Bloome. The book is about a lecturer who is offered 48 hours of passion by an ex-lover. The blurb reads, \"No sight. No questions. 48 hours.\" A spoof titled '50 Sheds of Grey' by Colin Trevor Grey is also to see release soon. The blurb for 'Seduction' by a writer under the name of \"Velvet\" makes a direct reference to the E L James hit, saying Velvet has been \"writing erotica long before the release of 'Fifty Shades of Grey', she knows how to make your heart race...\"The gravy train for books is steadily chugging along but those outside the publishing industry are also looking to hop on to it. Hollywood is hot on its heels chasing the film rights for the book. EMI is planning to release an album of classical music \u2014 a compilation of Christian Grey's western classical favourites. You can even buy 'Fifty Shades of Grey' merchandise like sweatshirts off the internet. Wear your love or lust for the series on your sleeve. Literally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "16318482", "title": "Vikramshila varsity in Buddhist Circuit likely", "text": "BHAGALPUR: The demand for the inclusion of the ancient Vikramshila Mahavihara in the Buddhist Circuit along with other places, has been realized with the ministry of tourism, Government of India, agreeing to include the historical seat of education in the Buddhist Circuit for its unified development in the 12th plan in collaboration with the states concerned.Vikramshila Mahavihara was one of the two most important centers of Buddhist learning in India during the Pala dynasty. The other was Nalanda University. It was established by King Dharmapala (783 to 820 AD) and at present is located at about 50 km east of Bhagalpur and about 13 km north-east of Kahalgaon railway station on Bhagalpur-Sahebganj section of Eastern Railway.At present, the area is under the jurisdiction of Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) that had undertaken excavations from 1960 to 1981 to conserve the ancient seat of learning, according to sources. BJP MP from Bhagalpur Shahnawaz Hussain, who had made efforts for the inclusion of Vikramshila Mahavihara into the Buddhist Circuit, had raised the issue of delay in the inclusion of Vikramshila Mahavihara in the Buddhist Circuit in Parliament recently.The Central government agreed to get the ancient seat of learning included in the Buddhist Circuit, informed the BJP MP adding this would not only bring back the glory of the historical Vikramshila Mahavihara but also promote tourism and lead to rapid development on the region.The Buddhist Circuit includes Lumbini in Nepal, Bodh Gaya, Sarnath near Varanasi in UP and Kushinagar near Gorakhpur in UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16317409", "title": "Congress must act tough on 'opportunists', says Chiru", "text": "HYDERABAD: Yet again taking potshots at the Kiran Kumar Reddy government and PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana, Rajya Sabha member Chiranjeevi on Saturday claimed that the state Congress was suffering from lack of coordination and indecisiveness. The filmstar-turned-politician also trained his guns on YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy by stating that the Congress should act firmly against those who quit the party after reaping the benefits with the help of the ruling party and are now working against it.Chiranjeevi made these comments while participating in the brainstorming session of former presidents and other functionaries of Andhra Pradesh Youth Congress since 1972. The meeting was organised with the objective \"save the party, strengthen the party\" by Rajya Sabha member V Hanumantha Rao, and was attended by senior leaders of the party such as former ministers Vasantha Nageswara Rao, G Chinna Reddy, M J Manik Rao, B Sammaiah and MLC Farooq Hussain and former AIYC secretary M Narayana Rao. However, ministers, MLAs and those in power were conspicuous by their absence.The theme of the meeting was to urge the Congress not to embrace the YSR legacy. This was to counter the event held in Delhi on Friday at which a galaxy of Congress leaders from the state and Centre claimed YSR as their own leader and heaped praises on him. Ironically, Chiranjeevi was present in the Delhi event and also chose to attend the meeting here on Saturday and criticise the state party and Jagan.Chiranjeevi summed up the sentiments of those present in the meeting as displaying all pervading cynicism and inactivity. \"If you (the party) want to take the decision, take it firmly. Think of the repercussions and convince the people of the same. Stating that winning or losing the election may not be new and routine, he however said, the present situation was different and devastating.Directly targeting Jagan, Chiranjeevi said, \"Those who enjoyed power, amassed wealth and looted the assets of the people by being part of the Congress have set up a separate party and are seeking to overthrow the government and uproot the ruling party. How could you espouse support to them, what is your loyalty? The Congress has helped them grow in public life. But they want to see that the party is not in power and that it should not survive. It is like dancing here and there,\" he said.Hanumatha Rao, who presided over the programme, said the bypoll effect strongly warrant the need to strengthen the party from the grassroot level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16332346", "title": "Frequency of Patna special increased", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Railways have decided to extend the frequency of train number 02393/02394 Patna-Anand Vihar Terminal superfast special train from tri-weekly to six times a week. Train number 02393 Patna-Anand Vihar Terminal superfast special will run on all days except Tuesday, with immediate effect, upto November 29 from Patna . While, on the other hand, train number 02394 will run on all days except Wednesday, till November 30, from Anand Vihar.The train will comprise one first AC, one AC 2-tier, five AC 3-tier and 12 sleeper class coaches. The train will stop at Danapur, Ara, Buxar, Mughalsarai, Allahabad and Kanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16323552", "title": "Cheryl Cole happy and having lots of fun right now", "text": "Cheryl Cole said that she is having a lot of fun now, as she revealed everything about her life - from new boyfriend Tre Holloway to former husband Ashley Cole during an interview.When an audience member shouted out \"do you have a boyfriend?\" on the Jonathan Ross Show, Cole replied: \"I am having a lot of fun right now, and I'm a very happy person.\"And when show host Ross asked who \"that gentleman there\" was (and pointed to Holloway) she joked: \"I don't know, but he's handsome.\"The former Girls Aloud singer was also asked if she ran her upcoming autobiography past ex-husband Ashley Cole before she handed it over to the printers.\"Yes, I didn't have to, but I let him know it was happening,\" The Mirror quoted her, as saying.\"It wouldn't have mattered if he did [ask for changes], to be quite honest, I just thought it would be nice that I gave him the heads up, so he can leave the country two weeks before,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16324802", "title": "Rajasthan to have good production of Kharif", "text": "JAIPUR: The agriculture department is upbeat with the heavy rainfall that engulfed the major parts of the state. Rajasthan has now come out of the menacing tag of drought with 85% of the sowing has been achieved so far. With sunshine hovering over the sky farmers and government are hoping for good production of Kharif ahead.Out of 150 lakh hectares targeted for Kharif sowing this year, the state has achieved 127 lakh hectares till September 5. Nine districts have gone beyond 100% while 14 have achieved above 90% of their sowing targets. Though it is still short from the last year's 142 lakh hectares but picture looks good after state has received late monsoon.\"The season has almost come to an end and we expect only a marginal increase in our sowing targets. But we are satisfied as till few days back we had a drought like situation. From here we can expect good crop of maize, soyabean, guar and even bajra in areas like Bharatpur division\" said the DB Gupta, principal secretary, agriculture department.Despite good looking situation the government still have reasons to worry for Jaisalmer, Barmer, Bikaner, Jodahpur and Tonk districts. The Jaisalmer district which had 5.32 lakh hectares of land under cultivation in 2011 has reduced to 2.09 lakh hectares in 2012. While Barmer which had 12.63 lakh hectares in 2011 has come down to 7.81 lakh in the current year for Kharif.However the officials believe that if downpour continues till September, these areas too will come near the target. \"We are not expecting the situation like last year which was excellent for Kharif crop but if it rains in Western Rajasthan in September which is likely, even these areas will near to their targets\" said Bhawani Singh Detha, commissioner agriculture.The late arrival of monsoon has completely changed the crop pattern in the state. Bajra which serves the dual purposes for the farmers as fodder and crop has paved way to pulses and Jowar and oilseeds.\"Since pulses like urad, moong and moth needs less water compared to Bajra, farmers sowed them in bounty fearing less rainfall this year. However Bajra, after heavy rain caught up and we have achieved 66% of our targets\" said official of the agriculture department.Farmers also took a sigh of relief with sufficient sowing of Bajra and Maize. The prices which shot up to Rs. 800 per quintal in mid August now dipped to Rs. 200 per quintal. \"For us Bajra is more important than any other crop. It gives us green fodder. Though there were unreasonable price rice in between but now it is again coming back to normal\" Rajveer Singh, farmer from Kanota.On contrary the agriculture department now has started receiving complaints of possible crop damage due to water clogging in the fields. \"There are fear among the farmers in certain patches of Ajmer that crop may get damage if water clogging continues in the fileds. We have taken a note of it and working to ensure that such situation doesn't arise,\" added Detha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321094", "title": "Producer Sunil Bohra to take Jaguar company to court", "text": "Producer Sunil Bohra is livid with the Jaguar automobile company. His 10-month old Jaguar, XF luxury sports car, has developed senior snags within ten months of purchase. And the company refuses to take responsibility. Bohra will now approach the consumer court this week.Sounding deeply upset about the problems plaguing his prized possession Bohra said, \"My Jaguar (registration number MH04 FF 2772) is just 10 months old. It has run for less than 5,000 kms. But when its brake pads developed rust, the company sent me an email asking for Rs 1 lakh as repair charges. The tyre burst once and the mag-wheel has also cracked. The company says that they cannot provide any kind of help and neither the insurance company will be able to help in any way. The car is worth about Rs.1 crore and I have paid the full insurance amount. Yet the company says that we will have to pay the whole amount for repairs. Why??\"Unable to comprehend the logistics of the stonewalling attitude, Bohra will now go to the consumer court on Tuesday. \"I would've filed a criminal case. But my legal department has advised me to approach the consumer court. What is really baffling and unacceptable to me is that a car company as reputed as Jaguar is playing such games with me. We allow multi-national companies to come in because we believe they will provide us with world-class consumer goods. Lekin agar Jaguar ka yeh haal hai toh imagine karo baqi maulti-national companies ke kya haal hoga. I won't spare them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318680", "title": "UT cop sent in police custody", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Inspector Tarsem Rana of Chandigarh police, who was arrested on Friday by Panchkula police for allegedly helping a fake IPS officer, was remanded to two days' police custody on Saturday. Rana had allegedly provided a police vehicle to the fake IPS officer Aman Kumar of Kurukshetra, despite being aware about the latter's illegal activities. Aman was arrested in Panchkula on August 1 and is in police custody.Panchkula police also raided the house of Rana in police colony, Sec 26, and recovered some photos, proving the presence of Rana at some functions hosted by Aman.Rana is the second city cop to be nabbed by Panchkula police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16332379", "title": "Skill validation certificate for labourers mooted", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If everything goes as planned, hundreds of skilled labourers in the state would soon get opportunities to obtain 'skill validation certificates' from the state technical education directorate.The directorate has given an in-principle clearance for a proposal submitted by the Kerala State Literacy Mission for conducting skill validation tests on a regular basis. \"We have given a proposal to the technical directorate for conducting skill validation tests at polytechnic colleges. The qualified instructors who take classes for skill development courses will assess and validate the skill sets of those appearing for the test.Based on their skill and basic knowledge necessary for doing the work perfectly, candidates will be given grade certificates,\" said Kerala State Literacy Mission director Alassan Kutty.According to him, professional grading and certification of the skilled workers would help them a lot when they seek jobs in companies, especially in overseas countries. During the initial phase, skilled workers such as carpenters, gold smiths, plumbers etc would be provided the opportunity to appear for the tests.\"We have offered all possible assistance to the literacy mission for organizing the skill validation programme. At present, 27 of the 43 government polytechnic colleges in the state offer community development programmes.Union ministry of human resources development gives Rs 20 lakh to each of these polytechnics for conducting such programmes. Two aided polytechnics in the state also offer the same programme. We have offered assistance and guidelines for preparing syllabus for skill development and conduct of examinations at colleges that offer community development programmes,\" said state technical education director, J Letha.The literacy mission is also seeking the co-operation of central government sponsored jan shikshak sansthan (JSS) centres in the state for the roll out of the programme. Since JSS is offering several skill development courses, their cooperation would help to popularize the programme among skilled workers in a big way.The skill validation programme is mooted as an initial step towards organizing \"functional literacy\" initiatives for enhancing the all-round quality of skilled manpower in the state. \"The functional literacy programme is a much advanced scheme, that would require well documented teaching and learning materials for persons engaged in different skill based jobs. Central government is learnt to be ready with a programme in similar lines. Once that scheme is on, we would move towards \"functional literacy\" programmes,\" Alassan Kutty added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16333131", "title": "Merchants want hawkers out from commercial streets", "text": "BELGAUM: The issue of keeping gadawalas (hawkers) out from the main commercial streets of the city has once again come to the fore, with the Belgaum Chamber of Commerce and Industries (BCCI) taking the matter seriously this time. It's a long pending demand of the merchants in the busy market street to vacate hawkers, whose presence, they allege, is hindering their business.Traffic police administer one side vehicle parking on the main streets of the city. Parking side changes on a daily basis. Hawkers cover non-parking side of the streets and sometimes even the parking side.Because of this, roads get congested and create hurdles to commuters for free movement and also for customers for entering into shops. The problem often finds place in merchants' regular meetings.According to former BCCI president Vikas Kalaghatagi, the main commercial streets like Kirloskar Road, Ramdev Galli, Khade Bazar, Maruti Galli, Ganapati Galli must be made hawker-free. \"Hawkers are supposed to travel from street to street and sell their products. But here, they have settled at one place, that too at the prominent commercial hub of the city for a long time. The BCC should remove them from there and create separate hawkers' zone to run their business,\" he said and suggested that the Cantonment Board of Belgaum is an ideal place where there is a lot of open land.Satish Tendolkar, president of BCCI said the number of hawkers is increasing constantly on the city streets and the city corporation has no control over it. BCCI members approached corporation commissioner Priyanka Mery Francis in the office on Friday in this regard and submitted a memorandum. \"However, the commissioner didn't give us any firm assurance in this regard, except ordering the officials to conduct a survey of hawkers in city\", Tendolkar said to the STOI.When asked, city engineer (North) R S Nayak said it is a policy matter and the BCC needs to conduct A survey first and later take a decision on which areas could be declared as separate hawkers' zones and hawker-free zones, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16317587", "title": "'Goa looking out for international consultants'", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's principal secretary, tourism, Samuel Mathew has said that Goa is looking for international consultancies for turning Goa into a world class tourism destination.Speaking at the 47th annual FHRAI (Federation of Hotel &amp; Restaurant Associations of India) convention, Mathew said, that Goa has to go beyond beach tourism which the state has been following for decades.He said to turn Goa into a destination of international class, \"we are looking for international agencies which can provide us with the consultancy services.\" Sounding a word of caution, he also mentioned that the growth has to be sustainable.\"We also have to take care of environmental issues and local population. They have to be protected. Tourism is a multi-dimensional industry and many inter-departmental procedures are to be followed,\" he said.On FHRAI demands on taxation , he said that broadly, taxes need to be rationalized across the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16317001", "title": "Sabarmati inundated", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Following heavy rains in Idar and Sabarkantha districts, Sabarmati river saw a gushing of rain waters.However, after a long time the river, which has only witnessed the flow of Narmada water, saw muddy water and shrubs getting carried in its current. People thronged the river front to see the river in spate.In the last 24 hours ending at 7 am on Saturday, Idar had received 285 mm of rainfall, followed by Bhiloda 172 mm, Khedbrahma 130 mm and Vijaynagar 124 mm of rainfall.In order to prevent the river front from any damage, the civic authorities opened the gates of Vasna barrage resulting in a flood like situation in the downstream of the river. The administration opened five gates to over three feet and another two gates were opened to four feet.Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) officials said that following 285 mm of rains in Idar on Saturday, the river was receiving a good inflow from a weir near Chiloda. This along with 6,920 cusec of Narmada water released from the main canal would have resulted in the water reaching the walk way and hence, the administration decided to release water from Vasna barrage. The officials said that since 5 am, about 20,942 cusec water was released from the river. This later in the evening decreased to 11,023 cusec water.The officials said that the administration was prepared to meet any eventuality in the down stream of the river. \"The district administration was kept on a high alert and warning had already been issued in the villages including Lambha, Vanhar, Fathewadi, Bakrol among others. The villagers were asked to be on an alert,\" said the officer.Boating, which had become a new attraction for the visitors to the riverfront, had to be suspended as the flow of water threatened to result in a tragedy. However, the river still had people enthralled. Many people, especially youngsters, thronged the riverfront to have a dekko at the river in spate.Meanwhile, the city continued to reel under the spell of monsoon on Saturday. However, there was some sunshine witnessed in patches during the day. The heavy showers caused a cave near the passport office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16326594", "title": "Integrated Social Security Programme to be implemented in Madhya Pradesh soon", "text": "BHOPAL: An integrated social security programme will be implemented in the state to bring under a single umbrella all social sector schemes being implemented by different departments. A database of prospective beneficiaries is being collated for effective implementation of the programme. Chief minister's integrated social security mission will be launched for effective implementation of the programme. A state-level fund will be created under the mission.Addressing a conference of commissioners and collectors at Narmada Bhavan auditorium on Saturday, the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan asked the collectors to complete all necessary field level preparations for the launch of the programme.He also directed them to ensure that bank accounts of prospective beneficiaries are opened so that money is transferred to their accounts directly.Chouhan said that Madhya Pradesh has maximum number of pro-poor schemes in the country. He asked the collectors to ensure effective implementation of these schemes. He instructed them to organise mega health fair at least once a year in each district. He said that arrangements on the pattern of mid-day meals should be made for destitute senior citizens in villages.There are over 12 schemes are being implemented by various departments including health and family welfare, school education, social justice, tribal welfare, panchayats and rural development and urban administration departments.Following implementation of integrated social security programme, applications could be obtained from a single place or office and benefits could be received from the same place. It would be a unique programme in the country and will ease out procedural complexities in implementation of social sector schemes with the same objectives but are being implemented by different departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16317997", "title": "Damage roads, no one will take action!", "text": "NAGPUR: As Maharashtra's biggest festival season approaches, motorists and pedestrians are all set to face the familiar problems like every year. With the Nagpur Municipal Corporation and the city police, especially its traffic department, not taking any action on the illegal constructions brazenly coming up on the roads, motorists and pedestrians would have to face full or partial blockades coupled with congestions and traffic snarls on roads.The preparations of all Ganesh Mandals is in full swing with pandals, arches, posters, banners and welcome gates mushrooming in every nook and corner of the city. However, according to social activists who had filed petitions in the Mumbai High Court, the mandals in their over enthusiasm had not only encroached upon roads but also damaged them to dig pillars for their pandals. Ironically, despite clear directives from the Mumbai High Court (PIL No. 6181/2008), a majority of pandals in the city were illegally set up on roads and with full consent of corporation and police officials, they alleged.\"It's completely ridiculous that such mandals were permitted to set up their pandals and openly allowed to damage the roads which are laid by using the taxpayers precious money,\" social activist and lawyer Vinod Tiwari, who is planning to file a contempt petition against NMC and police, told TOI.He added that any damage to the roads by a private person was completely illegal and against the law. \"Everywhere, you will witness blatant violation of law, that too by the political masters themselves. What else can you expect from them? As per rules only MSEB, BSNL and corporation officials are allowed to dig the roads, that too with the prior permission, and payment of advance charges. Ask the NMC officials whether any of the Mandals had paid charges for digging the roads,\" said Tiwari who is hoping the judiciary would take a suo motu cognisance against top civic and police officials.NMC commissioner Shyam Wardhane however stated that he had already asked his officers to conduct a survey of all such mandals. He had earlier told TOI that NMC will ask the mandals to use drums instead of damaging roads, but none of them had used it.Assistant commissioner in Dharampeth Zone Mahesh Morone while endorsing Tiwari stand said it was illegal to damage the roads and if mandals had done it, they will impose hefty penalty on them. \"I will also issue notice to our junior and deputy engineers. We are taking every care of not to flout court's directives and not issuing permission to any mandal without getting no-objection certificate from the traffic police,\" he informed.DCP Traffic Jivraj Dabhade they were also following norms as set by the court, but they were not stretching it considering the fact that such festivals were organized for a social cause and for a limited period only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16319143", "title": "IBM staffer hangs himself", "text": "BANGALORE: A 24-year-old and an employee of IBM at Whitefield hanged himself at his apartment in Aralalasandra near Yelahanka on Saturday.P Bharath was found hanging in his room in Janapriya Apartments around 3.30pm. His mother knocked at the door several times, but there was no response. She summoned the neighbours who broke the room lock. Bharath is from Kodagu district and was suffering from depression .His body has been taken to Ambedkar Hospital where a postmortem will be done on Sunday. Relatives of Bharath said he studied BSc and was working in the company for two years. \"He had either left the job or was absent for work for the past two months since he was depressed,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16317023", "title": "Asia BRTS meet ends", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The three-day Asia BRTS conference ended on Saturday. However, two important bureaucrats - Union urban development secretary Sudhir Krishna and officer on special duty (urban transport) SK Lohia - left Ahmedabad early on Saturday morning to attend an urgent Prime Minister's meeting in Delhi. The review work of JNNURM projects in various cities, which was to happen in the presence of the urban secretary, was cancelled.The conference culminated with 14 cities signing a treaty to form an India BRTS association. The treaty will be sent to the Union urban development ministry for approval, according to municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra. The consortium will act as a pressure group to secure better deals in bus procurement, spare parts and other allied purchases. The conference also pledged to form an Asia BRTS association on the lines of the Latin American BRTS association. \"We want the Asia association to meet once every two years mainly for knowledge sharing,\" says Mohapatra. The Ahmedabad edition of the Asia BRTS conference was the first such event in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "rajahmundary", "code": "16317305", "title": "Rajamundry airport expansion plan opposed", "text": "RAJAHMUNDARY: The Madhurapudi airport expansion plans have run into rough weather with the farmers refusing to part with their land claiming that the price offered by the authorities is far less than the market value. The farmers also raise questions about the need for acquiring 870 acres while other airports in the state operate in much less extent of land. As it is, the Rajahmundry airport sits on a vast 366 acres.The opposition to the expansion plans is mainly from farmers of three villages -- Madhurapudi, Gummaluru and Burugupudi in Korukonda mandal, who are not willing to sell their land as their entire livelihood is dependent on farming. They even issued an ultimatum to the district officials not to enter their land until the government gives a specific assurance on alternative employment.\"The authorities have been talking about land acquisition for the past five years and even marked the areas after a survey. Nearly 200 families of small and marginal farmers of Madhurapudi alone would lose their livelihood if their land holdings are taken away,\" said farmers' sangham leader Ch Satyanarayana. In Burugupudi, the authorities carried out surveys in 178 acres where plantations were blooming. About 70 to 100 families would be rendered landless, locals rue.\"Where is the need to acquire 870 acres for the airport when airports in Visakhapatnam and Vijayawada are functioning in an area of 250 acres each,\" a farmers' leader Kante Satyanarayana sought to know. He alleged that all the enthusiasm of the officials was only to benefit private parties and real estate players. Each acre on both sides of the road leading to the airport fetches about Rs 80 lakh to Rs 1.2 crore. \"But the government is willing to pay only Rs 12 lakh per acre,\" Madhurapudi farmer Satyanarayana Reddy said.The Madhurapudi airport, 8 km to 10 km from here, is the only airport for both Godavari districts. The authorities are planning to extend the existing runway from 1,749 metres to 3,000 meters so that bigger aircrafts could land. A new terminal building and control tower had come into operation recently. At present, three flights are being operated daily. \"Once the night landing facility is in place, the economy of the region would flourish,\" airport director Dhanujaya Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16316863", "title": "Bumpy ride for ashram schools' e-attendance project at ashram schools", "text": "NASHIK: Three weeks after biometric attendance devices were installed in all offices and ashram schools, following an announcement of the new system by tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute, the department is yet to record 100% attendance online, as date updates are still pending, department officials said.The announcement of electronic attendance at all the establishments of tribal development department by its minister Babanrao Pachpute, has failed to translate into reality given that the work of uploading the data was yet to be accomplished.\"The only problem is that the data of the schools is being prepared and uploaded to record the attendance at the click of the mouse,\" the senior official said.There were two problems with the data - one, it was in was that it was inMarathi and two, the second - since an updated information was required many columns were required to be updated.\"For all this private agencies have been were hired for the task of of uploading the datawas being carried out,\" said an officialthe official. The data being in Marathi coupled with the need to fill out several key columns in the online form, are being hailed as e reasons for delays in getting the updates done.As of today, attendance at every office of the tribal department is being done using biometric application. Similarly, student attendance at almost all ashramschools is also being updated electronically. was also done and almost all of them were being recorded.However, the data at 40% of the schools 40 percent of schools was is yet to be uploaded, the officials said. Officials have refrained from setting a specific deadline to complete the task Refusing to set a deadline for the to the workbut have said that it could take another 15 days, at least before the things were in place.Another hindrance to the electronic conversion process is lack of Internet acccess. tranferrred On the other hand there were 25% of state schools reporteddo not have Internet connectivity. Schools have therefore been adopting a system where mobile data storage devices such as pen drives are being used to copy attendance data. This data is then digitally uploaded from an office that has an Internet connection, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16318040", "title": "Jayalalithaa showers sops on lawyers", "text": "CHENNAI: To a thunderous applaud from the 7,000-odd crowd, most of them lawyers and judicial officers, chief minister J Jayalalithaa announced on Saturday that the death benefit payable to the family of a deceased advocate has been enhanced to 5.25 lakh from the existing 2 lakh.The announcement came without strings attached, as the chief minister clarified that the experience in the Bar would not matter to claim the benefit. For the purpose, the state government would pay 4 crore every year to the Tamil Nadu Advocates Welfare Fund, managed by the Bar Council of Tamil Nadu and Puducherry. D Selvam, chairman of the Bar council, was quick to thank the state government, saying: \"It is a long-pending demand of the state advocates, and the young members of the Bar would be most benefited.\"Besides allotting a princely sum for the elaborately planned celebrations, the Tamil Nadu government sanctioned another 10 crore for an auditorium and museum on the high court campus.Jayalalithaa laid foundation for the project on Saturday, and pointed out that the state government had already set apart 100 crore for a national law school at Srirangam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318255", "title": "Doctor, techie, scientist... terror\u2019s new recruits?", "text": "The 18 Muslim suspects arrested since August 29 in operations coordinated by the Bangalore police are presently under interrogation.The indications till now are that the suspects, who have been picked up from Bangalore and Hubli in Karnataka, Hyderabad and Maharashtra, had come together with the objective of assassinating certain individuals identified with the Hindutva ideology.Though there seems to be some suspicion of their contacts with the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) of Pakistan and the Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami (HUJI) of Bangladesh , they constituted a new indigenous group with no suspected links with any of the indigenous terrorist/extremist organisations that have been active so far, such as Al Umma of Tamil Nadu, the Students' Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) and the Indian Mujahideen (IM).The Bangalore police seem to have succeeded in penetrating and dismantling them even before they could give themselves an organisational infrastructure and an ideological basis. They were a group of individuals self-motivated by viewing of jihadi websites such as that of al-Qaida of the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) and brought together by shared anger against Hindutva elements without attempts to form a central command and control.The conspiracy seems to have been squashed by the police at a very early stage. This is evident from the absence of any major recoveries of arms and ammunition and explosive material from them.Whereas other jihadi organisations that had operated in India in the past had made dual use of hand-held weapons and improvised explosive devices (IEDs), this group was still in the stage of hand-held weapons and had not started thinking in terms of IEDs. Anger over social and religious discrimination and communal grievances tend to motivate the educated, thinking elements more than others. It is, therefore, not surprising that all the suspects came from the educated segments of the Muslim community . It is also to be noted that the educated elements had studied or were studying subjects such as medicine, computer science, journalism etc and not humanities.This trend of the gravitation of such elements to leadership positions in the jihadi organisations had been noticed in the case of the IM too, which had some good IT experts , including one in Pune who had occupied an important position in the Indian branch of a well-known foreign IT company.Examples of enraged students belonging to such professions or aspiring to join them gravitating to extremism has been seen in the past not only in India, but also in Indonesia and western countries. A disquieting fact is a junior scientist of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) joining this group. It is not yet clear whether he joined it on his own or whether he was spotted, motivated and recruited and what was the purpose. If he had joined on his own because of anger against some Hindutva elements, that is understandable . But, if he had been recruited to penetrate the DRDO, that would be ominous.According to the police, they made a breakthrough after keeping some of the suspects under surveillance for four months. There has been no indication of any significant electronic intelligence through interception of their telephone conversations. It has been reported that the suspects were communicating with each other through Skype . This could be the reason for the evidently meagre ELINT (electronic signals intelligence ). This would indicate that our capability for the interception of communications through the internet continues to be inadequate. This needs attention.As regards external ramifications, there are suspicions of links with elements in Pakistan and Saudi Arabia \u2014 with the training possibly coming from elements in Pakistan and the coordination from individuals in Saudi Arabia. These suspicions need to be developed further.The motivation of the group is still to be determined. Did they have a strategic motivation of sustained terrorism or had they merely come together due to common anger over the grievances of Muslims in order to carry out some assassinations, which one may not be able to characterise as terrorism. The forensic evidence available so far is not adequate to reconstruct the conspiracy in a manner that will carry conviction to the courts and the Muslim community.Keeping all this in view, it might be better for the government of India to direct the National Investigation Agency to take over the investigation after reaching a consensus with the three state governments. The writer is additional secretary (retd), Research &amp; Analysis Wing", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321636", "title": "\u201cSelf-love is the best medicine\u201d", "text": "Cancer survivor Anita Moorjani walks Nona Walia through her near-death experience at the ICU from which she came out victorious.Anita Moorjani lives in Hong Kong. In April 2002, she was diagnosed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma. After nearly four years of battling the disease, she was admitted to the ICU in February 2006 and told she had less than 36 hours to live. This is her story.The day I diedIt was February 2, 2006. The day will be etched in my memory forever. I died on this day. The doctors told my husband my time was up. I had two days maximum. I started drifting. I could see my body. I felt free and light. My surroundings were moving away from me. My fear was gone. I saw my mother crying. I wanted to hug her and tell her I was fine. I felt being pulled away into a grander plan. I felt beautiful and healed. This is what dying is all about. We never truly die, we just leave our physical body.I felt no attachment to my bodyI observed how the medical team was wheeling my near-lifeless body to the ICU. They were poking and prodding me with needles. I felt no attachment to my body. I saw my father \u2014 who had gone to the other realm years ago \u2014 present there. I also saw my best friend Soni, who had died years ago, along with other people who were close to me. I felt enveloped in unconditional love and acceptance, and understood cancer was not a punishment for anything I had done. My dad told me, 'I want you to know your time has not come. It's your choice to either come with me or go back to the body'. I wondered whether I should really come back and then, I made the choice \u2014 to come back and fulfil my purpose to heal others. I came back to live fearlessly.Miracles do happenWithin a few days of coming back from coma, my organs had miraculously started functioning again. I was extremely positive and optimistic. The doctor told me, 'Your tumour has visibly shrunk in three days'. I could feel victory in every inch of me. I overcame my fear of everything \u2014 from dying of cancer to the painful chemotherapy. I was discharged from the hospital five weeks later, on March 9. I was healed, and I believed in miracles. But I was also trying to make sense of what had happened. So I started writing about my experience. It was cathartic to pen down the details of crossing over and then coming back, and healing. I submitted my story to the 'Near Death Experience' (NDE) Research Foundation's website. When the owner of the site read my story, he said it was the most remarkable near-death experience he had ever read. He put my story on the home page of the site.Many people read my story and started emailing it to others. It went viral on the internet. Soon, oncologists were approaching me, and asking for my medical records. They confirmed that I was lucky to be alive!I started following my blissNDE and healing changed my life forever. I started sharing my story and my experiences. I became more tolerant and accepting. I started working with the life-force energy rather than working against it. I'm no guru. People seek me out after my NDE, and I hope they can heal by listening to my story. I want people to awaken the guru in themselves. Once back, I knew I was meant to inspire others. My notes on living and almost dying were published in a book, Dying to be Me.The secret of a happy lifeThe most important lesson I've learnt is self-love. Most problems in life start when people don't love themselves enough. We are overtly critical of ourselves. We want to change what we don't like about ourselves. My advice: Every day, take a sheet of paper and write about five things you love about yourself \u2014 be it your hands, hair, eyes or a particular aspect of your nature. This way, you'll inject magnificence into your life. You will soon stop being judgmental about yourself and others. I learnt from being at death's door that unless I loved myself, nothing else in my life could function at its best. I have also realised the amount of love, kindness I have for others is directly proportional to how much love, patience and kindness I have for myself, because we cannot give to others what we do not have.Allowing is better than chasingI don't chase anything. I know if I aggressively pursue something, it will cause me to fight the Universe's energy. Instead, I allow things to happen. It's more like a release, because that which I intend to get is already mine. We need to do what brings us joy. Be yourself. Get in touch with your innermost feelings. At our core, we are loved, connected, and are 'One'. Anita's rules of livingIf we can go through life armed with humour and love, we'll be ahead of the game. Laugh at yourself Our life is our prayer. It's our gift to the Universe. We owe it to ourselves to be happy and spread joy Most sufferings stem from feeling inadequate. Just remember that you are complete, not less than anyone Eat whatever you are drawn to. Have a good time with your loved ones and do what you want.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16319029", "title": "Now, you may get to visit Mohenjo-Daro as tourist", "text": "ISLAMABAD: It may now be possible for Indian tourists and history aficionados to visit Mohenjo-Daro or holiday in the salubrious climes of Murree, visit the majestic Lahore Fort or tuck into sumptuous kebabs at Lahore's Anarkali market.Seeking to end restrictive visa regimes, India and Pakistan on Saturday agreed to issue travel documents that will allow single-entry visas covering five cities. A separate business category of one year, multi-entry visas was also announced. Visa on arrival will be available for senior citizens (above 65 years), at Attari and Wagah check posts for 45 days. This visa will be non-extendable and non-convertible.Also announced for the first time was a group tourist visa to be issued for groups of 10-50 people valid for 30 days. A list of designated tour operators as well as a list of approved/identified routes and tourist destinations will be exchanged by both sides. The tour operators will have to furnish details 45 days in advance and they will also be responsible for reporting to police stations on behalf of the tourists. The facility will also be available to students, but the entries cannot be utilized to seek admission to institutions in either nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16318525", "title": "Farmers disappointed by heavy rain", "text": "AJMER: Heavy rain in the district has disappointed the farmers. Their crops have been destroyed. It is estimated that crops in about 35,000 hectare have been destroyed by heavy rains while water from different lakes and dams is continuously flowing in the fields.There are five lakes in the district that are overflowing after a long time. \"Jawaja Lake that remained empty for the last six years has now water up to 15 feet and there are several dams like Lasaria with 3.5 metre of water,\" said an official from the irrigation department.Anasagar is overflowing since last five days. Pushkar Lake has water over 19 feet while Foysagar has water till 17 feet. Most of the lakes like Phool Sagar, Laradi Sagar, Ajgara are in the southern parts of the district that cover Sarwar, Kekari and Nasirabad where farmers had sown grains. But excess water has destroyed most of the fields,\" the official said.The department is surveying the destruction, however, it has already prepared a preliminary report. \"There are several fields submerged in water in almost all the eight blocks, we have been asked to give factual reports to the supervisors,\" said Harjiram Choudhary, deputy director of agriculture department.Sowing was done in about 1,60,000 hectares after delayed monsoon and farmers were hopeful. \"The field was green one day but the next day I found my field submerged in water. The crop was destroyed,\" said Rajesh Mehwanshi of Tabji village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16317624", "title": "Illegalities finally out in the open, greens laud Shah panel report", "text": "PANAJI: Environmental activists and others expressed satisfaction that the harsh ground realities of devastation caused by mining and the real faces behind it, including politicians who supported the miners, have been exposed by the Shah commission report.\"All politicians, cutting across party lines and the entire mining lobby tried to hide the true facts, but the damage has been exposed now,\" said Bicholim-based activist Ramesh Gauns.Calling the report a vindication of what greens have been alleging as the near-total illegality of the industry, Claude Alvares of the Goa Foundation said, \"We had been saying many times over in the past that not a single mining lease in Goa is legal.\" He said all consents (to operate) expired on July 31, 2012, and all mines should therefore be closed.Gauns pointed out that all politicians are critical of people opposing mining, SEZ, Mopa airport and other destructive projects (in Goa), even though activists' intentions are often genuine. \"We are happy that the severe destruction in Goa and the loot of resources has been brought to light,\" he said.He further said politicians have to apologize to the entire state for depriving it a quantum of funds, enough for six state budgets, through the Rs 3,500-crore loot of resources. \"They backed the mining lobby in the loot and deprived the state and its people of a better kind of development,\" Gauns said.Rama Velip, a tribal leader from the mining belt of Colomba, commended the Shah commission report, saying that the previous government had not taken action against illegal extraction of iron ore. \"But now, the Parrikar government should not allow removal of dumps, as they are meant to go back to fill the craters formed by mining,\" Velip said.He suggested that criminal cases should be instituted against the guilty. Gauns, on the other hand, said he is not concerned with who has been blamed or will be prosecuted. He is happy the commission has ripped open the illegal activities.Stating that illegal extraction was being attributed to so-called fly-by-night operators, Gauns said the Shah commission has shown the real faces of the prestigious families involved in mining. Alvares added that the report is a slap in the face of chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who claimed earlier this year that there were no illegal mines in Goa.\"If the commission appointed by the central government and headed by a chief justice finds them illegal, then Parrikar, as mines minister, should hand over the portfolio to somebody else,\" Alvares said.Adding to this, Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA) convener, Sabina Martins, said (it is simply a matter of ) whichever politician coming to power not seeing the illegalities.Greens have demanded a cap on the mining activity to prevent further damage to the environment. \"The people are not against development, but more destruction should be averted as restoration is not an easy job,\" Gauns said.Martins said the objective of the state's Regional Plan 2021 was to promote sustainable planning and it should take into account illegal mining. \"The natural resources cannot be exploited in a wanton manner at the cost of the majority,\" Martins said.She added that the Shah commission report is an expose of this loot and exploitation of resources by a few without proper planning.Activist Seby Rodrigues said the estimated loot of nearly Rs 3,500 crore is a gross underestimate. \"The scandal is worth much more, but even if we accept the above figure, it shows the amount of loot that has taken place,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16332772", "title": "Indore woman abducted, raped", "text": "INDORE: A 30-year-old city woman was abducted, confined to a house in the neighbouring state of Gujarat and raped for a week. The woman managed to escape and returned back to her relatives to narrate the harrowing tale.Police said the accused and the victim are both residents of Jawahar Tekri under the jurisdiction of Chandan Nagar police. On September 2, the victim was home alone in the afternoon as her husband was out for some work. Her neighbour and accused, identified as Manohar, abducted her by forcing her to sit in his car and took her to an unidentified place in Gujarat. There, he confined her at residence of one of his relative and raped her for a week.After few days, he returned back to Madhya Pradesh. The victim woman managed to escape and reached her home to narrate her sufferings.Family members of the victim have lodged a case under section 376 (rape) and 366 (abduction) of IPC. Police have launched a hunt for the accused. They are also planning to book the relatives of the man where the victim was confined and raped for a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16325983", "title": "Father-daughter relationship not like ATM service, says Madras high court", "text": "CHENNAI: The duties and services of a father towards his daughter cannot be seen as an ATM machine service, as the relationship does not end with the marriage of the daughter to another person, the Madras high court has said.Justice S Vimala, rejecting an insurance company's stand that a married daughter had no legal right to claim the compensation after the death of her father in a road accident, said: \"The married daughter, as the legal representative as well as the dependent of the deceased to certain extent, would be depending upon the income of her father. The emotional dependency, psychological dependency and other dependencies, cannot be said to be nullified immediately after the marriage. Therefore, the married daughter is also entitled to claim compensation. The services of the father cannot be equated to that of the services rendered by the ATM machine.\"Deciding the question of the status of a 'wayward person' leading life away from his family and by seeking alms, the judge said merely because he was leading a wayward life at the time of death it could not be taken advantage of by the insurance company. \"Even assuming that the deceased was living a wayward life, it is quite probable that, if there is a change of mind, any time he would have joined the family,\" Justice Vimala said.The matter relates to the death of Karuppiah, who was run over by a lorry and killed outside a temple near Madurai on July 8, 2006. The lorry driver himself informed the police of the accident, and said the victim was wearing saffron clothes. In his report, the investigating officer claimed that the victim's daughter K Selvi, who is married then, had stated that her father was leading a wayward family by receiving alms at the temple. This statement, however, was denied by Selvi and her mother Sevakkal.The mother-daughter duo had demanded a compensation of Rs 2 lakh, on the ground that Karuppiah was the only bread-winner of the family and that he was earning Rs 3,000 a month. In August 2008, the tribunal ordered the compensation of Rs 50,000 payable to Sevakkal. As for Selvi, the tribunal held that she was not eligible to claim any compensation since she was married. Against this decree, the present petition was filed in the high court.Justice Vimala pointed out that the tribunal had not awarded any compensation for loss of love and affection and funeral expenses. Noting that the life of a human being cannot be weighed in golden scales, she said, \"the finding of the tribunal that the claimants are not entitled for compensation on account of loss of love and affection, loss of consortium and funeral expenses, has no basis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16318005", "title": "Kozhikode master plan looks to developing prime sectors", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The draft proposal of the master plan for Kozhikode Corporation 2011-2031, presented at the special council meeting on Saturday, highlights the need for adopting new tools for the comprehensive development of the city.It has put forth the idea of developing special residential, commercial and industrial zones for a planned development. It envisages introducing new planning tools like land pooling and transfers of development rights for acquisition of land, and protection of heritage and environmentally-sensitive areas.Presenting the draft, regional town planner G Sasikumar said the master plan was being prepared covering 7.77 lakh people and the geographical area of 177.08 sq km comprising the corporation area and four grama panchayats of Kadalundy, Feroke, Ramanattukkara and Olavanna.\"The plan is being prepared with thrust on the service sector and keeping in mind the increasing floating population,\" he said.In the waste management sector, it envisions adopting vermi composting, as well as proper management and centralization of the Njeliyanparamba treatment plant.In the transportation and infrastructure sector, it focuses on the need to widen the transport network. A transportation hub has been planned at Malaparamba for interstate and intercity buses.Rapid transport system for passengers alighting from waterways and an elevated road from Thondayadu to Vengeri to ease traffic congestion are the other major proposals in this sector. A dedicated high speed bus route from the city to Kunnamangalam is another proposal. Low floor and green buses connecting the circular service is another proposal.There are also proposals for flyovers at Eranhipalam and Karimbanapalam, a fourth gate, and Chevarambalam NH and bus terminals.A green corridor with footpath and walkways connecting major city roads (Sarovaram-Mananchira-Beach-railway station), development of beach side lands, Beypore Port and high-density residential areas are also among the proposals.A dedicated truck terminal at Pantheerankkavu and development of the Canoli Canal for inland waterways are the other proposals. Commercial complex and parking plazas at Palayam bus stand and the vegetable market; DD Office complex, multi-tier parking at the mofussial bus stand near Sarovaram and Beypore Port, have also been proposed. There is also a proposal to convert Kadalundy as the first organic village in the country.The plan also talks about the need for raising the living standard of fishermen. It has proposed a model fishermen village at Elathur and the development of fisheries-oriented industries.Industries and commercial sectorsFeroke will be developed as an industry-friendly panchayat with road, rail and airport connectivity. Infrastructure will be set up to encourage new industries. The plan also mentions an industrial township at Cheruvannur. There is also a proposal to set aside 500 acres of land exclusively for industries.SportsA new international sports complex-cum-commercial complex in ten hectares on the eastern side of the NH bypass, an indoor stadium at Leprosy Hospital on five acres, and a swimming school at Kadalundy are the major proposals in the sports sector.Recreation and tourismWater cruise in Canoli Canal and rivers in the city, developing Dream City as a high-tech recreation centre, and water sports in Chaliyar and rivers in Feroke are the proposals in the recreation and tourism sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16332350", "title": "GBPSSI to conduct research on political violence in UP", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a unique project, the prestigious Govind Ballabh Pant Social Science Institute (GBPSSI) will conduct a research on the blatant violence and bullying that has been used by some of those at the helm of affairs to strengthen their political position in Uttar Pradesh.The research is part of a project sanctioned by the Indian Council of Social Sciences Research (ICSSR), Delhi, and would be conducted by a team of social scientists from the GBPSSI. The ICSSR has sanctioned Rs 4 lakh for this purpose and the project would be led by Prof Badri Narayan of the institute.\"We are studying how far overt violence and intimidation have come to play a regular and even systemic role in public life in general and politics, particularly UP. The increasing incidents of political violence and key institutions such as the police, elected representatives and media seemingly becoming party to such disorders in the state would also be a part of the study,\" said Prof Narayan.\"Over the past two decades, different parties in power have resorted to violence to further their political goals and consolidate their support base. If one government patronized a particular set of criminals to consolidate their support base, another regime weaned away dubious characters who are even accused of engineering attack on a prominent politician. In the name of religion, yet another regime extended protective umbrella to those accused of stoking communal flames to take political mileage. Clearly, there is no overstating the fact that the successive state governments have not only condoned but encouraged the culture of violence,\" said Prof Narayan, speaking out his mind on the subject.He said that the study by his team comprising noted journalist Ajay Kumar Singh, research associate Mousomi Majumdar and research assistant Arvind Kumar Singh is investigating the role of the state and abuse of power as a tool of contemporary politics through five case studies.\"The incidents being scrutinised as part of the research include extra-judicial execution of some Sikh pilgrims in July 1991 by a team of police personnel in Pilibhit, parading naked an old Dalit woman in Dauna village near Allahabad on January 21, 1994, because her son had objected to some boys of a different caste plucking vegetables from her field, the Kuchchi Devi case of Fatehpur where her husband was asked by some upper caste landlords to let his wife spend a night with them and following his objection he was burnt alive in April 1990 besides the Behmai case of January 30, 1981, and the State Guest House attack on Mayawati in June 1995,\" he explained.Prof Narayan said that the precise reason for picking these case studies, which were not riots/massacres but \"smaller acts\", is their becoming commonplace and \"normal\".\"In putting together the larger picture, it is necessary to go beyond the usual cliche of this being part of the process of decline of an old social order. It is my purpose to go further and ask if all these currents, in differing and uneven ways, legitimised the use of violence for political ends,\" he said.In this research, all information is being substantiated by primary sources like interviews of victims and the people named as accused, case records, police records and court documents among others, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "16317313", "title": "Woman 'hires' rowdies to kill husband", "text": "GUNTUR: Two men were hacked to death here in the wee hours of Saturday. According to information, unknown assailants attacked lorry driver Jupudi Srinivasa Rao, 35, and his brother Ravi Kumar, 32, with deadlyweapons and killed them on the spot at Srinivasaraothota colony. Police later on found out that the assailants were hired by the wife of Srinivasa Rao. Locals rushed to the spot upon hearing the victims shouting and alerted the police. However, by the time police reached the spot, the assailants escaped into darkness.Following a complaint lodged by the mother of the victims, police took Padmavathi into custody for interrogation who confessed to the crime. She told the police that she was forced to engage rowdysheeters to carry out the attack as her husband was torturing her. She is believed to have told the police that Srinivasa Rao was an HIV+ patient and was threatening to infect her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16322484", "title": "Posh tweets funny pix of herself", "text": "Footballer David Beckham's wife and former Spice Girls singer Victoria Beckham seems to have retained her sense of humour in the run up to her catwalk show at this year's New York Fashion Week.She tweeted a funny snap of herself with a large purple holdall on her head, the Sun reported.The busy mum-of-four added the caption: \"After three hours of sleep, I feel like an old bag! x vb,\"The 38-year-old has been working non-stop recently to ensure she debuts her new collection perfectly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16316414", "title": "Amir treble helps BPCL beat IOB", "text": "CHENNAI: Amir Khan struck a brilliant hat-trick as BPCL secured its second successive victory in the 87th Murugappa Hockey tournament with a thumping 4-0 verdict over local champions Indian Overseas Bank in a Group-A league fixture on Saturday.Khan scored off a 14th minute penalty corner to open the scoring. He increased the lead with a field goal in the 28th minute. Khan recorded the first hat-trick of the tournament when he converted a penalty corner in the 36th minute to ensure that BPCL held a 3-0 lead going into the break.Striker Jarnail Singh completed the rout with a last-minute goal. In the other two matches of the day, a star-studded Air India line-up thrashed Integral Coach factory 7-1 while former champions, Indian Railways defeated All India Customs and Central excise by a solitary goal scored by Gagandeep Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nungi (budge budge)", "code": "16317149", "title": "Sivakasi accident a wake-up call for state government", "text": "NUNGI (Budge Budge): A month and a half ago, Tarzan and his three employees were manufacturing crackers under a makeshift shed at Barkantala in Nungi. Something went wrong and all the crackers exploded at one go. Neighbours rushed to the spot immediately, only to pull out the charred bodies from the rubble.Such accidents are not new in Nungi, the hub of fireworks manufacturers in the state. Many have lost their lives and many their limbs or eyes or other organs over the years. But none was considered \"serious enough an accident\" by the authorities to put a check on the rampant flouting of norms in this part of South 24-Parganas that has literally turned into a tinderbox.It was only after the devastating fire in Sivakasi, which took lives of 39 workers at different fire units on September 5, that the government has woken up from its slumber. On Saturday, a team led by Alipore (headquarters) subdivision officer Tanbir Afzal went for a review of the existing situation in Nungi. He also went to Tarzan's village and spoke to his family members. \"It is a grim reminder of how things can turn tragic before one can bat an eyelid. Our purpose is to enforce the fire safety protocol to ensure that people can carry out their manufacturing and trade business safely. We cannot let another Sivakasi happen here,\" Afzal said.The fireworks manufacturing hub is spread across a wide area of Maheshtala Municipality, Budge Budge Municipality and some panchayat areas. Nearly, 10,000 people are directly or indirectly dependent on the manufacturing and sale of fireworks. \"Licensed units are far outnumbered by unlicensed ones. To obtain a license, one has to comply certain fire-safety protocols. But this is a highly unorganized sector where most of them flout or bypass rules,\" Afzal added.The team was shocked to find that the manufacturing units were located in the congested area, where a fire can easily spread to other units and residential buildings. Once a tragedy hits Nungi, it'll take a huge proportion, fear local residents.The SDO met the manufacturers and traders in some informal meetings to convince them about safety measures. \"Our district administration is very keen to enforce a system so that whole system gets legitimized. Since livelihood of a lot of people is involved, we cannot take any harsh decision. But we have to set things right,\" the SDO said.The team, which included the inspectors-in-charge of Maheshtala and Budge Budge police stations, on Saturday intercepted a truck loaded with fireworks from Sivakasi to check if it had all necessary permissions and the type of crackers it was carrying. \"We regularly receive Sivakasi fireworks consignments. Since, there is a ban on the sound-generating fireworks, the items we book are high-quality rockets and other sophisticated crackers,\" said Gour Samanta, the receiver of the consignment.According to district administration, a firework manufacturer has to obtain a manufacturing license and also an explosive license since they frequently handle explosive items. But none has the explosive license, the team has found out. \"Even after four persons were killed, they are yet to attach any importance to safety. We are soon holding an awareness campaign. We will sensitize people about avoidable tragedies. We will also enforce safety guidelines on each manufacturer and trader. We will carry our raids after that,\" said Taraknath Masanta, inspector-in-charge of Maheshtala police station.With the city's biggest festivity coming closer, there are some hectic activities for manufacturing the fireworks. The team visited a few such units and warned against unlicenced activities. The exercise is also to prevent any smuggling out of high-sounding fire-crackers. The Calcutta High Court has banned any bursting of high sounding fire-crackers beyond 90 decibels in 2000. \"Earlier, the Buri Ma brand of high-sounding crackers was a craze in and around West Bengal.\"With the ban on the sound-generating crackers, the industry has actually now shrunk to a few hundred units. A lot of the labourers engaged in fireworks have now shifted to jeans manufacturing units in Budge Budge,\" said Asim Das, councillor of Ward 30 of Maheshtala Municipality. Das, however, said that the industry need to conform the rules, otherwise, it cannot survive.It is a small Shivakashi in West Bengal. Here crackers and fire-works manufacturing is a cottage industry. The ravaging fire at Shivakashi has been a wake up call for the government to enforce safety measures in this part of South 24 Parganas - Nungi, home to the informal fireworks manufacturing and trading units where hundreds of families work everyday with a fear of being blown-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16318716", "title": "Politicos, activists join hands to fight Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation's demolition drive", "text": "PUNE: Social organizations and all major political parties, except the ruling NCP, have formed a 'Ghar Bachao Kruti Samiti' to fight for their demand to regularize unauthorized constructions in Pimpri-Chinchwad.Formation of the Samiti was announced in the presence of leaders of Congress, Shiv Sena , BJP, RPI (Athavale group) and MNS, at Nigdi on Saturday. Representatives of the Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti, Shramik Ekta Mahasangh, Anna Hazare inspired Bhrashtachar Virodhi Janandolan and Vyasanmukti Sanghatna were present.Maruti Bhapkar, social activist and former independent corporator, said, \"Earlier, political parties organized agitations on their own. Last month, the Shiv Sena, BJP, RPI (Athavale group), MNS and the Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti came together and organized a maha morcha. Now, setting aside party differences, all major parties in the city have come together to form this committee and fight for protecting the rights of the common man.\"Bhapkar said that Varkari leader Bandatatya Karadkar will declare formation of the Samiti at a public meeting to be held at Sane chowk, Morevasti, Chikhli, at 4 pm on September 12. The committee will meet the chief minister and demand that an ordinance be passed to regularise unauthorized constructions in Pimpri Chinchwad city. It will study the legal measures and fight a court battle for its demand. Besides, the Samiti will create public awareness and conduct public agitations.The PCMC and the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) started anti-encroachment drives a few months back which created panic among residents. The people have opposed these drives and are demanding that the unauthorized constructions be regularized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16317096", "title": "Begumpuri saris return to fashion", "text": "KOLKATA: Jaya Seal had a hard time when she came to open a Crafts Council of India exhibition on Saturday. \"I didn't imagine that Bengal's handlooms are turning out such variety!\" she told TOI.\"Phulia taant, Begumpuri with Kalamkari, Chanderi... any sari I picked up was a collectible since none is repeated!\" Begumpur in Hooghly is part of the cluster of villages producing sDhanekhali saree. It's one of our best weaving centres, says Kasturi Menon. And the chairperson of the Crafts Council of India should know: In 2006 she'd done a survey of the 'arang' and found their saris are \"good quality, long lasting and inexpensive.\"Menon has happy memories of that visit. The weavers worked al-most like a cooperative - and they'd invite her to share the meals cooked by their wives - one cooked dal, another the sabzi, a third the fries...That's why she was pained to learn that, of late, powerloom had taken over the lives of the weavers who were now weaving collars and cuffs for hosiery and knitwear companies in Ludhiana. This was perhaps inevitable: \"Over one day they could barely finish one saree. The collars and cuffs could earn them more.\"When a worried gentleman came to Kamala, the outlet at ICCR's Tagore Centre, Menon swung into action. The weavers had a large stock of dhanekhalis with the herringbone motif on black border traditionally worn by grand-motherly widows. She took them to Vanashri Rao of Hyderabad who worked on it with Kalamkari applique. Then she took some to Bagru craftsmen in Rajasthan who value added with tiny red butis.\"Sanganeri, the renowned block print tradition of Rajasthan, has surmounted predictability by taking to printing on silk and chanderi,\" informs Menon. \"Bagru, Kalamkari and Begumpuri traditions were wilting, withering, dying.\" The fusion has breathed new life into them and offered a new fashion statement for Kolkata's Puja shoppers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16318008", "title": "10 undertrials died in Puzhal jail since November last year", "text": "CHENNAI: The death of an undertrial in Puzhal prison on Saturday has taken the toll of those dead here to 10 since November last year. Mookan alias Gunasekaran, an undertrial, died at the government hospital in Royapettah after he reportedly had a seizure.Gunasekaran, 32, a resident of Royapuram, was arrested by railway police for theft a few months ago. He was then remanded in Puzhal prison. On Saturday morning, jail inmates told officials about his plight. He was referred to the hospital after prison doctors examined him. But, he died without responding to treatment.The deaths have left the police officials at a loss, as several measures are on to reform and rehabilitate them. Additional director general of police (prison) S K Dogra found the deaths a mystery as steps have been taken to reform prisoners, including undertrials. In a recent initiative, Dogra rehabilitated prisoners by providing those jobs as security guards.A prison official said undertrial K Satish Kumar killed himself on August 3 in his prison cell by hanging from his lungi. He was found dead when members of the state human rights commission visited him.Constant monitoring of prisoners is the best way to check their health and other problems they are facing, say officials. \"Official should collect details of prisoner who either committed suicide or died while in judicial custody after speaking to their family members. If there is any pattern behind these deaths, then the prison official try imparting meditation and yoga skills to help them,\" advocate S Parasuram in Madras high court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16318057", "title": "Man\u2019s suicide: Friends say note missing", "text": "CHENNAI: Friends of a 30-year-old man who committed suicide on Thursday have raised suspicions of his death, saying a councilor is responsible for his death. K Rasu Kutty, a conservancy supervisor with Neel Metal Fanalca (NMF) was found hanging in his house in West Mambalam when the family was away.His friends said Kutty, a native of Palakkad in Kerala, seemed to be frustrated in his last days. His mother had gone to buy milk when the incident happened. His friends said Kutty had left behind a suicide note, in which he had accused a councilor of torturing him. They said the note was missing. Police said there was no such suspicion.Kutty had come to Chennai about 10 years ago and worked in a few private companies he joined Neel Metal as a supervisor at the zonal office near Mogappair. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317493", "title": "Ghatkopar senior killing: Victim may have been poisoned first", "text": "MUMBAI: The police suspect that the Ghatkopar businessman's 62-year-old wife who was murdered on Friday was first poisoned before her throat and her wrists were slit. The killers fled with several diamond-studded jewellery pieces and four gold chains worth Rs 15 lakh. A 40-year-old domestic help, whom the victim Daksha Daftary had employed 20 days ago to massage her legs and wash her utensils, is the prime suspect in the case.On Saturday, a team from the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) collected several samples from the victim's bedroom of her fourth floor flat at Srikrishna Ashish in Garodia, Ghatkopar (East).Crime branch officials learnt that after killing Daftary, the killer also appears to have stolen a bunch of keys to her locker and a black, personal dairy which contained contact details of domestic help, including the suspect, and a record of payments made to them.Meanwhile, the cops also suspect that at least two persons, including the woman, were involved in Daftary's murder. The sniffer dog was employed but there was trail diminished after some distance. The police visited the suspect's 'residence' but there was no trace of her.When asked additional commissioner of police (east) Quaiser Khalid whether the FSL team has been called to check whether the victim was poisoned before her throat was slit, Khalid said the police are probing all angles. \"We have found the kitchen knife which was used to kill the victim. Gold and diamond-studded ornaments were stolen.\"A Pant Nagar police officer said they suspect that the incident took place after 11am on Friday. Around 9am, Daftary's husband Satish (69), who is into the business of dairy products, left for work at Ghatkopar Industrial Estate. \"Around 11.45am, one of victim's daughters called on the landline number but there was no response. Through the day, the husband and their daughters tried to get in touch with her. At 7.30, he reached home and when no one responded to his repeated knocks, he used his keys to open the flat. To his horror, he found his wife lying in a pool of blood in the second bedroom,\" the police learnt from the victim's husband and the two daughters who live at Tardeo and Vidya Vihar.During the probe, investigators learnt that several servants kept changing at Daftary's residence.The suspect has been booked under Indian Penal Code's sections for murder and robbery.On one hand, the crime branch officials were excited to arrest one of the accused in Chetna Ajmera's murder and, on the other, they have been probing the death of another senior citizen. Ajmera was killed on May 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317132", "title": "RWAs bicker, so blocks are colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The notification of 895 colonies as regularized by the Sheila Dikshit-led Congress government is likely to put the BJP-led corporations in a fix when they get down to making layout plans. The list reveals at least 42 cases which originally figured under one registration number when 1639 colonies submitted applications in 2007-08 but have now been regularized as more than one colony. Thus, nearly 50 new colonies have been added to the original list of 42 with blocks within the original colonies being demarcated as new colonies.For instance, Badli Extension in northwest Delhi was given a registration number of 541 when it submitted its application in 2007-08. But in the latest notification, this registration number has been allocated to three entities \u2014 Badli Village, Badli Extension (541), Badli Extension (541A) and Block-A, Badli Extension (541B).Similarly, Sainik Enclave in Uttam Nagar in west Delhi was originally registered under number 660 but has now been split into three colonies - Sainik Enclave (660), New Sainik Vihar, Mohan Garden, Uttam Nagar (660A) and Sainik Enclave (660B).So, the 895 can actually be pruned down to 845. The Congress government has of course stuck to 895, showing 583 colonies on government land and 312 on private land.According to sources, the registration numbers were split mostly in order to overcome the problem of multiple RWAs. The department of urban development found that there were many cases of not just more than one RWA submitting plans but even the layouts turning out to be different as they represented different blocks of the same colony. This became a major roadblock in speedy regularization. In many cases, the associations refused to make a common federation to overcome the hurdle. So, the government decided to fix the boundaries based on layouts of various blocks submitted by different RWAs of the same area, sources said. To overcome the registration hurdle - could not have exceeded the number of 1639 who had applied originally - the department decided to subdivide the area into A, B, C and so on.\"The government can't give blocks in a residential colony the status of a colony. Only those colonies can be regularized which were mentioned in the list of 1639. If there were multiple plans submitted by RWAs, then the government should have merged the plans to mark the boundaries of the colony. Badli Extension is one colony. Block A Badli Extension can't be a colony. This will result in problems when layouts come up for clearance,\" said a senior official of South Corporation.With assembly elections scheduled next year, BJP blames the state government for the mess. \"First 1218 colonies were given provisional certificates before the 2008 polls. But after over four years, a list of 895 colonies is being notified. With registration numbers being split like this, small blocks will be regularized as colonies,'' said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North Delhi Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16318272", "title": "Online, offline JEE exam to be held in April next year", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first Joint Engineering Examination (main) 2013, known so far as as the All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) paper I, will be held in April 2013.The JEE apex board on JEE main and advanced decided that the JEE (main) for BE/ BTech will be held in two modes \u2014 offline and online. The offline exam for JEE (main) will be held on April 7, 2013, and the online exam will be held thereafter in April. The examination (paper II of earlier AIEEE) for admissions to B Arch/ B Planning courses at NITs, IIITs, DTU and other centrally funded technical institutes (CFTIs) will be held on April 7, 2013, in offline mode only.According to JEE apex board, the merit list for admission to NITs, IIITs, DTU and other CFTIs will be prepared by giving 40% weightage (suitably normalized) to Class XII or other qualifying examination marks and 60% to the performance in JEE (main) examination.The JEE (main) 2013 will have one three-hour objective-type question paper. The paper will consist of physics, chemistry and mathematics. The paper II will have one question paper consisting of math, aptitude test and drawing test as per past practice of AIEEE. The duration will be three hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16318699", "title": "Women lawyers move Supreme Court to end harassment in courts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sixty-three women lawyers have sought the Supreme Court's help to end the malady of sexual harassment prevalent in various courts across the country. \"The applicants who have been closely aware of untoward incidents of sexual harassment seek justice from SC to remove this malady which has plagued the women in this profession,\" they said.\"In order to subserve the ends of justice towards the women advocates who require protection from sexual harassment in court precincts, there is an urgent requirement that SC gives further directions in this regard, the petitioners said and also sought to be made parties in a case pending before the apex court and relating to alleged physical violence against a female advocate in Delhi high court.The petitioners said: \"There is no forum in SC, or the courts below, for women to address the issue of sexual harassment experienced by them frequently at the hands of their colleagues and persons in whose contact they come in while discharging their duties as advocates.\"As per the guidelines laid down in the 1997 Vishaka judgment, a committee headed by a woman and with a majority of women members be set up in the apex court, each HC and trial court so that such cases could be addressed and resolved, the petitioners said. \"At present, there is no such forum and in the light of the case before the Supreme Court, such a committee is the need of the hour and should be immediately set up,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16317396", "title": "Ex-Armyman held for selling opium", "text": "HYDERABAD: An ex-Army officer was arrested on Saturday when one kg opium was recovered from his office in Alwal. Assistant commissioner of police, Begumpet, IVTS Suryanarayana said Mohan Ram, who had retired from the Army, was found selling opium. \"Mohan Ram had been purchasing the contraband from his native place in Jodhpur. He confessed that he was peddling opium for the last three months,\" Trimulgherry inspector P Sreedhar said. He was arrested under the NDPS Act and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "16318526", "title": "ATM fraud: Rs 77,000 withdrawn from teacher's account", "text": "BARNALA: A teacher at a government senior secondary school at Hamidi, near Barnala, became the latest victim of cyber fraud as Rs 77,000 was withdrawn from his account at different ATMs located in Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh on a single day.According to 25-year-old Gaurav Gupta from Barnala, he lost the money on September 3. The money was withdrawn in seven transactions - six at different ATMs in Jhansi and one in Lucknow - on a day when he was teaching computer science at the school. He said his ATM card was always in his possession and its PIN was never given to anybody else and the total amount withdrawn was Rs 77,000 against the daily limit of Rs 40,000.\"When I went to the SBI branch ATM at Barnala on September 7 I was stunned to see Rs 77,000 less in my account. I immediately got the account summary and found Rs 77,000 was withdrawn from my account at faraway places of Jhansi and Lucknow on September 3,\" Gaurav said. \"I got three months' salary on August 31 and had withdrawn only Rs 2,000 from it on September 1 leaving Rs 77,126 in the account. It seems some fraudsters hacked the bank account and withdrew the money,\" he said.Gaurav's father Sat Pal, who is employed with the Indian Overseas Bank, said they have lodged a complaint with the SBI authorities and police.SBI Barnala main branch chief manager PS Sodhi said he has asked all the branches from where the money was withdrawn to provide withdrawal details along with CCTV footage. \"Necessary action will be taken if any fraud at any level is detected,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16318137", "title": "Police to take anti-terror fight to your homes?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by recent incidents showing how an increasing number of youths are getting indoctrinated with radical views, India will explore the community outreach programme adopted in the US and the UK to curb the growing social malaise.The option was discussed on Friday as part of various possibilities and solutions during the ongoing security meet in New Delhi, where the country's top cops referred to the role of Indian Mujahideen (IM) and its modules behind deep-rooted radicalization and indoctrination to attract \"fresh talents\" for the banned terror outfit.Spread of hate messages, depicting a particular community as a victim in India, in the wake of lower Assam violence and the unrest in Mumbai's Azad Maidan also figured in the discussion.The DG and IG-ranked officers of state police and security agencies emphasized on adopting a two-pronged strategy \u2014 de-radicalization and counter-radicalization \u2014 to deal with the menace in a structured manner. A similar model is adopted in the West by involving various agencies and non-political community leaders.The participants suggested that the model could be replicated by involving not only police officers but also officials of different ministries, including human resources, minority affairs and information &amp; broadcasting, through various activities.They cited that though the IM was created and funded by Pakistani spy agency ISI as a front for Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) in India, it had enrolled local youth to set up terror modules in different parts of the country. Interrogation of over a dozen arrested IM cadre had revealed how they were drawn towards the outfit after being brainwashed by radical elements.\"There is a need to reach out to many such vulnerable youths in a structured manner. It is being done by various agencies in the US and the UK through community outreach programmes,\" said an official, who participated in the discussion.Though the recent arrests of educated youth, including a DRDO scientist and other professionals in Bangalore and other cities for plotting terror strikes, acted as a trigger to discuss the matter of radicalization, the participants constantly referred to the IM underlining the banned terror outfit's looming threat perception.In fact, activities of IM, involved in a number of terror attacks in the country over the past four years, were discussed by the top cops in a separate session for more than two hours on Friday.Expressing their concern over the growing activities of the IM in their states, a number of senior police officers also said that unless physical and financial support received by the terrorists from across the border were stopped, it was difficult to control terror strikes in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16325632", "title": "Bomb hoax, emergency landing at Lahore airport", "text": "LAHORE: A hoax bomb call briefly disrupted services at the Lahore airport today, after external affairs minister S M Krishna's special plane took off.While the bomb threat at a Karachi-bound PIA flight turned out to be a hoax, another Pakistan International Airlines flight made an emergency landing at the airport minutes after Krishna's departure.According to officials, a PIA flight going from Islamabad to Karachi had to make an emergency landing in Lahore after the Boeing was hit by a bird.\"The bird hit the pilot's window. The pilot made a safe emergency landing and all 181 passengers on board remained unhurt,\" a PIA spokesman told PTI.In the other incident, a Karachi-bound flight was delayed for a couple of hours after authorities received information from an unidentified person that a bomb had been planted in the plane.\"After a thorough search, the alert turned out to be a hoax,\" the spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16321680", "title": "Breach of poll promise also corruption, Mulayam Singh Yadav says", "text": "LUCKNOW: Claiming that SP is the only party ever to fulfil its poll promises, its chief Mulayam Singh Yadav today said breach of election promises is also corruption.\"Unlike SP, no party has ever fulfilled promises made by them during elections. SP feels that breach of promise is also corruption...party leaders, who are holding posts of ministers should maintain trust of people with their actions,\" Yadav said while kickstarting distribution of unemployment dole to about 10,500 youths at a programme here.He said the target of the state government is not only to give unemployment allowance but also employment to youths.\"In the days to come, we will start Kanya Vidya Dhan scheme and fulfil all our poll promises...Though the government is of five years, we will try to fulfil all the promises as early as possible,\" Yadav said.Earlier, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav blamed the previous BSP government of doing noting to redress the unemployment problem in the state.\"The previous government did nothing to redress problem of unemployment. After SP got power, it has succeeded in making positive atmosphere in the state and investors are attracted. We hope new industries will be set up and employment opportunities will be generated in the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16320219", "title": "Man with scissors caught outside Miley Cyrus' home", "text": "A man with an extended criminal record was arrested outside Miley Cyrus's home in Los Angeles after he tried to force himself into the singer-actress's home.Cyrus was reportedly not present at home, when the incident happened. It was her employees who called the police.According to Los Angeles police Lt. Brian Wendling, employees inside singer's house in the Studio City area informed the police around 4 a.m. Saturday after the man came to the door and claimed to be a friend of the 19-year-old singer-actress.The man who had a pair of nail clipper-like scissors and wore a heart-shaped ornament made of rope over his chest then started to light candles, before repeatedly throwing himself against an outside wall as if he was trying to break into the house, CBS News reported.Police said when they reach there the man then jumped behind some bushes and tried to flee, but surrendered after he was threatened by a Taser gun.The man later identified himself as Jason Luis Rivera and Police said he has an extended criminal history and is not from the area.He was caught on suspicion of trespassing and possibly burglary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16318326", "title": "Police cane-charge Akhil Bhartiya Vidhyarthi Parishad demonstrators", "text": "GONDIA: Activists of the Akhil Bhartiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) were reportedly manhandled and cane-charged by police at Fulchur and Katangi check posts on Saturday. The activists tried to enter Gondia to protest alleged corruption by central heavy industries minister Praful Patel in allotment of aviation land at throwaway price and allotment of coal blocks.The protest was to be held in front of the office the minister. Police had made adequate arrangements at Kudwa, Kaangi and Fulchur check posts to keep the agitators at bay. But around 2pm, when these demonstrators started a road blockade at Fulchur and Katangi check posts, police resorted to lathi charge (mild on Fulchur square while quite severe on Katangi check post, which is the entry point to Gondia district from MP.)According to Sanjay Kulkarni, Gondia unit chief of BJP, the president of all India ABVP Vishnudatta Sharma and member of central board Prafulla Akant were injured. Two girls Ashvini Paranjape and Ranu Shahu had become unconscious and they were admitted in the local KTS hospital. Local leader of ABVP Vyankat Patle said that police resorted to lathi charge needlessly as the body was holding a peaceful agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318938", "title": "Breaking the glasses ceiling", "text": "Kids think it's not cool to wear spectacles. Some students developing a plan to make eyeglasses more acceptable hope to change that.The 'Spectacular Man' doesn't spin a web, have Batmobile or killer laser beams. He just whips out his glasses, probably Rajini-style , to unleash his superpowers. It's what he aspires to do that sets him apart from other superheroes - he wants to encourage the use of spectacles by kids who need to wear them and to sensitise others on the issue.The quirky superhero computer game is the brainchild of RiteSight, a young team of students. They are competing in a challenge set by NGO Sightsavers and Financial Times of London to develop a plan to make glasses acceptable and accessible to children or young people in Africa/ Asia. Aaron Basaiawmoit, a Young India Fellow and member of RiteSight, says, \"When children play games, they don't discriminate between the bespectacled ones and those without glasses. Our idea is to use games to develop better understanding between them.\"Each of the six shortlisted teams in the challenge have come up with different ideas of using games, comics, storytelling, road shows, celeb endorsements and special kits to promote spectacle wear. Each team has one member from each continent and their strategising has taken place over Skype , email and chatrooms. Karl-Justin Sturmer , who is an MBA student from ESADE business school in Barcelona , and is member of another team, The Glass Ceiling , says, \"We aimed to develop a tool kit that teachers can use in schools to make an initial diagnosis of students' eyesight in rural India. The toolkit will have a sighttesting machine, sample glasses and a handbook that is easy to use. We also want to create an advertising campaign where actors wear exactly the same frames as the ones available to children to increase the appeal of wearing glasses.\" He believes children everywhere have the same concerns on wearing glasses: \"I vividly remember my first pair of glasses and the fears involved when I was 8 years old!\"Regardless of which team wins, the issue at hand needs to be tackled with urgency . A recent survey of 1075 school students in northwest Delhi by Maulana Azad Medical College researchers, published in the Indian Journal of Ophthalmology, found that 82% of the girls didn't wear glasses despite poor vision, fearing their marriage prospects would be affected. Elizabeth Kurian, CEO of Sightsavers India , says, \"Even when refractive error is detected, children are reluctant to wear spectacles as they are teased by their friends and classmates who call them names like 'four eyes' , 'owl' , 'soda glasses' etc. But more severe discrimination is faced by girls who are considered 'less beautiful' because they wear spectacles.\"A child with eye conditions that are left untreated is perceived to be inferior because she can't keep up at school (since she can't see the blackboard properly), adds Elizabeth. Such children might even drop out of school. Elizabeth cites the case of Sushma, 12, of Chikahalli, Bangalore, who required glasses for her low vision, but was very reluctant as she got teased at school. Her eyesight has since deteriorated to a prescription of -27 . \"Before getting the glasses, Sushma found it difficult to learn at school and take part in things like races.\" She is still unhappy because she fears being teased for her thick glasses.If left untreated, such children can develop lazy eye, warns Dr Sunita Lulla Gur, senior consultant ophthalmologist at ICARE Eye Hospital, Noida. A lazy eye or amblyopia means that one eye has not developed normally and always has blurred vision. She says the incidence of refractive error in children is 10-15 %. \"Many urban parents accept the reality that their children needs specs, though not happily.\"In northeast India, too, - which would be the launch pad for RiteSight's project if they win - parents show similar reluctance. Dr Jennifer V Basaiawmoit , medical director of Bansara Eye Care Centre in Shillong , says, \"In Meghalaya , young children are afraid of wearing glasses for fear of being teased or looking ugly. But the fear of marriage prospects of being affected is not there among older girls.\"Besides attitude, affordability and accessibility are the other key issues limiting the use of spectacles. To address these factors, Aaron says, \"We plan to include campaigns, vision charts, kaleidoscopes , paper binoculars, certificate programme for schools and introduce a range of designer glasses.\" Adds team member Dev Bhargava, MBA student at Aarhus University, Denmark: \"We aim to secure initial funding through grantsin-aid , crowd-funding schemes and other options. Income from donations will be sought only during the initial phase.\"Whichever team wins next month, their single hope is to spread the word: \"I am proud to be chashmish!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318962", "title": "2 hot, too soon", "text": "A new study to be published in the next issue of Current Science predicts upto 2 degrees rise in temperature in India as early as the 2030s. Climate change's catastrophic effect, it seems, is here faster than anyone had expected.A two degrees rise in the average global temperature is considered the danger line beyond which climate change will have intense impacts. Till now the general belief was that there is enough time to avert what scientists call 'catastrophic' climate change. Perhaps not any more.A new research by climate scientists at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) says India will experience a 1.7 to 2 degrees Celsius rise in temperature (compared to preindustrial levels) as early as the 2030s. The study, which is to be published in the next issue of the journal Current Science, also projects that precipitation in India is likely to increase by 4-5 % by the 2030s.According to the authors of the report, a two degrees rise can be severe for India. \"Warming of equal to or in excess to two degrees is considered 'dangerous' by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and the science community . India is also a signatory to the Cancun Agreement to limit warming to less than two degrees. But this threshold may be breached in India after 2030s and the all-India mean temperature rise could reach up to 4.8 degrees by 2080s if global CO2 emissions continue unabated,\" says one of the authors of the study, N H Ravindranath, who is professor at the Centre for Sustainable Technologies and Centre for Ecological Sciences at IISc.Long term projections of the study reveal that mean warming in India is likely to be between 3.3-4 .8 degrees Celsius by the 2080s and precipitation is projected to increase by 6-14 % towards the end of the century. A two degrees rise in temperature in India means extreme warm periods across the country. Northern India, particularly Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh , Delhi, Punjab and Haryana are projected to experience higher levels of warming compared to the rest of the country . In northeast India, Arunachal Pradesh is likely to experience relatively higher levels of warming. These projections are made under a 'business-as-usual' scenario, which means if the world's green house gas emissions continue to pollute at the current levels, there will definitely be a breach of the two degrees mark.However, a large section of people find such extreme scenarios hard to believe. So how reliable are these projections? \"Scientists are not speculating,\"says R K Chaturvedi, the lead author of the study and a national environmental science fellow . \"Our findings are based on robust climate models. In fact, for the first time, we have used an average of 18 climate models to arrive at a finding which will have a smaller margin of error. These models have managed to predict our past correctly. So if the temperature rise in the past has been predicted correctly and we have compared them with real data, why will it throw up incorrect projections for the future?\"Ravindranath reaffirms that the situation is serious. \"Jammu and Kashmir and a few other parts of the Himalayan region will be the worst affected. The region is projected to experience the highest mean warming up to 8 degrees by 2080s. I'm not joking when I say there will be no snow in Kashmir. The only way to remember snow fall in Kashmir will be to watch the old Shammi Kapoor flick Junglee,\" he says wryly.Even scientists not connected with the study agree that a future doomsday scenario is possible. \"The findings are quite reasonable,\" says S K Dash, head of the department of Centre for Atmospheric Sciences at IIT Delhi. \"Not many studies have been done based on so many climate models . Therefore, the results of this study are likely to be reliable. Our own studies have shown that India has experienced an average temperature rise of about 1.2 degrees in the past 100 years. So it's not strange to assume a two degrees rise by 2030,\" he says.Many scientists feel that India, especially , would feel the heat of this projected change in temperature more than others. Sudhir Chella Rajan, professor at the department of humanities and social sciences at IIT Madras, who recently evaluated India's National Climate Action Plan on Climate Change, says that India is more vulnerable because of a variety of reasons. \"First, our vast size and geography has hot spots like the Himalayas and the coastal areas. Then there is poverty. The poor are not resilient enough to deal with intense impacts like very warm periods or even floods. That's why it's time we reacted faster to this impending disaster.\"Singeing surveyOne of the first Indian studies where climate change projections have been made based on multiple models encompassing a range of new scenarios for 2005 to 2100The 2 degrees C threshold may be breached for India in 2030s and the all-India mean temperature could reach 4.8 degrees by 2080sNumber of extreme rainfall days (8 cm/day) is likely to increase by 60% after 2050sNorth India will experience very high temperatures in the summer months. Projected warming in these regions will further exacerbate the heat stress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16318669", "title": "Delhi lawyer's murder: Techie booked for suspect's rape", "text": "PUNE: Acting on the Bombay High Court order of August 31, the Wanowrie police on Saturday registered a case against techie Nimesh Sinha for allegedly raping and cheating a Bangalore-based professional, who is an accused in the murder of Delhi-based woman lawyer Juhi Prasad.Nimesh's father Ramesh Nandan Prasad and mother Aba Sinha, both from Patna, have also been booked for abetting the crime.The 40-year-old complainant is in judicial custody at the Yerawada jail and is alleged to have killed Prasad by setting her ablaze at Sinha's apartment in Wanowrie on October 13 last year. She was a manager of a private company in Bangalore and had surrendered before a court on November 15, a month after the murder.The murder suspect had sent a written complaint from jail to the police accusing Sinha of rape. When the police failed to act, she moved the high court through her lawyer Vaibhav Jathar.According to the first information report (FIR) registered on Saturday, Nimesh was in love with the murder suspect and had maintained physical relations with her after promising to marry her.The woman has alleged that Nimesh repeatedly raped her in Gurgaon and Pune between September 2006 and November 2011 while they were staying together.The FIR further says that Nimesh had allegedly cheated her by misusing her credit cards for monetary gains and beat her up, besides threatening her with dire consequences.Nimesh and his parents have been booked for committing offences punishable under sections 376 (rape), 420 (cheating), 323 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt), 506 (1) (punishment for criminal intimidation) read with 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code.Sub-inspector Suvarna Hulvan of the Wanowrie police station said, \"We have filed a plea with the court, seeking permission to record the woman's statement in jail. We have registered the FIR on the basis of her complaint which she had sent from the jail.\"The woman was allegedly angry after hearing about Nimesh's engagement with Juhi. She is alleged to have set the couple afire while they were asleep in Nimesh's rented apartment at Wanowrie. Juhi had suffered 90% burns and succumbed to her injuries in hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16317410", "title": "Legislators to get new flats by 2014", "text": "HYDERABAD: A new residential complex, providing housing for legislators, will come up in Hyderguda by 2014 with civic works for the proposed 120-apartment block getting underway a few days back.In view of the increasing demand for housing for MLAs and MLCs, the government had five years back demolished a few of the apartments at the Old MLA Quarters in Hyderguda and proposed a new housing complex on the premises. Former chief minister K Rosaiah had laid the foundation stone for the AP Legislators' Residential Building Complex (MS Block phase-III) in March 2010.\"The roads &amp; buildings (R&B;) department floated tenders and awarded the contract to city-based infrastructure firm IVRCL to construct the residential complex on a four-acre plot of land. We will spend Rs 120 crore for the residential complex. As per the agreement with the firm, construction will be completed by February 2014,\" executive engineer (R&B;), Assembly Buildings Division, G Sameer Kumar, told STOI.The 120 flats would be constructed in the main block which is to have 14 floors. Each floor would have 10 three-BHK flats. Apart from the residential complex, a commercial building, staff quarters for MLAs, attendants' quarters and a clubhouse will come up on the premises.\"For the first time, we will construct a multi-level car parking system near the main building to avoid parking problems,\" Kumar added.The R&B; department has sent a letter to the department of forests seeking permission to axe/translocate around 35 trees located on the premises. Forest officials have convened a meeting on September 12 to take a final decision on whether to axe the trees or have them translocated instead. We have alerted the AP Central Power Distribution Company Ltd ( APCPDCL) to shift electric poles to speed up construction, he added.A decades-old post office located on the Old MLA Quarters' premises, serving both the elected representatives and locals,is next week to be moved temporarily to a shopping complex (attached to the MLA Quarters) till completion of construction, the official added.Meanwhile, the state government has also proposed another 110 flats in Adarshnagar, again for MLAs and MLCs.\"Soon, the government will float tenders for construction of a new apartment complex in Adarshnagar. Once these two residential complexes (Hyderguda and Adarshnagar) are completed, the shortage of housing for elected representatives will come to an end,\" said a senior official in charge of allotting quarters to MLAs/MLCs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16318672", "title": "Expert bats for elevated metro", "text": "PUNE: Chief executive and managing director of Hyderabad Metro V B Gadgil on Friday supported the elevated metro for Pune and suggested that the project's Detailed Project Report (DPR) be revalidated before actual work begins.Gadgil was speaking on metro rail projects and traffic scenarios in Hyderabad and Pune at a programme organized by Indian Concrete Institute, Pune centre, Durocrete and Construction Quality Rating Agency to mark 'World Concrete Day'.\"The elevated metro is the best option for cities in India as an underground metro costs about two and half times more. One has to think of funding and revenue sources while looking at an underground metro. In Hyderabad, we are building an elevated metro,\" he said.The underground metro would consume excessive power and there are security threats to be considered, he added.\"People say the elevated metro will create a traffic mess during construction. But that is true for the underground metro too which needs massive tunnel digging machines. Also, stations for the underground metro have to be on the road. One has to think of practical ways to mitigate traffic congestion,\" said Gadgil.He insisted that the DPR for the metro be revalidated before actual work starts. \"There is a gap between the preparation of DPR and actual project work. The city changes every day and infrastructure is being added. Hence, the DPR should not be stagnant,\" he added.He set aside fears that the upper middle class and car users will not opt for public transport. Gadgil said that the Delhi metro experience has shown that people travel by public transport if it is comfortable and caters to their needs.\"There are debates in several cities on the traffic systems. No traffic system is a substitute for the other. Every transport system has its own place with plus and minus points. A multimode transport system, metro, mono rails and the BRTS cannot be replaced. A city has to integrate all modes as per the requirement,\" said Gadgil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16321542", "title": "Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari has taken Sarabjit's case very seriously: Krishna", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari has taken \"very seriously\" the case of Indian death row prisoner Sarabjit Singh , who has been in a jail for two decades, external affairs minister S M Krishna said.Krishna raised 49-year-old Sarabjit's case with Zardari during a meeting here on Friday.\"The President has taken it very seriously and he instructed his office to look into the details,\" Krishna told Indian reporters during an interaction here last evening.\"Our approach is on a humanitarian basis, especially the fact that he has spent almost 20 years in a Pakistani jail,\" he said.The Pakistan government will have to consider factors like Sarabjit's age and health while deciding on the issue, Krishna said.Sarabjit was convicted for alleged involvement in a string of bombings in 1990 that killed 14 people. His family says he is a farmer and the victim of mistaken identity.Sarabjit's relatives said he strayed into Pakistan in an inebriated state three months after the bombings.Following the intervention of the Pakistan People's Party-led government, Sarabjit's execution was put off indefinitely.He is currently being held at Kot Lakhpat Jail in Lahore and recently submitted a fresh mercy petition to President Zardari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16317423", "title": "Snail mail zooming back", "text": "HYDERABAD: Postal services do not seem to have lost their relevance in the age of internet. Indicating a growing demand for postal facilities, in the last fiscal year alone, as many as nine residential areas have asked for a post office to be opened in the vicinity. This is a far cry from say, until five years ago, when not a single letter would land at the doorstep of the postal department.Strange as it may sound, denizens 'e-quipped' with smart phones and all things prefixed with an 'i', are queuing up to request for the humble postal service. In 2011-12, the department received nine official written applications from colonies across the twin cities requesting that it relocate a post office to their area.\"Everybody suddenly wants a post office in their colony. As residential areas are expanding, people are feeling the need for a post office somewhere nearby. But, according to department policy, we cannot exceed a certain number of post offices in the state and, hence, we try to relocate existing post offices to areas where the demand is higher.\"Applications for relocation started increasing around five years back. Until 2010, there would be just about five such applications but last year that figure was nine, which is a big jump,\" said an official. However, it is learnt that this number denotes just a fraction of the actual demand for post offices in the city with officials saying that the department has also received several unofficial requests last year.The increasing demand for post offices across the city is also reflected in the number of mails being handled by the department and the revenue thus generated. From a total of 3.77 lakh postage items handled in Hyderabad in 2007-08, the figure soared to a whopping 6.74 lakh in 2010-11. The figure accounts for ordinary mail, registered mail, money orders and registered parcels. Meanwhile, the total revenue in Hyderabad and Rangareddy districts from various postal services went from around Rs 85 crore in 2009-10 to more than Rs 91 crore in 2011-12.Karuna Pillai, chief postmaster general of AP Circle, said, \"Although personal mails are not too many, business mails, speed posts and express parcel service have picked up immensely and are really popular. We have seen a 32% rise in the overall business over the last one year.\"She further added, \"The post office's connection with the people is slowly reviving. We never received requests for relocating post offices in such large numbers before. With the expansion of residential colonies, there has been a tremendous spurt in demand\".The most recent post office relocation, done last month, was the one that moved facilities from Suchitra Junction in Bowenpally to Jeedimetla. The allocation was achieved on the back of substantial public demand. And what is more, sources in the department revealed that soon after the relocation, even Suchitra Junction residents have requested for a separate post office in their locality.Meldy Titus, a resident of Sahara Estates and among the nine localities which have appealed that a post office be shifted to their colony, said, \"A post office in the colony is very necessary. Currently, the nearest post offices are at LB Nagar and the Geological Survey of India, which are at least two kilometres away. Despite telephone and internet connections, a post office is essential as many important documents like banking details, hall tickets for exams, call letters and college applications are still sent by post.\" City builders, too, agreed that having a post office in the vicinity of a property only added to its value as it signified for the customer that the locality was developed and had good infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317099", "title": "Indian singers contradict Raj, speak of welcome in Pak", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray seems to be misinformed about Indian singers visiting Pakistan. One of the reasons Thackeray has given for opposing a music reality show on TV featuring Pakistani singers, is that Indian musicians are not welcome across the border.In the last six months, singers like Kailash Kher , Alka Yagnik and Kumar Sanu performed in Karachi and Lahore without a single protest. Sufi singer Abida Parveen, who was recently in Mumbai to promote her music show, said: \"I don't think there is any people to people issue. There is a lot of love between artists across the border. Just recently, an Alka Yagnik and Kumar Sanu performance was played live on national television in Pakistan.\"Kher and his band performed in May this year. \"Everyone advised me not to go to Karachi but a huge number of fan mails and messages compelled me to go. I overlooked the fear and explored the love and was amazed to see the overwhelming response towards me and Kailasa Music. Karachi was an unforgettable experience for us,\" Kher had said on his return.MNS forces change in Bhojpuri film titleThe Maharashtra Navnirman Sena has now turned its attention to film titles. MNS MLA Bala Nandgaonkar has forced the distributor of a Bhojpuri film, 'EK Bihari Sau Pe Bhaari', to change its title to 'Ek Niruha Sar Phira'. MNS men had recently ransackeda theatre showing the film.Won't let Pakistanis play here: Sena chiefShiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray on Saturday said he would not allow Pakistani cricketers to play In India. Thackeray also claimed that he can solve all problems and set things right within a month in the country if he was handed over the charge of the Indian Army. (Input from agencies)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16317365", "title": "Transport Nagar to be ready by December", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has resumed work on the Transport Nagar project and aims to complete it by December. This will come as a relief to thousands of transporters as well as residents considering the frequent traffic jams and illegal parking of commercial vehicles on city roads.Tenders were invited and preliminary work for developing the 25.83-hectare Transport Nagar in Sector 69 had started in September last year. However, the project was held up after the model code of coduct came into force in the district ahead of the assembly elections.With demands for a designated site for transporters growing louder, the Noida Authority has revived the project. Laying of water and sewerage network as well as construction of roads has started again.The Authority had decided to build a Transport Nagar to put an end to traffic snarls, provide space for commercial transport operations and address illegal parking of commercial vehicles on roads in the absence of an official depot. The map of the chosen site was finalized and approved by the Authority Board members in March last year. The hub will have 500 plots, each measuring 120 sq m, as parking areas with a capacity to house about 2,500 vehicles. Parking space will also be provided for commercial vehicles plying with national and state permits.The Authority will also develop dedicated commercial roads, petrol pumps, CNG stations, parks, and small and medium budget hotels at the transport hub.According to Vedpal Chaudhary, President of Noida Transport Association, about 1,500 commercial vehicles enter Noida every day and \"in the absence of an official depot, it results in major traffic snarls.\"Chaudhary added that the new hub will ease traffic woes in Delhi too, as a majority of commercial vehicles shuttle between Delhi and Noida.\"Commercial vehicles are often found parked illegally and traffic is slowed down by trucks parked on the roads. The upcoming hub will solve this problem,\" said a senior Authority official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308755", "title": "Anurag enters commercial cinema for Rani", "text": "Anurag Kashyap chose to be different in an industry dominated by commercial cinema. However, with Aiyyaa it seems that the producer-director enters the commercial territory with confidence.Rani Mukerji turns Marathi mulgi for her comeback vehicle Aiyyaa . The actress grabbed attention for her effective portrayal in No One Killed Jessica and is all set to entertain her fans in serious film like Talaash with Aamir Khan . Also, Anurag made his mark when it comes to dark cinema. However, Rani claims that she wanted to work with Anurag, but in a different film. \"When Anurag came to me with the idea of a film. I told him that I won't do a dark film which he is known for. But, Anurag told me that its a light movie. This film is special as that time I had finished with Jessica and I wanted to do something different,\" said Rani.\"Anurag is very entertaining person in real life and I enjoy working with him,\" added the actress.\"I make commercial film and I want to explore all zones. Be it Marathi or Bengali,\" explained Anurag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16320952", "title": "Mira Nair\u2019s gooseflesh moment at Venice film fest", "text": "The most glorious moment of Mira Nair's career as a filmmaker occurred at the Venice Film Festival earlier this month.Recalls Mira with a tremble in her voice, \"I suddenly saw this frail old woman walking towards me. When she introduced herself as Teresa Ricci, wife of Gillo Pontecorvo who has made one of my ten favourite film of all time The Battle Of Algiers , I froze. Before I could tell her how much her husband's movie meant to me and how deeply it had influenced the philosophy of The Reluctant Fundamentalist , she told me in her measured voice, 'My husband's soul lives in your film.' I don't think I'd ever receive a bigger compliment. This is what I'd like to take to my grave.\"At the moment, Mira has taken a break in her home in New York . \"I've been traveling and living out of suitcases. At least for now, I've a place to hang my bloody saree up and relax. My husband and family are with me. In fact in Venice, there were 55 of us accompanying our film. It felt so reassuring. My leading man Riz Ahmed's parents were there too. Everyone agreed he was a star. Oh yes, Shekhar Kapoor was there too in Venice as a judge. So I felt quite at home.\"In fact, Mira's 21-year old son Zohran who is studying Arabic and International affairs and intends to be a journalist, gave her gyan to calm her nerves in Venice. Chuckles Mira, \"My son said, the underdog always has a good chance of creating an impression. And he was right. There were three screenings of my movie in Venice attended by 11,00 people each. At one of them, we got a 12-minute standing ovation. They just clapped and clapped. I thought it would never end. I've never received such an ovation for any of my films.\"Mira wore her old friend Rohit Bal's creation for the red carpet at Venice. \"Gudda ( Rohit Bal ) and I sat together and designed this flowing kurta made of Chamundi silk . Everyone looked incredibly dapper and my hero Riz Ahmed was the star of our 55-member entourage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16317902", "title": "Stitches from the past coming loose", "text": "Once thronged by the fashionable and well heeled of the city, the inhabitants of Tailor galli in Chhaoni area today follow a very humdrum lifestyle. The booming boutiques and stores selling ready-made clothes have taken a toll on footfalls in this lane. But more than 300 tailor families who still live here say that there is nowhere else to go and nothing else that they can do.\"When the military troops move they carry with them their cooks, washermen and tailors,\" says Kishore Singwar who has a shop and house in the lane. \"Our forefathers who hailed from Andhra Pradesh moved with the battalions and relocated here as they used to stitch military uniforms,\" he informs.Most of the families hail from areas around Gadchiroli. Others moved from Vijayawada. They were residing there by the riverside but got tired of frequent floods and moved here.\"This area is known as Ganpatrao ki Chaoni,\" says Suresh Kadrey whose shop SV Kadrey Tailors once boasted of a clientele which was considered cream of the society. \"Sophisticated machines did not exist in those days. Entire families were employed in the task of stitching clothes. That is the reason shops here are part of homes of tailors,\" says Kadrey.Fishing out a carefully wrapped package from an overflowing steel almirah, Kadrey flaunts a red cover dog-eared book. \"During my grandfather's days everybody who went abroad from this region would get a suite stitched in our shop. One of our patrons gifted this to my father,\" he informs. Three piece suits, jackets, judge's gown, breeches and tailcoats were all stitched by the Kadreys.Living in sturdy homes and not exactly in penury, the tailors in this lane have nevertheless seen better times. But changing trends and business methods have taken a big toll on their work. \"Over the last five decades so much has changed. Synthetic materials have made clothes long lasting and ready-made garments have made them much cheaper. Both these developments have affected our business,\" says Rupesh Kadrey.\"Fancy boutiques and ready-made garment stores set up by rich businessmen have taken away our clientele,\" Kadrey laments as he is tutored into making ladies clothing. \"We need to pump in money to improve work.\"Most of the tailors say that their next generation has moved away and taken up different jobs. \"The rising costs have forced us to hike stitching charges too but we can't compete with ready-made garments as these days one can buy three shirts for less than Rs150,\" says Jagdish Sindhuwar.His two sons are working elsewhere. \"Till 20 years back every home in this lane was into tailoring.\"But there are still many who prefer to get their clothes tailored to personal specifications. Shantaram Deshpande, who retired from his bank job recently, says that he has never worn a ready-made shirt or pant. \"My preferences of cloth are special and I buy cloth and get it stitched,\" he says and adds that he still visits the Tailor galli. \"I find the clothes stitched by my tailor very durable and well fitting.\"Another tailor in this lane, Anil Domkundwar says that his clientele does not include young people anymore. \"Mostly 50+ or those who wear XXL sizes or are very thin get their clothes stitched,\" he said.Tailors are nowadays mostly doing alteration or repair jobs. \"The upscale boutiques have even poached our workers. They are paid good salaries as those who run boutiques do not know how to cut or stitch cloth,\" he says.For the fashion and style conscious people ready-made clothes are best buys. \"It is not about just material or fitting. Designs are important too. I don't have the skill to design my own outfits. The detailing like embroidery and accessories which are so well embellished on ready-made dresses would cost a bomb if done individually,\" says Rohini Salankar who picks her clothes from boutiques or stores.But some like Ajay Marchettywar, a tailor in this lane, have actually expanded their work defying the trends. \"I now get only a middle class clientele. But I have adapted to the times by using new machines and techniques like interlocking and pressing used by garment factories.\" He has eight shops in the city and three in the Tailor galli itself. \"Stitching uniforms for the cops still remains the biggest jobs that we get,\" he informs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318720", "title": "Vice-chancellor\u2019s wife can be professor in Panjab University: Syndicate", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amidst heated deliberations and arguments that continued till late Saturday night during syndicate meeting, the appointment of Neera Grover, wife of new vice-chancellor, Arun Grover was sanctioned.The recommendation of the academic and administrative committee, department of music, regarding the appointment of Neera for a period of one year against a vacant post of professor, was approved by the House.The new VC abstained from the discussion since it was related to his spouse and GK Chatrath, being the senior-most syndic chaired the house during the tabling of this item.It was a day of crucial appointments for faculty positions in PU and its centres. These appointments had been on a hold for a long time.Further temporary appointments through walk-in interviews for 21 posts of Assistant Professors in the constituent colleges and regional centres were also approved.In a crucial move, the syndicate members approved recommendations of the panel constituted to review pro forma and lay down the norms for recognition of colleges as research centres with minor modifications to be referred back to concerned panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16317135", "title": "Don't lose sleep over insomnia", "text": "KOLKATA: They have counted sheep, popped sleeping pills, given up coffee and late-nights, but failed. They have slipped into a more regular lifestyle, tried yoga and meditation, changed their diet patterns and visited sleep clinics, but those have made a marginal difference. While the rest of the world sleeps, they stay wake, waiting patiently for their precious forty winks. Dozing off is a struggle they encounter every night. For many, even two to three hours of sound sleep is precious. Yet, they are up on time next morning, going about their work and daily chores with the same energy and intensity that drives the rest. Insomnia, for them, is just a minor irritant that they have learnt to get around and live with. Many, in fact, have turned it into an advantage, using the 'extra' time to work more.When Suvamit Mukherjee enrolled for an MBA course six years ago, he didn't foresee the stress that lay in store. Coupled with his business engagements, the youngster juggled with his schedule to find time to attend classes and study to clear the exams. It was an adventure for the first few weeks which Suvamit somewhat enjoyed. But then the pressure caught up with him. As he settled down to study after returning home from work, he could feel his nerves getting taut and his limbs stiffen. By the time he was done for the day, Suvamit would be too keyed up to sleep.\"Even after I shut my eyes, the lessons would pass through my mind. I would keep recollecting the day's events, no matter how much I tried to filter them out and fall asleep. Next day, I would obviously be too weary to focus either on my work or studies. I started feeling miserable and contemplated giving up my MBA. But then, I was keen on completing the course, so I didn't want to let it all go either,\" he said.After trying various methods, including black magic, Suvamit had a chance meeting with sleep instructor Chitta Samanta. When he met Samanta, Suvamit was thoroughly depressed, confused and extremely ill, he recalled. \"I was on the verge of a breakdown. But then I discovered that it was just an ailment that could be treated like any other. Samanta made do a few asanas for a couple of days. I felt better. Then, he asked me to join his yoga class which I did, for I was desperate to get some sleep. On the first day itself, I was put through a series of yoga exercises, including shabasana, and I almost dozed off. It restored my confidence and made me believe that I could handle this,\" he said.Within a fortnight, the young entrepreneur was sleeping around three hours at night, a big improvement on the 45 minutes that he would eke out with great difficulty. \"I still felt groggy, but I knew I would get better. More importantly, I realized that I had to get on with my life and I could,\" he said. The 32-year-old now works 10 hours a day and sleeps around four. He doesn't feel sleepy or ill, he says. \"I can work even harder and I will.\"For Tapati Samanta, it was double whammy. When she was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2003, the world around her seemed to crumble. Chemotherapy sessions and medicines left the homemaker weak and edgy. She cut herself off from her family and would brood for hours. Her family wanted her to visit a counsellor, but she refused. Gradually, she started losing sleep.\"Initially, I would worry about my treatment and be scared of chemotherapy. I would stay awake for hours on the night before I had to go for radiation. Soon, my sleeping hours shrunk to less than two. Then, I couldn't sleep at all. All night, I would keep tossing and turning in bed. I would get up feeling tired and weak. I felt I would die without sleep,\" she recalled.Gathering all her mental and physical strength, Samanta decided to give it one last shot. \"I went to the counsellor who advised me to take it easy and forget that I had insomnia. He said I shouldn't think about sleep at all when I went to bed, just relax. It worked,\" says Samanta.She followed it up with yoga and meditation. The yoga teacher taught me an exercise to relax my body muscles. It worked like magic,\" she added.Soon, Samanta was sleeping four hours at night. She would read books, listen to music and write her diary till 2 am. It made her feel better. \"Often, I would switch on the TV and watch an old movie. I felt refreshed and the anxiety of whether I would be able to sleep was gone. Once I accepted that I would have to do with whatever sleep I got, things were easier. Unlike before, I felt fit and raring to go the next morning,\" she said. Samanta not only survived cancer, she now teaches yoga to insomnia patients.Bappaditya Ghosh, a 25-year-old accountant, couldn't do without eight hours of sleep. That was till he had to work late to prepare year-end accounts last March. \"I had to work till midnight in office. On returning home, I couldn't sleep. Initially, I thought it would be all right once I returned to my normal schedule. But it didn't happen,\" he recalled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318281", "title": "Jaripatka society getting impure water for 20 days", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of Sindhu Nagar Society in Jaripatka are living under constant fear of outbreak of waterborne diseases. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation is apparently supplying contaminated water - it is orange in colour - to the society for over three weeks now.The residents alleged that the NMC has been supplying contaminated water to the society since last 20 days. Complaints in this regard have fallen on deaf ears, they said.Since there has been a rise in ailments, some residents are forced to buy packaged drinking water, while many are using water from the bore well. They want NMC to check the water quality. \"But the authorities are not serious,\" said one of the residents. \"Perhaps, they would act only if the situation turns worse,\" said some residents.Many residents are suffering from stomach ailments. Pradip Dhankani, a resident, claimed that two members of his family were bedridden due to diarrhoea and the doctor has advised them to use boiled water.\"Yesterday, we received muddy water which had stinking smell,\" said another resident Dr Raj Bhojwani. A gynecologist by profession, Dr Bhojwani also showed a glass of water collected from a tap which was orange in colour and had a foul smell.Many families in the society are forced to depend on other sources for drinking water.\"Majority of the residents are either drinking this contaminated water or buying packaged drinking water,\" said Society president Kamal Khubchandani.Khubchandani claimed that though it is a posh locality and residents pay huge property tax, it is a shame that they are not getting potable drinking water.A homemaker said on condition of anonymity that they met the local corporator Suresh Jagyasi recently who advised them to boil water before using it. \"Since cooking gas and kerosene is expensive, we can't afford to boil water all the time. We also cannot spend money on buying packaged drinking water. I fell sick due to a stomach ailment 10 days ago,\" she said.The problem started after the NMC took up some developmental works on a stretch of road near the Society. Though NMC did some repair works after receiving complaints from residents and others, it has not improved the situation.If effective steps are not taken immediately, people fear outbreak of water-borne diseases.A doctor from the locality said that drinking contaminated water can cause gastroenteritis, diarrhoea, viral hepatitis, general infections and other diseases among the residents.When contacted, spokesperson of Orange City Water Limited assured to solve the problem at the earliest. \"The problem must be due to leakage of water pipeline near a sewage line,\" the official added.Despite repeated attempts, Suresh Jagyasi could not be contacted for his comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16324183", "title": "Pune Cycle Prathisthan urges educational institutes to promote use of bicycles", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Cycle Prathisthan, which has been spreading awareness about use of cycles for commuting in the city, has urged educational institutes to provide free parking lots for bicycles in their schools and colleges.Complimenting the management of Fergusson College for taking an initiative and encouraging use of bicycles by providing convenient locations for free parking of bicycles used by students, the Prathisthan said that this initiative should be implemented in all educational institutes.Founder members of the Prathisthan, Dilip Sarda and Jugal Rathi said that principal of S P College too has shown keen interest and promised to implement free bicycle parking facility in the college very soon.Encouraging use of bicycles is a win-win situation for students. It promotes better health for students. For parents, the expenses on travel are reduced. It is eco- friendly youth development activity. This is beneficial for city and society. There will be less pollution. Fuel will be saved and so also foreign exchange'', Sarda and Rathi said in a statement.The Prathisthan urged that Pune Municipal Corporation should recognise the schools and colleges which provide free parking facility for bicycles and provide support to these educational institutions.Sarda said that the educational institutions may also consider giving some concession in fees for the students who commute by bicycles to schools and colleges. Similarly, the educational institutes should discourage the use of private two wheelers and four wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16320558", "title": "Kaun Banega Crorepati 6's 1 cr winner wants to rebuild house in Kashmir", "text": "For Railway employee Manoj Kumar Raina, who is the first contestant to have won Rs one crore in the sixth season of 'Kaun Banega Crorepati', meeting megastar Amitabh Bachchan was his ultimate dream and says he would utilise this sum to build his house in native Kashmir.\"I am very happy to have won this huge amount but it was never my aim or dream when I participated in KBC, \" Raina, who is also the first contestant from Jammu and Kashmir , to get to the hot seat on the game show, told PTI.He seemed very confident from the very beginning when he aced the Fastest Finger First round in just 5.6 seconds.\"Since the inception of KBC in 2000, I have been trying to come on the show. But it is all in destiny, I happened to come here this season and won Rs one crore. Through all these years, I kept myself updated with everything happening in India and around the world. I truly believe knowledge can help you reach the top,\" he said.The 48-year-old, who works as an assistant with the Indian Railways, is an ardent fan of Big B. \"I am very big fan of Amitji, when he is happy I am smiling, when he is sad, I cry. He is a legend. My only intention was to meet Amitji and I felt that was possible only through KBC, \" he said.\"When I met him I found him very humble. He is very loving and affectionate. I will never ever forget the moment when I met him, shook hands with him and hugged him after I won,\" he added.Raina lives in Jammu with his parents, wife and a 10-year-old son, who accompanied him to the sets of KBC.On the state of affairs in Kashmir, he said, \"In 1988, everything began going downhill. Everything was burnt down by militants and nothing was left.\"\"During militancy, my house in Kashmir Valley was destroyed. We were forced to leave the place. Since then I have been living in Jammu. With Rs one crore, I would like to build a house there and also I want to help under-privileged people in the area who are not receiving any help from any one. I would do help in whatever little way I can,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16321343", "title": "New train between Surat and Varanasi", "text": "SURAT: A new train from Udhna railway station of Surat to Varanasi will be launched on Monday. The train will prove beneficial for a large number of migrants living in south Gujarat region.The train has second, three tier air conditioned coaches, sleeper coaches and general coaches. The new train was demanded by migrants in the city since long. A large number of migrants work in south Gujarat region who belong to Uttar Pradesh and Bihar and the train will benefit them.The train will be launched in presence of Bharatsinh Solanki, union minister of state for railways on Monday at Udhna railway station. The train will be shown green flag by the minister from Udhna railway station. A launch function will be organised at Udhna railway station on inauguration of the new train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "16317183", "title": "Six Myanmarese held without papers", "text": "KHARAGPUR: Six Myanmarese nationals, including three minors, were arrested from Kharagpur station on Friday night and charged under the Foreigners act. \"They are all residents of Monda village on the Myanmar-Bangladesh border. They fled from there about 10 days ago after their homes were set ablaze during riots in the area. They sneaked into India four days back and have been booked under the Foreigners Act,\" said police.The six include 40-year-old Md Salam, his daughter Md Samira Begum and10-year-old son Md Israil. Md Ismail and his wife Majuma Begum (16) and one Md Ibrahim were also nabbed.On reaching Kolkata, the immigrants decided to set out for Hyderabad. Unaware of which train to board, they took a Howrah-Kharagpur local. On getting off at Kharagpur, they started making inquiries about trains to Hyderabad. Seeing them loitering aimlessly on the platform made the and were loitering on Platform No. 5RPF personnel at the station became suspicious about them who asked them to show their papers. When they could not produce valid papers, they were taken into custody.While Salam, Ismail and Ibrahim were produced in the Midnapore chief judicial magistrate's court and remanded in judicial custody, the minors were produced in the juvenile court and remanded for a similar tenure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16323119", "title": "I'm confident about myself now: Varun Kapoor", "text": "It is every actor's dream to essay different roles each time they appear on screen and givesomething new to their fans. Similar is the case with TV actor Varun Kapoor, who also thinks that the small screen is changing for good.Currently mesmerizing his fans (which includes a lot of girls!) as Kabir in the youth show Humse Hai Life on Channel V, Amdavadi boy Varun talks about the nuances of acting and how he would love to experiment.TV shows now have their share of fight sequences, singing, dancing and all other elements that people see on the big screen. Varun says, \"The fight sequence that I had was shot in just one and a half hour. Then we also had a song sequence recently on the Bollywood number - Kabhi Kabhi Aditi . Such sequences offers a good variety to viewers and as an actor/director, it holds you on to the story.\"About growing as an actor, Varun says, \"I'm confident about myself now. If in any role I have to do something that I don't know, I will learn it and come back. Like recently in Humse Hai Life we had a waterpark sequence where Kabir has to save Sia. I don't know swimming. But I took some time, learnt it and then shot the scene. I didn't turn pro but I managed to do the scene nicely.\" He adds, \"\"It's easy to portray the kind of person you are. But if someone offers me something very different - like action or a negative character, i would love it. For somebody to have the vision is the biggest thing. I'm waiting for that person.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16317174", "title": "Three days to mega event, Kochi struggles to look good", "text": "KOCHI: The city might find it tough to play host to global investors who would be flocking to Kochi to attend the Emerging Kerala Summit. With the event just three days away, authorities are struggling to complete the beautification work even as roads, footpaths and drainages in city's key roads remain unattended. Garbage dumped in plastic bags on pocket roads continue to be an eyesore.Though the Kochi Corporation has started a cleaning drive, both trade bodies and the public feel that merely sporting a clean and green look for the mega event is not enough. According to K N Marzook, chairman, Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry, despite the government announcing the event well in advance, little effort has been taken to ready the city for the event. \"If enough homework was done, the preparations could have been completed by now. Now it is only possible to remove garbage from roadsides and clean some areas,\" he said. He said that since the event is going to be held at a venue at Kundanoor, authorities would have been under the impression that only the bypass stretch needed beautification. But since the delegates are staying in hotels in the heart of the city, they would not miss the ugly scenes. But Marzook added that it will not have any impact on investors who are attending the event as they are well aware of the poor infrastructure of the state.The corporation officials too admit that their focus of beautification is areas which would see VIP movement. So the Edappally-Kundannoor bypass, Park Avenue, Fine Arts Avenue, Shanmugham Road, and Kundannoor-Thevara road are being cleaned up.K J Sohan, chairman, town planning committee, said a committee led by mayor was constituted to monitor works. \"We started cleaning works to ensure clean roads. Roads on the main areas are also being repaired. But there is no time to improve the condition of footpaths,\" he said.Interestingly, MG Road, the busiest area in the city has been left out from the cleaning drive, and so is the Palarivattom-Kaloor stretch. Though the pocket roads would see increased vehicle movement during these three days, they have totally been neglected.Even the potholes on the Pulleppady Bridge, the alternative route used by two and three wheelers which are not allowed to use North railway overbridge during daytime, are yet to be repaired. K J Jacob, opposition councilor, said no steps were taken for relaying damaged roads in the city for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16320966", "title": "Scientists decode Cheetah's sprint technique", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have discovered that the cheetah, known to accelerate to record-breaking speeds, gets its special propulsion power from its hindlimb muscles.Japanese researchers have mapped the distribution of muscle fibre across the whole of the cheetah's body for the first time and discovered that a sprinting cheetah is like \"a rear-wheel-drive car\".By comparing the muscles of the world's fastest land mammal with those of a domestic cat and dog, the team identified the propulsion power of its hindlimb muscles, the BBC Nature reported.The findings are published in the journal Mammalian Biology.Different types of muscle fibre are suited to different activities, Dr Naomi Wada, the study's co-author and professor in system physiology at Yamaguchi University in Japan, said.In all the animals studied, so-called Type I fibres produced a small force output but were resistant to fatigue, making them best suited to maintaining posture and slow walking.Type IIa fibre performance was best suited to fast walking and trotting whereas Type IIx or \"fast\" fibres created a high force output but had low endurance and were key to fast running or galloping.\"The forelimb muscles in the cheetah included [the] most Type I muscle fibres of all three animals... while the muscle of hind limb muscles have many Type IIx fibres,\" Wada said.\"The functional difference between forelimb and hindlimb is the most remarkable in the cheetah,\" Wada was quoted as saying by the BBC.The team's results suggested that the power comes from the cheetah's hind legs, in the same way as a rear wheel-drive car, according to Wada.The digits of the cheetah's hindlimbs contained no fast fibres, but the digits on the front legs contained many of them.This is because the cheetah controls its balance by using its forefeet to turn and slow down, Wada said.With long, flexible limbs, a sprinting cheetah spends more than half its time airborne.In order to maximise this effect, it arches and contracts its spine, and Wada and colleagues found muscle fibres that supported this technique.The cat had a high percentage of fast fibres running along its back and middle, suggesting that it could produce a quick, strong extension of the backbone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318275", "title": "Less quantity of bitumen peeled off Mangalwari Mangalwari road overbridge?", "text": "NAGPUR: Road experts have said that the prime reason for the Mangalwari road overbridge top surface wearing off is that less than the specified quantity of bitumen was used while constructing it.Civil engineer Satyawan Bhojwani, who is having over 50 years of experience in the field of road construction, and Jan Akrosh secretary Ravindra Kaskhedikar visited the ROB on Saturday and tried to find out the reason for damage to the approach ramp.After inspecting the ROB, Bhojwani came to the conclusion that the approach ramps of ROB started peeling off due to less use of tact coat used to keep the bitumen intact. \"It also seems that the construction company failed to control the temperature of bitumen,\" Bhojwani said.What's worse, new roads are not being built to withstand the monsoon's force.TOI first reported how the Rs20 crore Mangalwari ROB, overseen by Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC), started peeling off bitumen just before it was opened for public. PWD minister Jaidatt Kshirsagar immediately ordered an inquiry. However, the contractor, Nagarjuna Construction Company, was asked to repair the damage.Bhojwani said the situation could have been averted if the site engineer of the contractor and MSRDC engineer monitored the ROB's construction.\"Now the contractor concerned should undertake the recarpet work when it's dry, the senior civil engineer said, adding the period after October will be the best time to carry out the work.Meanwhile, Jan Akrosh will submit a memorandum to MSRDC superintending engineer Jeevan Nikose over the shoddy Mangalwari ROB construction work. \"In fact, the construction of ROB is anomaly and it should not be tolerated as it is being constructed from public money,\" said Kaskhedikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16332530", "title": "JBA opposes state govt domicile panel", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand Bachao Andolan (JBA) showed their disapproval towards the committee formed by the state government for formulating the domicile policy.The committee consists of three members deputy chief ministers Sudesh Mahto, Hemant Soren and minister Baidyanath Ram who have recently declared that they will go through the domicile policy of other states and draft a policy for Jharkhand.Disapproving the government's bid, JBA chairperson Salkhan Murmu said, \"Jharkhand is different from other states. It is a mineral-rich state and so outsiders have come and settled years for more than 100 years to exploit the resources. So if the policy of Jharkhand is made by following the domicile policies of other states, the original settlers would suffer.\"A meeting of the JBA on Friday decided that there should be four grounds to decide if the person is a domicile or not. Murmu said, \"People who follow Jharkhand language and culture should be given 40 marks, those coming under the Jharkhand caste list, should be given 30 marks, those whose predecessors have their names in the Census of 1952 should be given 20 marks and those having property here should be given 10 marks.\"Murmu said the domicile policy was needed in Jharkhand immediately. \"The educated youths of Jharkhand are frustrated as they are not getting jobs here and people from outside are coming and occupying even the Grade III and IV jobs. The appointment of +2 teachers is a recent example in which most of the posts were occupied by people from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh,\" he said.If the policy can not be implemented soon, an alternative should at least be thought about. Murmu said, \"The posts should be divided according to the people in different blocks and the applications should accepted only from them. This way only the original residents of Jharkhand would get jobs.\"Member of JBA and a social activist, Stan Swamy, who was present at the press briefing said, \"We are speaking about this now because if the policy is made it will be too late to intervene. What we are saying is not the end; we will keep adding more points to the domicile policy draft so that the people of Jharkhand get more benefits.\"A discussion will be held by JBA on September 16 at Xavier's Institute of Social Services to discuss the domicile policy in detail.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318383", "title": "Postal employees to stage protest", "text": "NAGPUR: The members of the National Union of Postal Employees (NUPE), Maharashtra and Goa Circle, have decided to stage a protest in front of the chief post master general in Mumbai on Monday to highlight many issues plaguing the department.For over a year the members of the union have been submitting memorandums of their demands to the authorities but to no avail. The union claims that there have been no recruitments from 2005. \"The infrastructure too is crumbling. I know of post offices in Nagpur where the ceilings are can fall down on people and where plastic sheets are used as a prevention against leaking roofs during monsoons,\" said RG Khandale, the regional secretary of NUPE.He also said that the employees were forced to open recurring deposits accounts with their post offices. \"Many are also made to take postal life insurances and also act as agents and bring more insurances, failing which they are threatened,\" he said.Other irregularities they pointed out were the suspension of railway mail services (RMS) on various routes along with slow phasing out of red postal vans by giving tenders to private players which delayed the services and gave opportunity for corruption.\"The customer cannot see the problems we are facing and we have face their wrath,\" said Arvind Burse, a postman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16317290", "title": "Safe transport remains a tough task", "text": "KOCHI: Making it mandatory for vehicles carrying hazardous goods to have two drivers would be a tough task, as it is not included in the agreement with the transporters, the oil companies' representatives informed.This clause can be included in the agreement only after the current one expires. \"The agreement would expire after three months. So, we cannot insist that there should be two drivers in every vehicle,\" said Ernakulam RTO B J Antony.\"However, having a single person driving the vehicle is one of the main reasons for accidents. In the neighbouring states, the hazardous goods vehicles are allowed only during day time while it is the opposite in Kerala. So, the same person who covers other states during the day has to drive during night in Kerala,\" he said.The motor vehicles department has asked oil companies to study and submit within 15 days a feasibilty report on installing GPS in vehicles transporting petroleum products.The motor vehicles department has asked oil companies to study and submit within 15 days a feasibilty report on installing GPS in vehicles transporting petroleum products, based on which a software will be developed Tanker lobby under police watchKANNUR: The crime branch will investigate the role of a Namakkal, Tamil Nadu-based lobby in the August 27 LPG tanker blast in Chala, which killed 19 persons, an investigating officer said on Saturday.The LPG tanker lobby often resort to foul plays, including faking documents, to save money and time which result in such mishaps, he added.The investigating agency is studying the initial probe conducted by the local police. DSP K V Santhosh will be the investigating officer of the case while SP Neeraj Kumar Gupta will supervise the investigation, said crime branch IG B Sandhya after visiting Chala.\"In this stage, we will not be able to say whether we will name the Indian Oil Corporation or the Public Works Department as the accused. That will be decided in due course of the investigation,\" the IG said. The crime branch team visited the mishap site and interviewed some of the victims. They also recorded the statements of R V Rajagopalan, a milk-booth owner in Chala, who witnessed the tanker overturning after hitting the divider. Kannur district police officials also accompanied them. Preliminary probe has revealed that though the tanker driver Kannayyan had claimed that the mishap occurred when a lorry carrying fish tried to overtake his vehicle, no one had seen such a lorry passing by at the time of the mishap.In a related development, Chala residents blocked IOC's LPG tankers late in the evening, alleging that the vehicles were not adhering to safety norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16326895", "title": "College principal commits suicide in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal of a college at Chikadpally here allegedly committed suicide by jumping into the Hussain Sagar lake, police said on Sunday.The body of P Ravi (47), a resident of Tarnaka, was found floating near Annexe Club this morning, they said.According to preliminary probe, Ravi, principal of Auoura College, had got down from an auto-rickshaw near Necklace Road on Friday and asked the auto-driver to hand over his valuables to his family members, they said.As Ravi did not return to his house that day, his family members had lodged a \"missing\" complaint with the Police.No suicide note was recovered, police sources said, adding further investigations were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16332957", "title": "DAV IET Jalandhar wins a Gyan Manthana", "text": "LUDHIANA: The team from DAV Institute of Engineering and Technology Jalandhar won an inter-college quiz \"Gyan Manthana\" organized by the University Business School, by defeating teams from 13 other colleges of the state, on Saturday.Following the DAV IET Jalandhar team were KCW, Ludhiana and DAV College, Jalandhar at first and second runners up positions, respectively.Chairman of Quest Group Of Colleges S Davinder Singh Sekhon was the chief guest at the event while executive director of Ludhiana Stock Exchange Pooja Kohli was the guest of honour for the inaugural session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16333175", "title": "Dreams of better life made them take risk", "text": "MANGALORE: Abject living conditions, lack of respect for human dignity and talent merely because he is a Sri Lankan Tamilian refugee drove Subash Karan, 23, an MBA student in the University of Madras, to risk a journey to Australia in a boat not certified for its sea worthiness. Subash was one among 84 Sri Lankan Tamilian refugees rescued by the city police in an overnight operation before they could embark on this hazardous journey. Subash, who fled from Sri Lanka 22 years ago with his siblings and parents, is so disillusioned with his lot that he felt it better to risk his life for an Australian citizenship. Information gleaned off the Internet that said Australia had increased its quota for accepting refugees into that country from 13,750 each year to 20,000 pushed Subash and many like him to undertake the journey.The groups have been in touch with some of the 13,500-odd Sri Lankan Tamilian refugees already settled in Australia through e-mail and social networking sites.\"We have seen how they are faring compared to the hardships we face in the 117 refugee camps dotting Tamil Nadu and home to around 80,000 of us,\" he says. All that their qualification earns people like Subash is menial jobs of head loaders and painters that pay very little. Having pooled nearly Rs 1 lakh from friends and family to pay the agents who promised him with a better life in Australia, Subash said: \"If I do not get back the money (that I paid to the agents), there is no point in going back (to the refugee camp) and I might have to commit suicide.\" Subash, one among 3,000-odd refugees in Gummidipoondi refugee camp in Tamil Nadu, had reached this coastal city three days ago with his friends.Admitting that he knew entering Australia in this manner was illegal, Subash said he had no other choice. \"Our only plea to the Tamil Nadu government is to treat us like human beings and provide us with better facilities rather than force us to illegally migrate to another country,\" Subash said, adding that there are many more educated Sri Lankan Tamilian refugees who aspire for a better life and are willing to undertake similar journey across the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16332335", "title": "PSI suspended for raid botch up", "text": "VADODARA: A police sub-inspector (PSI), who had raided a house in Gotri after allegations that a liquor party was being held there, was suspended by the city police. The PSI had allegedly conducted several procedural lapses and violated rules during the raid.PSI M D Vankar had raided an apartment along with his staff after the city police control room received information regarding a liquor party there late on September 1.Seven people, including three young men and four young women, were arrested from the apartment and a stock of liquor was seized.However, supervisory officers in the city police noted a series of lapses in the way the case was handled by Vankar. While Vankar should have kept a woman police constable with him, it came to light that he had not done so. Vankar did not call one even when he came to know that there were four women amongst the accused.The case made by Vankar alleged that while liquor was found in the apartment, none of the persons was drunk. Officials said if this was true, there was no need to make seven people accused in the case. Only the person, who was living in the apartment, should have been booked.\"The others could have been merely guests and may have no connection with the liquor found at the apartment,\" police commissioner Satish Sharma said.He said the mouths of the accused were not stinking of liquor.Another major lapse that has come to light is that the accused were not taken for a medical test. Also, the women were taken to the police station in the night and put in a lockup. There are specific guidelines that state that women cannot be kept in police station lockups in the night unless the charges are very serious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16332766", "title": "BRTS construction-hit? Get ready for free ride", "text": "INDORE: People facing inconvenience since last six years due to the on-going construction work of 11.5km pilot Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) between Neeranjanpur and Rajiv Gandhi Crossing, have a reason to smile: They will be offered free ride for a month on the air-conditioned BRTS buses during the trial-run from November to December.Collector Aakash Tripathi said that the trial run is expected to start from November and will continue for a month. During the month, the authorities will identify shortcomings and loopholes in the system and if any found, they will be fixed immediately. The commuters will be charged fare from January onwards.Tripathi said that viability of the BRTS will depend on the number of people who use the service. \"It will be viable only when around 80,000 people use the service per day.It may take two years after the launch to make BRTS self sufficient,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16317227", "title": "Cops raid Orchid Infra office", "text": "GURGAON: A city police crime branch team on Saturday conducted a raid on the office of a builder, Orchid Infrastructure, in Gurgaon as part of its investigation into the alleged suicide of a contractor that took place on Tuesday.The commissioner of police, K K Sindhu, had handed over the investigation in the case of abetment to suicide to the crime branch on Friday. On Saturday morning a crime branch team led by Inspector Rajbeer Singh conducted the raid at the office of Orchid Infrastructure Developers Pvt Ltd in Gurgaon.The team was also searching for evidence against the accused in the office. Police also sought to get a clue from the Orcid staff members on the whereabouts of the absconding builder, Rajiv Gupta, an accused. A source said the crime branch team seized some documents such as bank statements and ledger of the construction firm, whose owner, Ashok Shekhawat, had committed suicide.Meanwhile, police also conducted raids on the offices of the other accused builders but they were also at large. In the FIR police had specifically named the builders who had defaulted on a payments running into crores to Shekhawat and had been threatening him.A source in the crime branch said that following the procedures all the documentary evidence had been collected from the victim's family.Later in the day, over 200 people, including the victim's relatives, friends and workers, again held a protest outside the office of Orchid Infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16317125", "title": "Murder clues lie in cable biz: Cops", "text": "KOLKATA: The murky cable television business could be behind gruesome murders of the mother-son duo and their domestic helps in Behala. Throats of all four persons were found slit in the two-storied house situated in a congested locality.Till Friday, police were pursuing two probable motives: greed and revenge. The first was related to a plot that victim Gouri Bhattacharya had refused to sell to her nephew Ashok. However, the cops on Saturday became convinced that Ashok had no role behind the murders. Police are now zeroing in on Minati Biswas, the domestic help who was accused of theft and sacked by Bhattacharya after the death of her elder son Swapan.Sleuths are also investigating a third motive: business rivalry or gain. And they have reasons to believe that clues to the murders lie in the family's cable network business. During interrogation, police also found that the wife of one of the employees had accompanied Gouri and Deepak during their South India trip for the latter's surgery. Gouri had engaged her as an attendant as she was trained in nursing. The employee reportedly did not consent to his wife's trip.It was Gouri's elder son Swapan alias Biplab who had forayed into the cable business that began to generate an income in excess of Rs 2 lakh per month. Following Swapan's death from stroke in 2005, Gouri began to oversee the business along with her younger son Deepak.Probe revealed that Deepak, who had undergone treatment in a mental asylum and also underwent a surgery, was not involved in day-to-day business operations. He stayed at home and spent time with his books on literature. It was Gouri who used to go to the office regularly and keep track of the company's finances.However, Gouri had become increasingly dependant on a manager over the past few months. Two incidents forced the situation: she had to be out of Kolkata for Deepak's treatment for a long time and an accidental fall in which Gouri broke her rib cage restricted her movement.Sources said that the cable business provided connection to nearly 6,000 homes that generated a monthly turnover of Rs 10 lakh. Around 40-50% of the turnover was profit. For past few months, manager Ajit Senapati single-handedly dealt with all this cash.Investigators found that over the past few weeks, Gouri, who was on the recovery path, began checking the company's accounts at home. This led to frequent visits to the house by Senapati and 10 other employees of the cable firm. All of them were known to Gouri, Deepak and their helps Anima and Moyna. Investigators believe that Gouri had spotted some irregularities in the accounts, leading to arguments between her and the staff.Another information that police are probing is that Senapati had recently booked a flat in a complex off Diamond Harbour Road in Thakurpukur. Police are checking the source of funds that financed the purchase.Cops are now trying to piece together these nuggets of information to arrive at the motive. Investigation has already confirmed that all four were killed during the day, as all lights in the house were switched off. The autopsy report also corroborated it. Police are trying to find out why the assailants had ransacked a single almirah. \"If robbery was the motive, why were the other almirahs untouched?\" wondered an investigator. They were killed in the first week of the month when all the cable subscriptions come in. Police are now probing if Gouri used to keep all the cash in that almirah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16318402", "title": "No pay to varsity staff for 4 months", "text": "PATNA: More than 8,000 teachers and 30,000 non-teaching staff of different universities and colleges in Bihar are groaning under acute financial strain due to non-payment of their salaries for the last four months. The universities are unable to pay the salaries to their staff as the state government has not released salary grants to them.Taking strong exception to the inordinate delay in payment of salaries to the teachers as well as non-teaching staff, the Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Futab) has threatened to resort to direct action if the salaries are not released without any further delay. The university staff are virtually on the verge of starvation and facing immense difficulties in meeting their financial obligations due to non-payment of their salaries for such a long period. Even for the months of March, April and May, they were paid their salaries on an ad hoc basis, the federation said.Futab leaders K B Sinha, Sanjay Kumar Singh and Arun Kumar said the university staff celebrated Eid festival without salaries. And, if the present trend continues, they would be compelled to celebrate Durga Puja and Diwali festivals without salaries, they said.The Futab leaders wondered what prevented the state government from releasing salary grants to the universities on time. For disbursement of salary grants, the government cannot blame the chancellor as it has been doing in other administrative and academic matters. On the one hand, the government claims to have provided thousands of crores of rupees in the state budget for higher education and, on the other, it has been compelling the university staff to starve for want of funds. The university teachers would no longer be mute spectators to this \"apathy\" of the state government and would soon take to streets in support of their demands, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16323002", "title": "Another single in K-Town", "text": "Last week saw the launch of a most awaited single \u2014 Simbu's Love Panlama... from his long-in-the-making Podaa Podi. While that hip hop-influenced track has been getting major playtime on FM radio stations across the state, another new single is all set to hit the airwaves.The makers of Sillunu Oru Santhippu are planning to release a song from their film as a single on September 15. The film stars Vimal in the lead and has his Kalavani co-star Oviya and Dipa Shah (of Yuddham Sei fame) as the female leads.The single, titled Busse Bussee... is said to be a fun number that is sung during a Bus Day celebration and will reflect the mood of the travellers on that day. The team has shot the song in arterial roads of Chennai with a huge number of supporting dancers. The song has been sung by Hosanna... singer Vijay Prakash .Sillunu Oru Santhippu is said to be a romantic comedy and will see Vimal play a city-slicker once again after his botched attempt in Ishtam . The film is directed by Ravilallin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16325063", "title": "Samsung-blogger row lays bare a murky world", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is a trip Clinton Jeff will never forget. At least that is what Jeff, a prominent Indian technology blogger, has said on Twitter. Covering IFA, the consumer electronics trade show, in Berlin, at the invitation of Samsung in the last week of August, the blogger found himself \"stranded\" after the Korean company \"cancelled\" his ticket to India when he refused to wear Samsung-branded clothes and take part in the company's marketing and promotional campaign.Samsung has denied the allegations and claimed that Jeff and one more blogger, who has not been named, misunderstood the role they were supposed to perform as members of Samsung's Mob!lers program , a web-centric campaign that aims at promoting the company's products. Samsung sources said Jeff was provided with a return trip for September 1 but he wanted to stay until September 6.\"The Samsung Mob!lers program is a voluntary community of active Samsung mobile device users, who are offered the opportunity to participate in our marketing events across the world. At these events, all activities they undertake are on a voluntary basis ... it is not intended for professional bloggers,\" Samsung said in a statement.Curiously, after the falling out between Jeff and Samsung, Nokia entered the scene and promised Jeff that it would sponsor his ticket back to India.The entire episode has exposed the murky side of technology blogging where PR departments of companies often work with bloggers to create a buzz around their products and services, and bloggers rarely disclose their relations with the companies while writing about these products and services.The timing of the fracas, first reported on technology blog The Next Web, could not have been worse for Samsung, which recently suffered a humiliating defeat in a patents-infringement lawsuit filed by Apple in a US court and was asked by the jury to pay Apple $1bn in damages.Jeff, who was part of Samsung's Mob!lers program, was approached by the Korean company recently and told that he could attend IFA in Berlin at the company's expense. According to emails made public by Amit Bhawani , who was also part of the Mob!lers program, the people attending IFA at Samsung's expense were given two options: they could attend it as \"reporters\" or as \"promoters\".Details released by Bhawani show that reporters, who had to wear Samsung-branded clothes and attend the Samsung event, were supposed to come back on September 1. Promoters not only had to wear the Samsung clothes but were also supposed to show Samsung products to visitors at the company's booth. They were scheduled to stay in Berlin until September 6 and were promised daily allowance.Samsung sources said that Jeff and the other blogger had told Samsung that they would like to go as reporters. But the confirmation emails for the trip they received from the company listed them as promoters. Jeff raised the matter with Samsung officials but was told there was little difference and it would not be an issue.However, once they reached Berlin the role of \"promoter\" became clear to Jeff and the other blogger. They refused to be part of Samsung's promotion campaign.\"We got a call from Samsung India saying 'You can either be a part of this and wear the uniform, or you'll have to get your own tickets back home and handle your hotel stay from the moment this call ends,\" Jeff told The Next Web. \"A few minutes later, we got a call from the Samsung India guy who said that our flights on the 6th have been cancelled, and that they're bringing us back on the 1st instead. But this is only if, and only if, we agreed to wear at least the Samsung branded shirt at the unpacked event, and not blog about any of this incident.\" According to Jeff, Samsung warned, \"None of this should leave Berlin. Or Reach India.\"Even as Samsung and Jeff were trying to sort out the matter between themselves, Nokia stepped in. Jeff tweeted on September 3 , \"For everyone asking, I'm fine thanks! I have a hotel, I have tickets home, thanks to @Nokia who swooped in and helped me @ the last minute.\"A blogger told TOI on the condition of anonymity that it was not only about Nokia's kindness. \"Jeff is very close to Nokia and in the past has even featured in promo videos made by the Finnish company for its products,\" he said.When contacted by TOI, Nokia clarified that helping Jeff was an obvious choice. \"We were approached by a member of staff in Berlin who had been friended by Clinton online. Clinton was in a difficult situation and needed to get home, so the decision to help was an easy one to make,\" said a Nokia spokesperson. \"Nokia's policy is to support key mobile tech bloggers so they can remain up to date on all the latest news and announcements. Nokia makes it absolutely clear that it expects no favorable coverage - or, indeed, any coverage - in return.\"Samsung apologizes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318668", "title": "Ludhiana youth dies, another hurt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Known for its wide roads, Chandigarh has been witnessing hit-and-run cases unabated for the past some time. On late Friday night, a 22-year-old Ludhiana resident lost his life due to head injury in Sector 26, while the pillion rider sustained serious injuries.However, it could not be ascertained how the accident took place as police could not find any eye-witness in this case. The youths have been identified as Jaskaran Singh, who was riding Bullet with his friend Amarinder Singh, 22, also from Ludhiana, riding pillion. \"Jaskaran's family has taken possession of the body. Our probe is on, but we haven't made any headway as of now as there was no eyewitness to it. The pillion rider, Amarinder, has suffered serious injuries and is lying unconscious at PGIMER,\" said assistant sub-inspector Dalip Singh.In the last one-month, four hit-and-run cases, where victims had lost their lives have been reported from different parts of the city. Besides, this year up to July 31, around 67 lives were lost in road accidents in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16316773", "title": "Rain gods keep Yuvraj waiting as first India-New Zealand T20 is called off", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Yuvraj Singh would have woken up on Saturday with butterflies in his stomach. He must have been feeling like a teenager before his first international game, all nervous and excited, itching to take the field, ready to tell the cricket world that he belongs.As the day wore on, Yuvi's excitement grew. The 30-year-old kept replying to pouring messages from across the world and tweeted that this would be \"his biggest day after the World Cup\". \"Few hours to go till I wear my fav jersey... For the cancer society! See you on the field... on the field,\" Yuvi wrote. All this while he kept his fingers crossed and kept looking at the sky, hoping desperately that rain would stay away.It was a warm afternoon but by the time the players entered the Dr YSR Reddy ACA-VDCA stadium in the evening, the clouds had invaded the sky. By 6 pm, it started pouring, ruining the evening for 27,800 fans who had braved the rain and made it to the stadium.In the end, the weather destroyed the stage Yuvraj so desperately wanted to perform on. After the first India-New Zealand T20 international was officially abandoned, Yuvraj shook off his disappointment and walked into the field for a lap of honour, acknowledging the support and prayers of the thousands of fans.\"Never thought I was going to come back and get a chance to play for India again. Kehte hain, dawa se badi dua hoti hai (they say prayer is mightier than medicine). I think that is the reason I am back,\" Yuvraj told the broadcasters later.\"My body has responded very well, I have worked at the NCA for three months, played a couple of games at the academy and am confident of doing well,\" he added.Also disappointed was Yuvi's Punjab teammate Harbhajan Singh , who was slated to make his comeback into the team after a long gap.The officials called off the match at 8.15 - an hour and 15 minutes after the scheduled start. The match could have started even at 10.15 for a five-overs-a-side game, but the ground had taken such a battering that it was impossible to get it back into shape.The focus now shifts to Chennai, where the final game will be played before the teams go to Sri Lanka for the World T20 which starts on September 18.For the record, this is the second wet outing for the New Zealand team at this venue. In 2003 too, their three day game against Board President's XI was badly hit. Play had then been possible only on the final day, with Akash Chopra hitting an unbeaten 103 and Yuvraj Singh staying unconquered on 80. Yuvraj would have remembered, and hoped quietly for an encore. Sadly, the rain had other plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318273", "title": "'School kids good eye donation messengers'", "text": "NAGPUR: Questions like 'Can you describe light?', 'What are colours?' and 'What does water look like?' welcomed one into the auditorium. School children, who had earlier spoken about the gift of sight and eye donation, were thoughtfully looking at the images beamed by the projector.The occasion was the conclusion of the eye donation fortnight at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) where mayor Anil Sole and standing committee chief Dayashankar Tiwari were special guests. Students from over 65 schools were present, too. During the fortnight, the hospital has been able to collect nine eyeballs and convince 5,000 persons to pledge to donate eyes.\"In eight months, we have been able to complete our annual target of 75 eye transplants. During the fortnight, we collected nine eyeballs. The number was eight last year and six the year before. There is a steep rise in the number of donations every passing year,\" said Dr A H Madan, head of the ophthalmology department of the hospital.He believes that their idea of using schoolchildren as messengers for eye donations has worked well. \"Not only do these youngsters help in spreading the message and explaining it to the elders in their families, but will also be able to be more helpful towards the cause due to the awareness,\" he added. The change has already started showing results as the hospital is getting more enquiries and pledges in the last few months.\"We are collecting at least 200 eyeballs annually, but this number is very low. Perhaps, more efforts are required to increase awareness about the benefits of eye donation,\" said Dr Vikas Mahatme of Mahatme Eye Bank. He says that the less number leads to a compromise on the quality of the organs transplanted. \"If there was more choice, this compromise would not happen,\" he said.Started in 1985, when the then PM Rajiv Gandhi pledged to donate his eyes on the occasion of his birthday, this is the 27th eye donation fortnightEVENTS AT GMCHPoster competition with kids from 67 schools opened for publicDrawing and essay writing competitionAwareness rally with students, nursing staff, participating childrenTraining for counsellors, nurses, mortuary staff and others about how to convince a family to donate eyes of the deceasedCamps in remote, rural areas, old age homes to spread awareness and assess the eye health of residentsFelicitation of relatives of donorsElocution competitionEVENTS AT LMHCME called CorneawarenessPainting competitions for school kids and slogan competitions for college studentsAwareness programmes at three schools at Hingna, Katol and SaonerDistribution of leaflets in Marathi in the hospital's OPDsSlogan competition for nursing staff, class III and class IV workers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16325881", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation to get additional powers for civic works", "text": "HYDERABAD: Soon big projects being taken up by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) will be completed without any delay. Sources in the GHMC said the state government has reportedly cleared the long pending proposal enhancing the Municipal Corporation powers to sanction works to Rs 5 crore. Amendment to the GHMC Act is likely to be placed before the assembly in the coming session..After the necessary amendments to the GHMC act, the standing committee can approve works or projects up to Rs 2 crore and GHMC general body (council) can clear projects up to Rs 5 crore. Works costing above Rs 5 crore would need to be sent for administrative sanction of the state government.As of now, the corporation can take up any work costing up to Rs 50 lakh with clearance from the standing committee and no need of state government's nod. But projects costing above Rs 50 lakh have to be cleared 'administrative sanction' by the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) and Finance department. Interestingly the funds for these projects would be borne by the municipal corporation.GHMC commissioner, as head of the institution, can sanction works up to Rs 20 lakh without sending it to the standing committee or state goernment.Officials said the clause of Rs 50 lakh cap on the works that are taken up by the corporation was incorporated 30 years ago and now it has become major hurdle for executing works on a warfooting basis as majority of the projects are more than Rs 50 lakh.As several projects were pending with the pending, the standing committee had passed a resolution in January this year enhancing the works cap. \"\"The rates of cement, steel and other material increased several times now compared to three decades ago. Except small road works, major works cost above Rs 50 lakh and the administrative sanction has become a major hurdle for executing works,\"\" a senior official of engineering wing said. Officials said the proposed amendment would help the corporation for speedy completion of the works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318098", "title": "Community upset over 'Muslim' ultras in mock drill", "text": "NAGPUR: A section of Muslim activists has expressed discontent over the portrayal of members of their community as terrorists during the anti-hijacking mock drill conducted at the Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport here on Thursday. Some Hindu activists too supported the protest, claiming that such portrayals led to reinforcing of stereotypes and that they projected the entire community in a negative light.Actors playing terrorists in the drill, that was conducted by city police and airport security agencies, wore skull caps and flowing kurtas, which is traditional attire generally associated with Muslim men.Commandos belonging to city police's Quick Response Team (QRT) and Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) had participated in the drill under the supervision of the anti-hijacking committee. In the drill scenario, the crack team was supposed to free an international aircraft from terrorists who had commandeered it.Several Muslim intellectuals and organizations expressed their dismay as the terrorists were portrayed as Muslim men. The organizations have also sent their grievances to the state home minister RR Patil.Activist Mohammed Hamid, president of Indian Muslim Association Noori, said, \"I do not understand why the actors wearing terrorists weren't wearing common clothes?\" He added that even Bodo militants, Naxals or Hindu radicals were seen as terrorists. \"Why turn away from the other aspects of terrorism?\" Hamid asked.Imam Qari Khaleeque Ahmed of Jama Masjid too took a dig at the security agencies. \"Whoever is harming the country should be labelled terrorists. But one should not insult the sentiments of Muslim community only,\" he said. The Imam also added that Islam is a religion of peace and harmony and it does not spread the message of violence, as is sometimes portrayed.Advocate and activist Tushar Mandlekar said that terrorism has no caste, colour, community or creed. \"India a secular democratic country and security agencies must practice restraint in such situations,\" he said.Thursday's drill had witnessed several lapses after a QRT jawan was armed with an outdated .303 rifle while rest of the troops had sophisticated firearms like AK-47 and MP5. Also, one of the city police's jeep was stopped in the middle of the drill by CISF jawans from entering the aerodrome. After the lapses were highlighted in TOI's September 8 edition, a senior official is learnt to have taken the QRT commandos to task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16318827", "title": "\u2018All Indian fishermen in Pak custody to be freed\u2019", "text": "ISLAMABAD: India and Pakistan on Saturday agreed to have a business visa that will facilitate visits to five places for up to four entries for businesspersons with income of Pakistani Rs 5 lakh and gross annual turnover of Rs 3 million. For businesspersons with Rs 50 lakh annual income and Rs 30 lakh annual turnover or gross sale, a one-year visa with visits to 10 destinations will be possible. Both categories are exempt from police reporting and the ceilings are in Pakistani currency. The business visa category is intended to push trade between the two countries with officials also working on facilitating financial services, including banking service.Besides, the breakthrough in the visa regime agreement, adviser to Pakistani interior ministry Rehman Malik announced that all Indian fishermen being held in Pakistani custody will be released as a gesture of goodwill. Later, Pakistani foreign minster Hina Rabbani Khar said this was being done at the instance of President Asif Ali Zardari. The decision is likely to benefit 270 Indian fishermen, who are in Pakistan's custody. Indian and Pakistani fishermen are frequently held for alleged violation of maritime borders.The ordinary visitor visa would be issued for a maximum of six months, with stay not to exceed three months at a time. The visa will be valid for five places for visitors to both countries, instead of three places. A longer two-year visa will be provided to persons over 65 years, spouses of nationals of either countriy and for children below 12 accompanying parents who avail of the \"spouse\" category.Ports of entry by air are Mumbai, Delhi and Chennai for India and Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad for Pakistan. By sea it will be Mumbai and Karachi, and Wagah, Attari, Khokhrapar and Munabao by land. Extension of visas is possible on a case by case basis, and change in mode of travel will be allowed. The memorandum also provides for a transit visa that is valid for 36 hours, which will help those who need to make connections at ports and airports in India and Pakistan.Timelines have also been drawn for considering visa applications that will mean the consulates and high commissions cannot sit on requests for travel papers. The diplomatic visa will be issued in a period not exceeding 30 days and will be valid for the place and duration of assignments. Visits to other destinations will need special permission.A second category has also been created that will be granted to dignitaries holding diplomatic passports. The non-diplomatic visas will be issued in 45 days of an application. The validity of an \"official visa\" though, will be curtailed from 30 to 15 days. The new \"pilgrim visa\" will be used to visit religious shrines in accordance to a 1974 protocol. Such visas will be restricted to 15 days. The visas will be issued for a single entry and applications are to be submitted 45 days in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16319115", "title": "Entrepreneur from MCC does Bangalore proud", "text": "She is 23 years old, and among 30 women to receive the Priyadarshini Award 2012 given to women entrepreneurs from around the world. Bangalorean Sonali Gaddam, who was shortlisted from among 800 women from over 50 countries, is the youngest to win the award this year.Her prize-winning idea is a resume service exclusively for college students which lands them dream jobs. She started VSpell Consultancy in April 2012, a year after she finished her graduation at Mount Carmel College. The consultancy helps students build up resumes, cover letters and profiles before they approach companies for jobs.Cur rently, Sonali has over 50 clients, mostly individuals she has known since college. She also has a team of 12 helping her out, mostly interns from Christ University and Mount Carmel College. \"Though I enjoyed my corporate experience, I realized I needed to do something on my own,\" she told STOI recalling her two-month internship at Goldman Sachs in the summer break in 2010.\"I'm happy with the way my idea is shaping up. I plan to take it forward by getting contracts - from top colleges in the city - to do their finalyear students' resumes. Once I manage to get enough contracts , I'll expand operations to other cities,\" she added.Sonali is no stranger to start-ups . She started Myriad while in college. The firm, initially backed by students and teachers of MCC, had five sub firms - each with a different product set like candle-making , chalk manufacturing , etc. \"We sold our products to different colleges, students and others. It was quite successful and MCC runs it even now,\" she said.\"I persuaded students to invest in the project by buying shares for Myriad. They got back dividends from profits we made,\" she added.Sonali hopes the Priyadarshini Award will help her get funds from investors and banks to increase her operations . \"I may also tie up with other companies if it's favourable,\" she said.Some earlier recipients of this award are Martha Thiller of Indonesia and Shahnaz Hussain of India. The award is given by Federation of Indian Women Entrepreneurs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16320971", "title": "It\u2019s my way or the highway says Salman Yusuff", "text": "He's young, dashing and a choreographer who is very much in demand! Salman Yusuff Khan is one of the most sought after choreographers in the TV industry today. He won Dance India Dance 1 and now, he's weaving his magic on Colors TV's Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 5. In conversation with Salman Yusuff Khan.How's it going on Jhalak So far? It's very stressful. The finale was supposed to be a while back but now it's got extended. It takes a lot of effort! Jhalak was offered to me while I was working on a movie for UTV productions.In the middle, the judges were not happy with your's and Isha's performances. What went wrong? I always give my best. But sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. It's like the movies. Not every film is a hit. Or else, everyone would be a Rajnikant. There can be only one Rajni sir!So what's your strategy to remain unbeatable on the Jhalak stage? I sit with Isha Sharvani and discuss. Our strategy is not to go the easy way. That's also my concept and my attitude towards the show.You and Isha are strong contenders to win this season of Jhalak. How does it feel to be everybody's favourite? Till you do well, people appreciate your work. Your work speaks for you and gives you that positive push. People on Twitter are tweeting about my performances. Recently, TV actor Ronit Roy also complimented me on Twitter. I guess that keeps me going.Who do you consider competition on the show? I never got into Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa to compete. My sole intention was to excel and improve and groom my self. With DID (Dance India Dance) I was a nobody who became a somebody. That was something. Nobody is competition for me. I only consider myself as competition. I don't have a benchmark. If I excel from yesterday to today, I'm very happy. Remo Sir is my mentor and I love Prabhudeva's work. I want to learn from him. He's so humble! When you feel I'm the best, then knowledge dies! You have to keep learning.In the past, you were linked up with Yana Gupta and now people talk about your chemistry with Isha. Is there any truth to that? Link-ups keep happening because people will always talk. But what's important is the professional relationship I share with my partner and the amount of hard work we put into our dance. I am not bothered about such stories.How is Isha as a dance partner? With Isha, I know I can push her. She completely surrenders. She has no attitude and I'm an extremely difficult person to work with. It's my way or the highway. If I don't get what I demand, I just say no. That's why I can showcase so much.So you're saying that you only work with good dancers? No. all I'm saying is that I can push capable people. I keep the person in mind and then think of the concept and choreography. If I know someone has the potential but they don't push themselves, I do that. You don't have to be a good dancer to work with me. I won't tell a non dancer to hang their feet behind their head for a performance. I trained with Yana Gupta for one week to understand her capabilities and her body's capacity to perform a dance.So what are the positives and negatives about Isha Sharvani as a dancer? Isha is extremely disciplined and dedicated and these qualities she gets form her mother, who is also her strength. I think nobody can do malkham the way Isha does. Her negative point is that she has a memory issue (laughs with Isha inquiring into the background). Isha doesn't remember steps. I tell her she has an 8 GB memory. There's no space for extra storage (laughs again).How will you rate Isha as a dancer? 9.5 because there is always room for improvement.An actor whose dance you like from Bollywood? Hritik Roshan. He's got the techniques and does the gestures to the tee.What about the new generation of actors? Whose dance do you like? None of them can really dance!What you put up in your performances is extremely tough. How do you keep re-inventing yourself as a dancer and choreographer? It's very tough because dance is a constant process. When international instructors come down to India, I go for all their work shops. YouTube is also a blessing in disguise. I learn my techniques form there.One song you wished you had choreographed? Hunter from the film Gangs of Wasseypur .One song whose choreography stands out in your memory? Prabhu sir's Main Aisa Kyun Hoon from the film Lakshya !How do you handle success? My prayers, meditation and fasting keep me grounded! If in a few months I can be somebody, then I also realize that in a few months I can go back to being a nobody. That thought makes me feel extremely humble.What next? Lot's more in store! I will keep going on till these feet work!Any films you are choreographing in the future? I can't talk about it at this point.When asked about Isha Sharvani's status on Jhalak, Salman refused to comment. Viewers will only have to wait and watch to see if this duo will come together on the Jhalak stage or if Isha will truly bid adieu to the show!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16317693", "title": "Fiasco at Guirim over national highway 17", "text": "MAPUSA: Public Works Department (PWD) and Goa Tillari Irrigation Development Corporation (GTIDC) are at loggerheads over the damage to the national highway 17 at Guirim.PWD has lodged a police complaint against the GTIDC for damaging the highway while laying their pipeline even as GTIDC blames it on PWD that despite handing over work to PWD after laying the pipeline, PWD has not undertaken repairs.Taking cognizance of the TOI report, 'Going from Panaji to Mapusa? Get set to damage your vehicle' assistant engineer, sub- div-II (NH) PWD, Mapusa, has written to the higher authorities that the cutting of the road by GTIDC for laying of pipeline carried out at the end of May, was without obtaining the permission of his office. Permission asked was refused being beginning of the monsoon and anticipating the trouble public had to face during rains, as resurfacing or asphalting is not possible during rains.Sources informed TOI that an estimated amount of 9,01,200 was to be deposited with the PWD before commencement of the work which has not been done due to technical difficulties.The portion of the national highway was severely damaged while laying the left bank of the main canal of the Tillari irrigation project at Guirim at the end of May.Despite the serious problem causing grave inconvenience to commuters and adding to traffic chaos, authorities are neglecting the repair work.The blame game between PWD and the GTIDC is delaying the repair. Taking the matter further, P V Rane, assistant engineer, sub- div-II (NH) PWD, Mapusa has complained to Mapusa police that prior to September 6, the accused contractor of GTIDC cut the national highway to lay pipeline and thereby damaged the government property and causing loss to the government to the tune of 10,71,550. Police has registered the offence under Prevention of Damages to Public Property Act 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16318467", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority begins bulldozing illegal constructions in Amanishah Nullah", "text": "JAIPUR: In compliance with the high court's recent order on Amanishah Nullah, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) swung into action on Saturday and demolished illegal constructions in the dry river's catchment area, including part of the Neerja Modi School which was issued a notice early this week.Joining in the anti-encroachment drive, the Jaipur discom officials cut electricity connections of nine illegal buildings in the nullah.The JDA enforcement team's bulldozers pulled down a part of the school's boundary walls, some rooms and a swimming pool that was identified as illegal construction in the nullah's catchment area.Another JDA team pulled down 11 illegally constructed rooms in the Gurjar Ki Thadi area near Shipra Path bridge over the riverbed.The JDA would continue its drive against illegal constructions by serving three-day notices to the persons who are illegally occupying the nullah bed. According to officials, the illegal occupants would have to pull down their constructions at their own costs within seven days of receiving the notices. If the directions were not followed, the JDA would demolish the constructions and the occupants would be charged for the work.Apart from demolishing the illegal parts, the state government would also withdraw electricity connections to these buildings. Following the directions of the state government, the discom discontinued electricity supply to nine non-residential buildings in the area on Saturday. The non-residential buildings that faced the axe included Grassfield Club Shyam Nagar, Era Construction Mansarovar, Pearl Vegas Badar Complex near Shyam Nagar, one Neelu Bansal, Sangeeta Birani 132 KV GSS Mansarovar, Kamal Prakash Pandey 132 KV GSS Mansarovar, Bhagwati Sharan Sokhiya Farms near Kapil Gyanpeeth Mansarovar and the Neerja Modi school, among others.The government has made an assessment of illegal buildings in a 9 km stretch of the 49 km nullah so far. As far as the centerline of the nullah is concerned, the government is following the Malaviya National Institute of Technology (MNIT) map prepared in 2010 to decide the width of the catchment area and identify the encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318690", "title": "Win made birthday sweeter", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For Satinder Singh Satti, winning Panjab University Campus Students' Council (PUCSC) elections was no cake walk. The victory day, which was followed by his birthday on Saturday, was the result of years of hard work. \"I along with my party members have worked hard in the last four years. During these years I built a rapport with students in the university,\" the newly-elected president said.What sweetened the pot for him was the number of votes he received, especially from the science departments. \"The turnout was excellent. I think it is for the first time that a president got 4,000 votes. Also I think that votes from the science departments made a lot of difference where I won by a margin of almost 500 votes,\" he said.Satti was also felt confident about the achievements of his party. \"SOPU members campaigned on the basis of our last year's achievements. And this year we are going to do the same. We will give a memorandum to the office wherein we will address issues like hostel problems that the girls face and increase in fees,\" he said.As the university will be closed for three days, proper celebrations will have to wait till Tuesday. Satinder, however, had friends congratulating him since morning. \"I cut a cake as it is also my birthday today. The victory has made it very special,\" he said, adding that proper celebrations would take place on Tuesday.While being student body president will consume a lot of Satti's time, who is a student of MSc Geology, he doesn't think that it would affect his studies, \"I can always study in the library at night. I have been managing pretty well for the last four years. I have not had to reappear even once till now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16322900", "title": "Eega to release on October 12 in Hindi", "text": "It's official. Rajamouli's path breaking special effects extravaganza Eega will be releasing in Hindi as Makhi on October 12, in time for the Dussera Holidays. The Nani-Samantha starrer created waves at the BO when it released in the South Indian languages a couple of months ago, but the Hindi version got delayed. The maverick director Rajamouli has finally confirmed the release date himself. It is going to be his official Bollywood debut.Actor Sudeep shared his excitement saying, \"The Hindi version of Eega is going to be releasing on October 12. Director SS Rajamouli himself confirmed the news, now that is great news. Looking forward to the film release.\"The film won universal acclaim across South India and went on to garner unprecedented openings for a non-star film down south, we will have to wait and see if the Hindi version will have the same impact. Not many people will be betting against it. We will know soon enough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318614", "title": "2 hurt in acid attack", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Saturday evening saw two youngsters getting hurt in an acid attack in Sector 22 showroom market. The youth on bike threw acid on Amit Kumar, 24, a resident of Sector 38, and fled immediately. A student staying as a paying guest in Sector 19, Tarveen Kaur, 21, was also hurt.All this happened around 7.45pm and condition of both injured is stated to be stable. While the girl is being treated at GMH-16, Amit has been referred to PGI as the acid fell in his eyes. A forensic team has collected the acid samples from the spot.Police claimed that prima facie it seems to be a case of mistaken identity. The injured Tarveen also claimed that she was not the target and she was standing near a stall when a few drops of acid fell on her. \"I am staying as a PG as I'm taking for IELTS. I had come to the market and was taken aback when some drops of acids fell on me,\" Tarveen said. Amit also claimed that he doesn't have rivalry with anyone and he doesn't even know Tarveen. Amit works at a shop in Sector 22 and the name of the owner of the shop is also Amit Kumar.The youths \"identified\" Amit by calling out his name. Talking to TOI, Amit said, \"I was near the shop when two youths came and called out my name. As I turned, they threw acid on my face and escaped.\" In his statement to the police, the shop owner, Amit Kumar said, \"On September 5, I had a serious dispute with my neighbour in Ramdarbar, Neelam, who arranged some goons for thrashing me.\" SHO of police station, Sec 31, Jaspal Singh said, \"Later, a written compromise took place between the two parties. \"But, goons threatened me with dire consequences,\" the shop owner said.Amit said, \"Neelam runs a creche near our house and it's too noisy. This had been the cause of our arguments.\" Meanwhile, an eyewitness and Tarveen's friend, Deepak Mehta, said the girl was with him and they had nothing to do with the injured youth. DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said raids are being conducted to nab the culprits on the statement of owner of shop, Amit Kumar, who claimed that he could be the real target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16325536", "title": "36th Full Dome Sky Theater Show at Nehru Planetarium", "text": "MUMBAI: Albert Einstein had said, \"The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible.\" The planetarium programme 'Cosmic Journey and Heavenly Wonders' attempts to do just that - make the universe comprehensible to visitors by taking them on an imaginary journey from the Sun to the end of the known universe.Nehru Planeterium in Worli is now showing a new programme, where they also present seven selected heavenly wonders.During this imaginary journey the different distance scales unfolds as the heavenly objects are presented to the viewer. For example visitors are told that Venus is the second nearest planet to the Sun. By size and basic appearance is more like Earth but unlike Earth, the living planet, Venus it is quite inhospitable for life form to evolve.The distance to Venus can be measured in kilometres. But when one comes to the end of the solar system the distances become so large that a different unit of measuring distance namely light time becomes most appropriate. The extent of our solar system is about five light hours, that is to say that it takes the rays of light 5 hours to reach Pluto. The Universe is billions of light years across.\"The universe is filled with many objects that mankind looks at with awe and wonder. Some we understand and others we hope to in future. A magnificent cluster of stars in globular shape is believed to be a product of collision of two galaxies. Seven such objects are discussed,\" said Arvind Paranjpye, director of Nehru Planetarium.Thought the show kindles the imagination of the viewer; throughout the show the approach has been to present scientific facts in simple language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16318671", "title": "PM awards Rs 22L to Mary Kom, Dutt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday honoured Olympic medal winners M C Mary Kom and Yogeshwar Dutt for their achievements and announced a commemorative medal for all police personnel who were on duty between March, 2011 and February, 2012 to mark the completion of 150 years of policing in India.Both the Olympic medal winners \u2014 Mary Kom and Yogeshwar Dutt \u2014 were awarded Rs 22 lakh cash each and given a plaque by the PM at the gathering of top cops during a security meet at New Delhi's Vigyan Bhavan.It was also announced that Mary Kom, till now a deputy supreintendent of police in Manipur police, has been promoted to the rank of SP. Dutt is a deputy SP in Haryana police.Also announcing a commemorative medal for all police personnel, Singh said, \"It is more than 150 years since the Police Act came into force. The story of our police forces during this period is marked by countless examples of courage, valour and sacrifice. Thousands of our policemen and women have laid down their lives in the performance of the duty. I join you all in paying homage to all these gallant persons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16324836", "title": "Indian paralympic team to return on Tuesday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 33-member Indian paralympic team, including silver medallist Girisha Hosanagara Nagaraje Gowda, will be returning to the country on Tuesday morning.Girisha, who finished second in the Men's High Jump F42 event, might be the lone medallist in the squad but the Paralympic Committee of India (PCI) has plans to accord a grand welcome to each and every athlete at the airport.On Saturday, sports minister Ajay Maken had met with Indian paralympic team members over dinner in London, where he had assured all of them jobs.Maken even asked for an explanation from the officials about the allegations of lack of escorts to look after the athletes during the Games.He was clearly told that it was not possible to accommodate each and every personal coach in the Games Village.JP Singh, who is the team leader of powerlifting, said that Farman Basha's statement was blown out of proportion. He also claimed that the powerlifter was given the best of facilities by the PCI.\"The Paralympic Committee of India is bearing all the expenses of his wife and personal coach, who are in London with Basha,\" said JP Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321743", "title": "Paul McCartney receives Legion d'Honneur", "text": "Sir Paul McCartney displayed his sixties style while receiving Legion d'Honneur award from the French president Francois Hollande.The 70-year-old former Beatle wore a white buttoned-down shirt, narrow-lapel suit and knitted tie at the award ceremony.The legendary singer received the award, created by Napoleon Bonaparte in 1802, for his services to music at the Elysee Palace in Paris.\"It is such an honour to be awarded this,\" the Telegraph quoted McCartney as saying during the ceremony.Hollande praised his contribution to the arts and joked that he preferred The Beatles to the Rolling Stones , and had also preferred Sir Paul to John Lennon when he was younger.Britons who have previously received this award include J.K. Rowling, the Harry Potter author, Sir Laurence Olivier , the actor and Ronald Searle, the artist.The British royals, the Queen, the Duke of Edinburgh and the Prince of Wales are also previous recipients of the award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16317270", "title": "Heavy rain likely to continue in state", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Andhra Pradesh received excess rainfall in the last one week while Kadapa district received moderate rainfall. The district of Visakhapatnam, which till August 29 had a rain deficit of 29%, could end up with heavy rainfall, thanks to the rains in the last one week.The met authorities noted that state has had an excellent monsoon with coastal AP boasting of an excess of 11.2% (51.3% against 44.6%) this season so far, while Telangana recorded an actual rainfall of 68.07 cm as against a normal 62.3 cm, resulting in an excess of 7%. Rayalaseema region recorded an excess of 6% with an actual rainfall of 31.03 cm as against a normal 28.16 cm.The Met department in the city noted that the deficit was covered in less than a span of one week and the heavy rains and thundershowers would continue for the next 24 hours, with another low-pressure point forming over North West Bay, West Central Bay of Bengal and South Orissa, the trough line extending from Orissa to South Tamil Nadu. The associated upper air circulation extends upto 3.8 kms over the mean sea level. However, no warning was issued to venturesome fishermen as there were no strong winds. When asked if there was a chance of the low-pressure developing into a depression, the MET authorities sounded sceptical as the system could yet move in-land preventing it from gaining momentum.In the last 24 hours, Satyavendu in Telengana recorded a rainfall of 7 cms while Ranasthalam in north-coastal AP recorded 6 cms and Tada in Nellore recorded 5 cms. Vizag recorded 2.5 cms of rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294683", "title": "Marriage, a new miracle cure for cancer", "text": "Being married helps patients with lung cancer live significantly longer than if they were single, according to a new research.Similar benefit has been seen in other cancers, including those of the prostate, and head and neck, the independent reported.A study of 168 patients with advanced lung cancer who were treated with chemotherapy and radiation over a decade from 2000 to 2010 found a third of those who were married were still alive after three years compared with 10 per cent of those who were single.Previous research has shown marriage benefits men more than women, but among these survivors it was women who fared best. Almost half (46 per cent) lived for at least three years if they were married, compared with just 3 per cent of single men.Cancer patients need support with daily activities, with proper follow up care and help travelling to and from hospital for appointments.The researchers from the University of Maryland said this was the likely explanation of why married patients did better.\"Marital status appears to be an important independent predictor of survival in patients with locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The reason for this is unclear, but our findings suggest the importance of social support in managing and treating our lung cancer patients,\" the paper quoted Elizabeth Nichols, a radiation oncology who led the study, as saying.\"We believe that better supportive care and support mechanisms for cancer patients can have a greater impact on increasing survival than many new cancer therapy techniques.\"Not only do we need to continue to focus on finding new drugs and cancer therapies, but also on ways to better support our cancer patients,\" she added.The researchers presented their findings at the 2012 Symposium on Thoracic Oncology in Chicago .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16318375", "title": "Fitness matters for Patnaites, not fee", "text": "PATNA: Be it the will to look like macho Khans or slim Kareena of Bollywood or to keep going in the demanding job market and stressful lifestyle, fitness is the in-thing nowadays. Those who can't squeeze out time for regular exercises in the morning take to gyms which are coming up like small clubs in every city. And, Patna is no exception with people from every age group eager to sweat on machines for a lissome look or manly abs.Surprisingly, a gym at Rajendra Nagar has around 200 members above 60 years of age. Rajesh Kumar, administrative manager of the gym told TOI, \"We have around 1,000 active members and 20% of them are sexagenarians. Besides, ladies' membership has also increased and they are more aware of the fitness requirement. We have 40% women members in our club.\" This unisex gym runs from 5.30am to 10pm and charges Rs 5,300 per month with additional charges for personal trainer (PT).\"Ageing and a sedentary lifestyle cause various health problems. After 40 years, body metabolism starts reducing by 5% in every 10 years. To avoid such rapid physical degradation, regular exercise becomes more important,\" said Saurabh Kumar, head trainer of the gym at Rajendra Nagar. He said Patnaites, like in metros, are also realizing the importance of exercise. That's why people from different age groups are enrolling in gyms.\"While ladies work out in gyms to maintain their figure, men are mainly focused on abs and biceps,\" says Harshit Kumar, proprietor of a gym at Boring Road.\"The recipe to fight the sign of ageing is exercise and people are now becoming aware about this fact,\" he added.Prateek Kumar, another trainer at a gym at Kankarbagh says, \"Exercise for 60 to 90 minutes everyday is enough to keep a person fit.\"Mahesh Kumar, a professional, says, \"Gym is the best place to stay fit and feel energetic and put in my best at workplace.\"Gyms across the city have also witnessed a rise in the membership of ladies. Shivangi Singh, a housewife, says she feels fresh after joining the gym. \"A few years back, shopping was my priority. But now I make it to the gym at least five days a week,\" she says.Neelam Sinha, who runs a 'ladies only' gym at SK Puri for the last two decades and charges Rs 1,500 per month, has around 30 ladies enrolled at her gym.Shreya, who works out at this gym and aspires for an MBA degree, says, \"Shelling out Rs 1,500 every month for a healthy body is not a big deal. It makes me more presentable in front of others.\"\"Some people go for dieting. That can be fatal,\" says Amin Khan, director of a unisex gym at Fraser road. He has around 60 life members and 20% of them are ladies. This gym offers no personal training. There are around five trainers, including Khan who gives personal training only on request.Most of the women enrolled with Khan's gym are above 30 years for whom fitness is required to remain healthy.Keeping their requirement in mind, this gym has introduced the concept of 'happy hours' from 10am to 2pm when only ladies can work out.The fee varies between Rs 3,500 and Rs 5,500 per month, depending upon their requirement and the facilities they want to avail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317606", "title": "Thakre questions long rope to Raj, CM promises action", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after state Congress president Manikrao Thakre questioned the failure of the law-enforcing agencies to take action against MNS leader Raj Thackeray for his inflammatory speeches against North Indians, both chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil have promised to act after studying Thackeray's recent statements.\"Ever since he set up his own party, Raj Thackeray's speeches have been inflammatory, his activists have been attacking youths from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, but so far no action has been taken against him or his supporters. I have urged both Chavan and Patil to take a serious view of Thackeray's statements. We should not allow him to take the law into his own hands,\" Thakre told TOI on Saturday.Thakre said it was unfortunate that no action was taken against MNS workers though they indulged in large scale violence across the metropolis. \"It's high time that the home department steps in and takes action against MNS activists and restores law and order,'' he said.Chavan told media persons in Amravati that his government has taken serious view of Manikrao Thakre's demand if Thackeray's statements were found to be inflammatory, action would be initiated against him. Patil said the special branch of Mumbai Police was studying the MNS leader's speeches.Despite Chavan and Patil's assurance, a section of senior Congress cabinet members felt the NCP was giving a long rope to Thackeray for obvious political reasons. A Congress minister pointed out that Mumbai police failed to take action against Thackeray when he took out a procession from Girgaum Chowpatty to Azad Maidan despite prohibitory orders being in force. \"Thackeray had publicly declared that even if he was denied permission, he will march to Azad Maidan. Under such circumstances, it was expected that Mumbai police would step in and ensure that there was no violation of rules. However, no action was taken,\" he said.Secondly, the minister said, if Thackeray was defying the rules, it was the responsibility of Mumbai Police to withdraw his security, at least during the period of the procession. \"According to rules, security personnel with him should have been stationed at the nearest police station and resumed duty after the procession was over,\" he said.Further, the Congress minister said on October 27, 2008, prime minister Manmohan Singh in a letter tothe then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh had expressed concern over thedeteriorating law and order situation in the metropolis in the wake of a deathof student from Bihar in Mumbai in policefiring. Then Deshmukh had assured the PM that his government will take sternaction against all those persons, who take law into their own hands. Regarindthe activities of Raj Thackeray led MNS, which has led to a series of incidentsinvolving north Indian community, I wish to state that the state has takenrepeated stringent action against those MNS activists, who indulged in violenceand incited hatred among different groups and communities.....till October 19,2008, a total of 84 offences were registered against Raj Thacekray and wasarrested three times in non-bailable offences...it will be thus seen that thestate has been taking strict against whenever there was possibility ofdisruption of public order due to activities of MNS workers,'' Deshmukh hadwritten to PM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16319033", "title": "Magic, puppetry, kolams enthrall all at literacy meet", "text": "BANGALORE: It was the magic of shadow puppetry that marked Pratham Book's 'One Day-One Story' campaign in the city. Hundreds of underprivileged kids from across the city sat speechless, while magician duo Nakul Shenoy and Prahlad Acharya's fingers did the tricks and amazed them.The two-day national-level campaign that was kicked off on Saturday, drew as many as 30,000 children across the country, and over 8,000 kids in Karnataka. The event was organized across 28 states and children were transported to into the world of stories with the help of 250 volunteers, who read out 'Susheela's Kolams' to the kids. Like Susheela, the little girl in the book, children were able to dream big and in colour.\"Apart from engaging kids with stories, this was an effort to unite the country with a story. The event is for children within the age group of 4 and 14 years, mostly under-served. Through this event, we want to encourage the idea of literacy among poor kids,\" said Purvi Shah, brand manager, Pratham Books, Bangalore.The sessions that were conducted in English, Hindi, Kannada, Marathi, Telugu and Bengali also saw volunteers encouraging kids to design kolams with coloured powder and coloured chalk.\"Some interesting events were organized across the country. Raichur was vibrant with storytelling sessions in about 50 villages. In Mumbai, children drew kolams on story cards. There were sessions in other states that were conducted for visually and hearing-impaired children. From schools, villages, community libraries to orphanages, Susheela's Kolams created magical designs in the minds of little ones,\" said Purvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16318215", "title": "Desal plant gives life to Madurai village", "text": "MADURAI: With villages that used indigenous methods of water harvesting and storing being forced to look for alternative means, Kottanathampatti in Madurai is jubilant as it has been given a desalination plant to address its drinking water needs.Kottanathampatti, identified a model village in the district, boasts of self-sustenance but for potable water. Relief came on Saturday when a desalination plant put up at a cost of Rs 6 lakh started functioning. The plant has an automatic dispenser that supplies 18 litres of water for Rs 2. The villagers need to drop in two one-rupee coins and collect the water from the plant, that has a capacity of 5,000 litres.\"The villagers can also have a pre-paid account, wherein they should pay Rs 100 and get their fingerprints registered. These people need not pay every time they want water. Instead, they should identify themselves in the fingerprint reader and collect water. The idea of the project is to ensure potable water for all villagers,\" said collector Anshul Mishra who inaugurated the plant.This is not the first time desalination plants have come to the rescue of drinking water-starved villages in Tamil Nadu. The villagers of K Ramanathapuram in Dindigul district have established a community-funded desalination plant to turn the highly saline ground water to consumable standards.Mishra said the district administration was gearing up to implement similar projects in other villages too.The district administration has selected one village in all unions and was addressing the needs of the people there, he added.Kotanathampatti was chosen as a model village by former collector U Sagayam to show the way of self sustenance and development with assistance from the local body and the district administration. The village has also begun a green cover drive aimed at improving the groundwater table. To begin with, each of the 3,000 households have planned to raise one tree.Another key aspect of \"project self sustenance\" is to make the village 100 per cent literate by ensuring that there are no dropouts. K Kandappan, panchayat president, notes that though the village was endowed with adequate resources, potable water was the only major problem.With the desalination plant, that problem has been addressed and now the village is also planning to go in for solar power production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16327883", "title": "Expect many more Test tons from me: Gautam Gambhir", "text": "CHENNAI: Indian opener Gautam Gambhir is confident that it is only a matter of time before he regains his form in Test cricket. The aggressive left-hander, adjudged ICC Test Player of the Year in 2009 after he scored eight centuries in 13 Tests and a key figure in India's ascendancy to No. 1 in Test rankings, has hit a lean patch in the longest form of the game.\"There is no reason for undue concern,\" 30-year-old Gambhir told TOI on Sunday, two days ahead of the second and final T20 International against New Zealand at the MA Chidambaram Stadium. Gambhir made 22, 34 and 2 in three innings in the 2-0 Test series victory over the Kiwis, and his last Test hundred came against Bangladesh in January 2010.\"I scored a century and two fifties in five one-day internationals against Sri Lanka before the New Zealand Tests,\" Gambhir said. \"I realise I didn't convert the starts in the New Zealand Tests, but it is just a question of time before I get a big one.\"I said after my first Test 100 (during the gap between his first and second hundred in Test cricket) that once I get my second, many will follow, and I say it now again, once I get the next, my 10th, many more will follow,\" said the Delhi batsman.Gambhir, who played a key role in India's T20 World Cup triumph in 2007 and 50-over World Cup triumph last year, however, has averaged 29 in the last 22 Test matches, scoring just under 1100 runs and critics have pointed at his playing away from the body as the reason.\"We need to adapt to all three formats of the game in different conditions. I am feeling comfortable with my batting form, I am middling the ball and like I said I it is only a question of time before I get my next Test hundred,\" he said.As an experienced opening pair and batting mainstay there is pressure on Gambhir and Virender Sehwag to perform with the batting line-up undergoing transition following the retirements of Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman and with Tendulkar struggling for form.\"I have always felt the pressure to perform and have thrived in it. Viru and I go out with the primary focus of providing a good start and building on it.\"Gambhir is confident that India will bounce back from the disappointment of the white wash in England and Australia that saw them lose their No. 1 ranking in Test cricket. \"I have always maintained that one needs to win overseas. We had two poor tours but we have both the talent and the ability to regain our top billing and win anywhere.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16317939", "title": "Tests find traces of poison in Fiza\u2019s viscera", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab State Chemical Laboratory has found traces of aluminum phosphide, a pesticide, and ethyl alcohol in the viscera of 42-year-old lawyer Fiza Mohammed, the estranged second wife of former Haryana deputy CM Chander Mohan, whose highly decomposed body was found at her Mohali residence on August 6.Emergency medical officer at Mohali Civil Hospital, Dr T S Bhatti, said, \"The state chemical laboratory report says that traces of aluminium phosphide and 51% ethyl alcohol were found Fiza's stomach.'' Refusing to term it a case of murder or suicide, Dr Bhatti said, \"It is the matter of police investigation and we will hand over the report to the police on September 10 after consultations with two senior doctors.\"The detection of poison appears to point towards some foul play behind her death, as was claimed by her relatives and close associates. Her maternal uncle Satpal said, \"There is something serious, which is being covered up by police since the beginning.\"Bulandshahr-based social activist Salim Alvi had claimed that Fiza feared for her life from a senior leader of Haryana Janhit Congress party. Though Alvi came to Mohali to get his statement recorded, cops refused to do so, saying they were busy in run-up to the Independence Day.The chemical report pertaining to items seized from Fiza's room \u2014 a bottle of alcohol and disposable glass \u2014 had ruled out the presence of any poison in these,SSP (Mohali) Gurpreet Singh Bhullar said, \"The report on viscera samples is pending with doctors who conducted the postmortem examination, and further action will be decided after we get it on September 10.\"The detection of aluminium phosphide has ruled out that Fiza died a natural death. Medical eExperts said either she consumed the pesticide deliberately or was forced to take it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317719", "title": "Government may offer sops for social workers", "text": "MUMBAI: In order to encourage youths to take up social work, the state is mulling linking it to getting admission for educational courses, loans and job interviews. Those who take up social work could get priority over others in these areas, a senior state official said.A recently unveiled youth policy defines those in the 13-35 age group as youth. A seven-member expert group, appointed by the government earlier this week, has been asked to work out modalities for the incentive plan. To recognize contribution of young social workers,The government is also planning to grant social prestige to social workers through special invitations at important state festivals and award programmes, the official said.Led by Dr R Krishnakumar, vice-chancellor of Yeshwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University, the panel has been asked to evolve a framework for a social credit system. - Sandeep AsharIntroduction of a social credit system is one of the highlights of the youth policy, which came into force last month and will be applicable for a ten-year period. \"By appointing the panel and deciding its terms of reference, the first step in this direction has been taken,\" another official said.Social work could soon win you an admission in a college of your choice. It could be the difference between you securing a job interview or missing out.In order to sensitise the youth towards social work, the state government is thinking of linking it to admission to educational courses, educational loans and job interviews. Those taking up social work could get priority over others in these areas, a senior state official said.A recently unveiled youth policy for the state defines those in the 13-35 age group as youth. A seven-member expert group, appointed by the government earlier this week, has been asked to work out modalities for the incentive plan.To recognise contribution of young social workers, the government also has plans to grant them social prestige through special invitations in important state festivals and award programs, the official further added.Led by the Dr R Krishnakumar, who is the vice Chancellor of the Yeshwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University, the expert panel has been asked to evolve a framework for a social credit system. An official said that its scope of work includes recommending measures to increase participation of youth in social work. It will also fix parameters for an audit of the work. The government has also asked the panel to suggest ways to publicize social work carried out by youth using the internet.The panel is expected to submit its findings within six months. Introduction of a social credit system is one of the highlights of the youth policy, which came into force last month and will be applicable for a ten-year period. \"By appointing the panel and deciding its terms of reference, the first step in this direction has been taken,\" another official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318664", "title": "Tipsy hubby creates scene, gets hurt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: High drama prevailed at a house in Sector 19, when a husband and wife had a heated argument over the former's drinking habit. According to the police, Shiv Kumar, a Sector 19 resident, reached home completely sozzled on late Friday. His wife objected to it and they started quarrelling.\"Shiv picked up a knife and started waving it in the air, threatening to kill himself. However, in the scuffle, he fell down and sustained minor injuries. Thereafter, onlookers restrained him,\" said an official from Sector 19 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16322454", "title": "Videograph riots rather than preventing it: Bihar top cop's mantra", "text": "NEW DELHI: If Bihar Police has its way, it will be a better idea to focus on registering cases against protesters in law and order situations rather than trying to prevent them from indulging in vandalism.This strategy was outlined by none other than director general of Bihar Police Abhayanand at the annual conference of directors general and inspectors general of police forces held here late on Saturday night, officials attending the meet said on Sunday.Anand, a 1977-batch IPS officer of the Bihar cadre who took over on September last year as the police chief, told the gathering of senior police officers that during the recent murder of Brahmeshwar Singh alias 'Mukhyia' in June, he directed his men to videograph the protesters rather than acting against them.This stunned all those present in the hall at Vigyan Bhawan who started questioning him about his decision and a general opinion was that the first action of the police was to prevent destruction of property.The answer of the Bihar director general further stumped the audience when he said whatever was destroyed at the end of the agitation was government property - few vehicles and some buildings.\"I don't think that I have any comment to offer as this is a professional matter and I would not like to debate it on media platform,\" Anand told PTI when his reaction was sought.The Bihar DGP also told the gathering that on the hindsight he did not regret his decision though some areas, including the capital city of Patna was tense.After videography, police registered cases against the protesters, he said but the gathering appeared unconvinced.As the presentation of the Anand ended, a senior official of central para-military forced stood up and expressed hope that Bihar police deployed with the CRPF in its fight against Naxalism does not follow the same principle, a statement that made the entire hall burst into peals of laughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16322996", "title": "Chinese defence minister wished to give cash gift to military band", "text": "NEW DELHI: After giving an unusual gift of Rs one lakh cash to two Indian Air Force (IAF) pilots, Chinese defence minister Gen Liang Guanglie planned to repeat such an action with regard to a military band playing at a banquet hosted by defence minister A K Antony .But his plan could not be executed as the Indian side dissuaded him from doing so saying there was no such practice, sources told PTI here.The development took place on the evening of September 4 when Gen Liang was at Air Force's Akash Officers' Mess near India Gate here and an IAF band was playing both Hindi and Chinese songs which was appreciated by the Chinese side, they said.When the banquet was getting over, the band in-charge was asked to be prepared as the Chinese defence minister wanted to give them some gift as token of his appreciation, sources said.However, fresh from the experience of giving money to the two IAF pilots on September 3, the Indian side apprehended that the gift would be in cash and dissuaded the Chinese side from giving it saying there was no such practice, they said.At the end of the function, the IAF band was not presented with any gift by the Chinese side, sources said.While coming to Delhi from Mumbai, the Chinese defence minister presented two envelopes carrying Rs 50,000 each to the two IAF pilots belonging to the communication squadron of the force.After finding the unusual cash gifts in the envelopes, the two IAF pilots reported the matter to their superiors and deposited the money in the government depository.Meanwhile, the defence ministry is not keen on taking up the issue with the Chinese side but feels that giving such gifts was not in tune with Indian traditions.The defence ministry has also written a letter to the MEA in this regard but not recommended any action or follow-up on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16318158", "title": "Angry doctors to work more", "text": "CHENNAI: Government doctors in the state may soon volunteer to work an extra hour or do an additional elective surgery wearing black badges to protest the punitive action initiated by health minister V S Vijay against staff in state-run hospitals and medical colleges.The action began two weeks ago after a 12-day-old girl's body was eaten away by a rodent at the government Kasturba Gandhi Hospital for Women and Children in Triplicane, exposing the unhygienic conditions in government hospitals. Since then, the minister has been making surprise visits to all government hospitals and has so far suspended more than a dozen staff. He asked heads of departments to issue memos to doctors asking why action should not be taken against them for dereliction of duty. And he has vowed to continue the drive. \"Hospitals are cleaner now. Suspensions will show they are answerable to the government.We are also considering bio-attendance for doctors,\" said Vijay.His decision has not gone down well with government doctors. Their association has called for an emergency meeting of its executive council to discuss further course of action. \"It's unfair to treat doctors this way,\" said Tamil Nadu Government Doctors Association president Dr K Senthil, who works with the Vellore Medical College Hospital.\"We will protest without causing any disturbance to the public. The minister's is a knee-jerk reaction and it demoralises doctors. We admit there is a problem with cleanliness but the solution does not lie in suspending doctors. He should solve problems scientifically,\" said the association's Chennai district president Dr Balakrishnan.In its charter of demands, the association has asked the government to increase the number of doctors in all hospitals.Every year, the number of patients visiting government hospitals has increased and the government extended the out-patient hours by two more hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16317466", "title": "Elderly man killed in hit-and-run case", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 60-year-old person died in a hit-and-run case involving a Skoda car on Road No. 7, Banjara Hills, on Saturday evening. The Banjara Hills police said that 60-year-old Shahnawaz was returning to his residence on Road No. 4, Banjara Hills after offering prayers at Barkat Villa masjid.While he was walking on the road, a black Skoda knocked him down resulting serious head injuries to him. He was rushed to a private hospital in Banjara Hills, where he succumbed while undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16317074", "title": "Amin criticizes government for appointing Adesh Pal as VC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Senior Congress leader Narhari Amin has lambasted the state government for appointing the Gujarat University (GU) vice-chancellor, who owned liquor permit. Amin claimed that generally before appointing anyone as the chairman or statutory head of an institution, the state government orders a background check on the person. For this, the district collector is given the responsibility. \"The collector has to make sure whether the person in question has a criminal record, was involved in any violence or destructive activity, or even has a police case or holds a liquor permit. In the current vice-chancellor's case, none of the above procedure was followed,\" says Amin.He accused the newly appointed vice-chancellor Adesh Pal of lying in public that though he had a liquor permit, he does not drink but uses it for his friends - outsiders and foreign guests - who would be entertained. \"Appointing such a person to the highest seat of higher education is an insult,\" Amin added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16317798", "title": "In California, legal shield for Sikh rights", "text": "WASHINGTON: California governor Edmund Brown would sign into law two legislations protecting the rights of Sikhs in the state and including information about the religion in high school curriculum.One of the legislation updates the California high school curriculum so that every student in the state learns about the about the history, tradition and theology of Sikhism and California Sikhs.The other legislation clarifies the Fair Employment and Housing Act to ensure that employees receive equal protection under law, specifically protecting religious observances such as the turban, hijab and yarmulke.\"Both bills represent landmark achievements that will increase protections for all religious observers in the workplace,\" said Balbir Dhillon, president of the Sacramento Sikh Temple. \"We cannot express the extent of our gratitude to assembly member Mariko Yamada , senators Loni Hancock and Darrell Steinberg for writing and ensuring the passage of these bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16332341", "title": "'Organic farming can help save world from global warming'", "text": "VADODARA: Stanford University Scientists' conclusion that there was no significant difference in the nutritional value of foods grown, either organically or through conventional farming methods, has quite naturally left the organic farmers fuming.\"I wonder how they (scientists) have arrived at this conclusion. They should check with the Organic Farming Magazine in the US, which is being published since 1946, and which has written that organic eggs are three times more nutritious,\" president of Organic Farming Association of India (OFAI) Sarvadaman Patel says.\"The biggest advantage that organic food has over conventional food is cited by Stanford scientists themselves - lack of pesticides. US has very strict quality control checks which keep the use of pesticides under control. But in India, chemicals are used indiscriminately,\" says Patel, who holds a masters' degree in agronomics from University of Wisconsin , Madison. \"Here, we eat vegetables, which have been brought to market only a day or two after pesticide spray, although at least 45 days should be given for the effect of these dangerous chemicals to wear off the crops.\"\"Forget every other benefit that organic has over conventional farming, can you discount the 'taste' factor? Everyone agrees that organic food tastes much better,\" the 60-year-old, US-educated conventional-turned-organic farmer told TOI on the sidelines of a five-day green event called 'Hariyali'. It is being organized by Jatan Trust and Faculty of Social Works, MSU, and the event began on Friday.\"More significantly, organic could help save the world from global warming . It saves 40 per cent of water used in conventional farming and uses non-conventional energy sources,\" says Patel, claiming that he did not have to use water pump for as long as 25 days when it did not rain at all this monsoon. \"In summers, I don't need to irrigate my farms for almost 30-35 days. Head of the department of civil engineering in MSU A S Patel says if every village of average 100 acre size could shift to organic, the water saved would take care of the village's domestic needs for the next 20 years!Patel, who is the grandson of renowned Bhailal Kaka, who set up Sardar Patel University in Anand, runs a 40-acre organic farm near Anand, which has been cited as a shining example of all that is good with organic farming by organic farming organizations across India. He shifted to organic farming after a pesticide spray rendered the cattle sick, while a farm hand developed severe trauma symptoms. \"Luckily, there was no fatality, but I made up my mind to shift to organic.\"Expressing resentment over lack of incentives to organic farming in India, Patel said there was plenty of subsidies for urea or DAP for conventional farming, but none for organic farmers, who could bring down the cost by getting subsidized seeds etc. The criticism that organic farming did not produce volumes in a nation requiring food security, could be easily challenged, since Patel's experiments over the last 12 years, since he turned organic, had yielded similar yields in 90 per cent of his crops as that of conventional crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "coimbatire", "code": "16318756", "title": "Corporation felicitates top scorers in public exams", "text": "COIMBATIRE: It was one of the proudest moment for V Angamuthu, an electrician on call, near Ramanathapuram in the city when his daughter A Annapoorni walked up to the stage and collected the gold medal for scoring the highest marks in Class 12 public examination among corporation school students. The top scorers from the Coimbatore corporation schools were felicitated on Saturday evening at a function held at the corporation auditorium in RS Puram.\"I am really proud that my daughter had made it a point to work hard in school and also ensure that she gets an opportunity to pursue higher studies,\" said Angamuthu after the felicitation programme.Annapoorni was a student of Corporation Girls Higher Secondary school in Ramakrishnapuram and scored 1149 out of 1200 to emerge as the top scorer in corporation schools.Similar emotions flowed for A Govindaraj, a private security guard, as he sat on the corner seat in the second row of the auditorium to see his daughter G Manimekhalai walk to receive her four gram gold medal for the second highest scorer. Manimekhalai scored 1132 in the exam. She was a student of Corporation Girls Higher Secondary school on Oppanakara street.M Bhavani who came third with 1129 out of 1200 was also awarded a gram gold medal in the presence of her father V Murugan, a police constable with the district police force. All three of them were also given certificates of merit at the function and are presently pursuing Bcom I year with corporate secretaryship at PSG College of Arts and Science in the city.Gold medals were also awarded to R Sivakami, R Nandhitha Sree and P Sambhavi for the highest marks in Class 10 examination. The free distribution of laptops to 2,584 students from various corporation schools in the city was also held at the event.Cash awards worth Rs1,32,400 were also distributed to 173 students. Cash awards of Rs1,000 were given to 103 Class 12 students who scored a total aggregate of over 1,000 in the exams and 56 Class X students with total marks of more than 450 were given Rs500. 14 students who registered centum performances in various subjects were given Rs100 each at the event.City mayor SM Velusamy, district collector M Karunagaran, corporation commissioner TK Ponnusamy, legislators from Coimbatore and senior officials from Coimbatore municipal corporation and district administration attended the function.\"It is a very positive sign to realise that students from corporation and government schools are scoring high marks in the public examination. It is very heartening as most of these students hail from middle class and lower middle class families,\" said M Karunagaran, district collector, Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16316432", "title": "Punjab oust Haryana, to meet Odisha in final", "text": "LUCKNOW: Punjab knocked out defending champions Haryana to set up a final clash against Odisha in the Hockey India junior men's national championship at Dhyan Chand stadium on Saturday.In a fast-paced semifinal, Punjab came back from a goal down to stop Haryana 4-2, while earlier a weary looking SAI Bhopal succumbed 1-6 to last year's runners Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318825", "title": "Chandigarh doctor recommends substitutes in cricket", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The gentleman's game could wear a new look, if the International Cricket Council (ICC) gives a nod to the recommendations forwarded by a BCCI's consultant, Dr M S Dhillon. Based on a study that players sustain frequent injuries, the recommendation is to allow substitutes in cricket.The main investigator of the study, Dr Dhillon who is also BCCI consultant, has sent his recommendations to introduce substitution to the BCCI and the ICC. \"We found that amongst the first class players, 49% fast bowlers could not play after one season due to several injuries, including backache. Due to these injuries we have drafted these suggestions to restart substitution in cricket,\" said Dr Dhillon (better known as the spinner's Muttiah Muralitharan's doctor who corrected his 'chucking' with a brace).During the 4th world congress of science and medicine in cricket held on March last year in Chandigarh, a study at the level of Punjab cricket association was presented to the BCCI and ICC officials. The research which was of one-year duration revealed that in 95 players, 8% wicket keeper, 25% bowlers and 20% batsmen had suffered injuries in a period of one year. It was also observed that out of 365 days, these players remained on the field for 245 days.\"We undertook this study at the national level and found similar results,\" Dr Dhillon said.Elaborating on the recommendations drafted, he said, \"There is a need of 15 players in cricket. In hockey where players get time to rest after continuous wear and tear, the same must be followed in other sports too.\" There are also some spinal changes seen in hockey players and wicket keepers in cricket. \"We are going to study these changes,\" said Dr Dhillon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318417", "title": "The discovery of cinema", "text": "Cinema, the world's most powerful audio-visual medium, has always impacted young people. Andrei Tarkovsky , the greatest Russian movie maker after Eisenstein, had said, \"Unlike all the other art forms, film is able to seize and render the passage of time, to stop it, almost to possess it in infinity. I'd say that film is the sculpting of time.\"The movies came to Bihar in the early years of 20th century. J F Madan had acquired the 'Elphinstone Theatre Co.' of Bombay in 1902 and converted it into 'The Elphinstone Bioscope Co'. Patna had its own Elphinstone Theatre which became the Elphinstone cinema, and started showing short silent films. After the advent of Talkies, it started showing films with sound. Its ownership changed after the collapse of the Madan empire in 1930s. Cine Society president Rajendra N Dash writes of another silent cinema theatre built in China Kothi, Patna, which withered away after the advent of Talkies in 1931. The first 'Talkie Theatre' of Patna was built at Babu Bazar, south-west Patna, debuting with the talkie, 'Veer Abhimanyu', in 1933 or 1934. Not long after, a huge fire destroyed the theatre, caused by the highly volatile nitrate film reels. It was never rebuilt.Today, Patna boasts of a multiplex and several cinema halls with 3D and 4D technologies. But a growing number of discerning young people say that these theatres fall short of their expectations when it comes to content.\"Honestly, Patna doesn't offer much to the discerning viewer. One or two English movies screened at the Cinepolis, are mainly action movies, fantasies, and animation films. The rest of the screens in Patna show Hollywood blockbusters dubbed in Hindi, which are poor substitutes,\" says 19-year-old Manoj Kumar , a second year student of Mass Media in Sikkim Manipal's distance education programme. \"When I want to watch a Bergman or Fellini or a Tarantino for example, the place to go is a cine circle. It's great cinema and almost free!\"Film studies and cinema have become an important part of mass media courses, and it is imperative that students watch and analyze classic and contemporary cinema from all over the world.Film appreciation clubs and societies are emerging in Patna. Here, in private showings to members and guests, enthusiastic youngsters and cinema aficionados can experience the film magic of masters old and new.For the past year, in a small upper room opposite the Sacred Heart Church in New Patliputra Colony, the faithful disciples of cinema gather for their weekend 'screen supper'. Almost every week, the Act Cine Circle screens a documentary or film of the 'independent' variety, sourced directly from the maker, distributor or a private collection. These are strictly non-commercial private screenings for viewing and discussion, insists the coordinator, Shanti Ghimire, a media student at the Malauna Mazrul Haque Arabic and Persian University. \"We mention the film on our Facebook status pages, and create an event on our Facebook page. Interested people phone in and accordingly we make seating arrangements. Our capacity is about 24 chairs.\"The Act Cine Circle is doing a 'human rights cycle' in September and October, where films such as 'Milk', 'The Mathew Sheppard Story' and 'Sixth Happiness' will be screened along with documentaries and short features from India and South Asia on gay, lesbian and transgender issues.Another private venue, the residence of Dr Dilip Sen at Buddha Marg has seen the gathering of the film faithful for over a decade. Patna's most venerable film appreciation group, the Cine Society, Patna has been congregating there for at least three days a month to savour screenings from the works of master craftsmen from all over the world.The Cine Society, Patna is the oldest registered film appreciation society, all of 29 years. It actually started in the early 1950's as the Patna Film Society and is among the oldest cinema societies in India. CSP, with the support of the Bihar Government, organizes regular film screenings at Chhavi Griha on Saturday afternoons, which are open to all. Documentaries, classic Indian and world cinema is on offer to students and enthusiasts.\"The current membership of CSP is about 150, and growing,\" says Raviraj Patel, an active member. \"Under the able guidance of R N Dash and Gautam Dasgupta, the society has been able to embark on an ambitious education programme: the education of Patna's college students in the art and grammar of cinema.\"Nitin Chandra, one of Bihar's better-known regional filmmakers and a CSP member says, \"Our daily lives are influenced by cinema. When it comes to Bihar, which has a cinema hall density of one to 10 lakh people, it is a matter of great concern that cinema needs to be promoted for its value as art and its importance as livelihood. People need to be told the difference between the good, bad and ugly. CSP can play a big role in reviving a taste for good cinema.\"For youngsters who want to watch compelling cinema and at almost no price, the best thing is to find out about a film appreciation club, cine circle or cine society near you. It's an educational experience both stimulating and satisfying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16317800", "title": "China pushes Xinjiang hard to ignore Pak", "text": "BEIJING: China's central leaders are pushing the troubled border province of Xinjiang to reduce its links with Pakistan and develop economic links with other neighbours, including central Asian countries and Russia .This follows repeated warnings by Xinjiang's leaders that Pakistan is the source of training and equipment of insurgents involved in violent incidents in the province.Chinese PM Wen Jiabao recently discussed several projects connecting Xinjiang with central Asia without mentioning any links with Pakistan. A Chinese transmission company is planning a cross-border project for three-way supply of electricity between Xinjiang, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan .Pakistan has been desperately pushing Beijing for a railway line and energy pipeline project connecting it with China's Xinjiang. But Wen ignored Islamabad's requests in his recent address in Xinjiang's Urumqi city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321162", "title": "Book on the art critic, Richard Bartholomew", "text": "Photographer Pablo Bartholomew's book on his father, acclaimed art critic Richard Bartholomew, is an attempt to exorcise ghosts that haunt him. TOI gets a first look.Almost 27 years since artist, photographer and acclaimed art critic Richard Bartholomew passed away in tragic circumstances in 1985, his photographer-son, Pablo Bartholomew has compiled a voluminous book on his work focussing on art criticism from 1950 to '80s.In a revealing afterword of the Richard Bartholomew: The Art Critic, the 56-year-old Pablo recounts, \"A stroke took him, at an official meeting at the home of the head of the arts' organisation he served then. Those around him thought it better to let him lie and rest and not take him to hospital. So he lay there unconscious without medical attention and was brought home hours later in that unexplained state...\"After slipping into coma for 10 days, Richard left his body. A year after his death in 1985, Pablo put together an exhibition of his father's Indian and American street photography, in Delhi and Mumbai, as a tribute of some sort. \"It was my way to deal with him,\" he says over the phone from his Delhi residence.Three years on, Pablo tried to make peace with Richard, a man with whom he shared an informal relationship. \"He was an easy guy. I was the difficult one,\" he adds. Difficult as he may be, Pablo went on to explore the North Eastern region of India, trying to find traces of his father \u2014 once a young Burmese boy displaced by the Second World War, who walked into India to escape the Japanese. \"It became a ten-year project which temporarily filled an emotional void, but never really answered enough,\" he reflects.Somewhere, Pablo knew it was imperative that he put Richard's writings out. Yet, it took a decade for the family to reconcile. \"My mother edited the book, but she was not ready to commit entirely to it, which slowed down the process,\" he says. \"Then, like my father, she too suffered a stroke. The project was on hold, till I took it upon myself.\"It took three years to find the visual material, and put the onekilo book together. \"Not all of my father's writings were in one place. Newspapers and journals across several libraries had to be searched, which took time,\" he points out. After a publisher who sat on the project for four years backed out, he decided to publish the book himself in association with The Raza Foundation. A formal launch is slated for September 26 in New Delhi.In many ways, this compilation of Richard's incisive writing backed with subtext makes a readable history of modern Indian art, and addresses issues of art and the state. In Pablo's words, \"It talks about the giants of modern Indian art; some of them repeatedly, so that you can track and map their journeys.\"Since Richard was an artist himself, he knew the craft intrinsically, could write as a practitioner, and elucidate complex ideas eloquently and simply. Yet, Pablo, believes, \"I don't think my father launched any careers. However, he was instrumental in explaining to the artists what they were doing. When they went wrong, he wasn't easy on them. But when they turned out something good, he appreciated their work and contextualised it.\"For instance, he says, there are several pieces in the book that reprimand some artists, and in subsequent reviews, he appreciates the direction that they have taken. \"So it was never about showering idle praise, nor was it just negative writing,\" he explains. This no way suggests that Richard had no favourites. He was particularly fond of work put out by Ram Kumar, Satish Gujral, MF Husain, Kanwal Krishna, Sailoz Mukherjee, Jeram Patel, A Ramachandran, and Jagmohan Chopra. And it is they who benefited most from his writings.One of the most engaging chapters in the book \u2014 Politics of Art \u2014 discusses his battle with the state policy in Delhi during his tenure as secretary of Lalit Kala Akademi. \"I think he fought for the artists, the budgets, and the kind of shows that he put together for exhibitions abroad. And of course, see that the Triennale happened on time,\" says Pablo.\"There was no blemish on my father's name, but it killed him.\"He admits that he was always more concerned about his father's photography.Perhaps, that's why he chose to document his Richard's exhaustive pictures in a coffee table book \u2014 A Critic's Eye \u2014 in 2009, while his recent edition was waiting to be tackled. \"But this is the more important one,\" he says. \"It has history, it is a standard in writing. It is a benchmark on how and what criticism should be. I think it will be an important landmark in decades to come.\"But on a personal level, as he admits in his afterword, it \"is to appease the ancestral spirits, exorcise many ghosts that haunt me and make peace with his past that shadows mine.\"A page from Richard's copy of Macbeth makes the cover, and features intense scribblings that the family has failed to decipher.Reema.Gehi @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16322510", "title": "Damarukam release to be postponed", "text": "Some say it is the Pawan Kalyan effect while some others prefer to call it the Shirdi Sai effect! Grapevine has it that RR Movie Makers are thinking about deferring the release of Nagarjuna's much awaited graphical extravaganza to avoid clashing with the release of Pawan Kalyan's Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu(CGTR). The producers of Damarukam had previously announced that they would be releasing the film on October 12, a day after the release of CGTR. But the BO performance of Shirdi Sai seems to have got them a little concerned. Shirdi Sai has only managed to get a lukewarm response from the BO. Buzz has it that the filmmakers are now considering deferring the release of Damarukam by a week. Sources in the film's unit say that the filmmakers are planning to release the film on October 18, one week after the release of CGTR. But it all depends how well CGTR shapes up and the sort of response it will generate at the BO. An official confirmation about the subject is expected soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "16318569", "title": "A 'missed call' to shut down your PC", "text": "SIRSA: There is good news for all those people who often forget to turn off their computers at home in the rush of reaching their workplaces on time. Progressive farmer Neki Ram of Nuhiyanwali village in Sirsa has developed a SIM-based device that can be attached to the computer. The user can simply send a \"missed call\" to the number installed in the device which shall instantly send commands to the computer and turn it off. Explaining the technology, Neki Ram said: \"I repair cellphones and televisions at my shop. The idea of making such a device came into my mind when I rushed to customers' homes to check their TVs and cellphone but most of the times, forgot to switch off my computer.\"His friend Sunil Kumar said, \"Neki Ram is very innovative and feel the Haryana government must help him explore his skills.\" Neki's mother Guddi Devi said, \"I am very proud of my son. He is a graduate and studied computers at Odhan village.\"How it works?Neki says he has installed a cellphone inside the CPU and powers it through the motherboard using a mobile charger plate to maintain voltage. Giving a missed call to the cellphone number stops power to the computer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16318634", "title": "Rain to continue its spell next week too", "text": "LUCKNOW: Light to moderate rain in last one month has brought down the rainfall deficit of the city to 20% below normal on Saturday from 34% below normal in the first week of August. The weatherman said that while intermittent rainfall will continue for next 2-3 days, the rainfall activity is expected to intensify from September 12 onwards, which would bring down the deficit further in the state capital in the coming days.State Met director JP Gupta said that at present a circulation over east UP is causing light to moderate rain in the city and other parts of the state. In next 2-3 days, the west UP will receive more rain in comparison to the East, he said. The monsoon trough line, which at present passes from over central India, is expected to move over UP, which is expected to intensify the rainfall activity from September 12-13 onwards, he added.On Saturday, the city though did not witnessed rain, however, the cloudy sky and strong easterly winds kept the climate pleasant. On Friday, the state capital received around 12 mm of rain. Cities like Allahabad received 110 mm of rain on the day. Likewise, Kunda received 90 mm, Mirzapur 60 mm, Azamgarh and Kanpur 20 mm each. Barabanki, Unnao, Faizabad, Banda and Jaunpur received 10 mm each. On Saturday, Jhansi received 88.2 mm of rain which was maximum. Some of the cities in west UP too received significant rain.The maximum temperature in Lucknow on Saturday was 33.6 degrees Celsius while the minimum temperature was 24 degrees Celsius. Similar weather conditions are expected on Sunday. However, the velocity of the gusty, which was high for last few days, would come down.The monsoon assessment report of the state Met department shows that the situation has improved a lot in the state in last one month. The deficit in rain is mainly because of delay in arrival of monsoon, as a result of which, the month of June was dry. However, the rainfall in July, August and September so far has been normal. The light to moderate rain with brief intervals in between is also said to be good for the crops. The average per district rain in the state from June 1 to September 7 has been 548.3 mm, which is 24% below normal. In the east UP, per district average rainfall in this period was 605 mm, 20% below normal. In comparison, per district rainfall in west UP has been 461.8 mm, 31% below normal. Though the total rain are still below normal, the situation has improved a lot in comparison to drought-like-situation in June.If districts are taken individually, there are around 10 districts, of total 75, where rainfall recorded so far has been above normal. However, in a few districts like Meerut, Kushinagar and Mau, total rains have been 60% below normal. The situation in drought-prone Bundelkhand district has also improved. Jhansi so far has recorded 25% below normal rain, Banda received 21% below normal rain and Lalitpur 2% above normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16319148", "title": "Comics are big, serious biz with potential", "text": "Jatin Varma is the founder of Twenty Onwards Media, the company behind Comic Con India, the country's only comic-based convention. The current iteration of Comic Con India \u2014 Comic Con Express \u2014 is currently on at Koramangala Stadium in Bangalore . Comic Con India is modelled on Comic Con I n t e r n a - tional, one of the wo rl d 's b i g g e s t showcases of popular culture held annually at S a n Diego, California, since 1970.Tell us about yourself. How did you get into the comics business and organizing Comic Con?I'm 28, I grew up in Delhi and I have an economics major from the University of Washington in Seattle. After college, I was in the US for a year, trying to figure out what I wanted to do. I didn't want to do finance . So I convinced my parents to loan me some money and came back and started my company, Twenty Onwards Media. My other company does television production work. We used to publish as well; we had something called Random , an Indian version of Mad magazine. It's defunct now, but when we were working on it, we got to know a lot of artists and writers from across the country. Everyone would complain that we were doing a lot of good stuff, but no one was actually seeing it. So we decided to organize a Comic Con. In mid 2010, we started scouting for venues. We finally figured out we would do it in Dilli Haat in Delhi. The next one was in Mumbai last year and now we are in Bangalore.What can we see at theComic Con Express?At Comic Con, you won't just find comic book publishers, you'll find merchandisers, graphic artists and animation companies. We even have stalls from two foreign training institutions for animation and gaming. There will be panel discussions and sessions on pop culture . We also have prizes for best costumes and Cosplayers.Which are the big names participating?Apart from Indian publishers like Campfire, Level 10, Chariot Comics, Rudra Matsa and Amar Chitra Katha, Nickelodeon is one of the exhibitors. The Xbox 360 booth is another. I'm hoping the India launch of Halo 4 - the stupendously popular X-Box game -- will be launched at an Indian Comic Con.What do you think about the market for pop culture in India?There's tremendous potential here. We realized by the end of the first Comic Con that when you put up this event and create a marketplace , you are bypassing retailers and distributors. People come in droves and spend huge amounts of money. Take Random House selling DC titles - they have sales of nearly 8 lakh in three days, which they won't in six months if they went through retail outlets. It's not just kids buying comics anymore, there are teens and parents. And there are fans of things that are tough to source here.How do you get content for Comic Con?When we visited the San Diego Comic Con, our aim wasn't just to have fun. We've gone to every single publisher, talked to them about the market in India. In our second year, we brought in some international artists. We convinced them, promised them a tour of the Taj, just to make an appearance because once Comic Con starts bringing in foreign artists and writers with a worldwide following, it takes us to a different level. This market has the potential to grow and there are people willing to pay good money, but the gameplan needs to be long term. But to convince international brands or even Indian brands to take this market seriously is very difficult. They don't get that there is a lot of money in niches - and a niche in India can be huge.What's the business model for Twenty Onwards Media?Anyone setting up a booth at the Con is charged Rs 30,000-35 ,000, which is standard for most exhibitions . This is how we keep the event free. The participants also understand that the moment you ticket people, attendance drops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16326115", "title": "Hydel projects to safeguard interest of tribals: Prem Kumar Dhumal", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal said that in future the Hydel Project in the tribal areas would be executed and approved after safe guarding the interest of the people of the areas. He said that compensation for the land acquired by Jay Pee Company for construction of project would be given to the people soon and directed the Deputy Commissioner Kinnaur to look in to the matter. While addressing public gathering at KInnaur on Sunday, Dhumal said that to ensure the development of tribal areas of Himachal Pradesh, state government has ensured nine percent outlay of the state plan under tribal area sub plan. Tribal areas constitute three percent of total population but the pace of development had been given priority, he said.For last three days chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal is on a whirlwind tour of tribal Lahaul-Spiti and Kinnaur districts where he laid foundation stones of many projects while dedicated many completed projects. As assembly polls are likely to be announced shortly following which code of conduct would ne enforced, state government is busy in laying foundation stones and inaugurating new projects to woo the voters.Dhumal while addressing a gathering at Kilba village of Kinnaur district said that Rs 333 crore were being spent during the current financial year under the plan. He inaugurated primary health centre building at Kilba constructed at the cost of Rs 85 lakh. He also dedicated community health centre building at Nichar constructed at a cost of Rs 95 lakh and laid the foundation stone of Science Block of Government Senior Secondary School, Nichar to be constructed at a cost of Rs 74 lakh. He also announced the up gradation of High School Bruha to Senior Secondary School.Chief minister said that the state government was committed to provide specialized health care services to the people of the state nearer to their homes. He said that Rs 1025 crore were being spent on health sector during the current financial year. He said that over 800 doctors and almost similar number of paramedical staff have been appointed and posted in far flung areas of the state so that people does not suffer due to lack of staff.Chief Minister said that public works worth Rs 186 crore were sanctioned during the last four and half years for Kinnaur district and 64 Kilometres new roads and 13 bridges were constructed in the district during this period. He said that 36 villages were connected by road till August this year. He said that several projects and schemes have been launched in the field of education and health in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16318710", "title": "Opposition to acquisition of land affecting devp: Sharad Pawar", "text": "PUNE: The region's development was being hampered because of opposition to land acquisition, Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar said on Saturday. The Union government's plans to establish a flower research institute in Pune region may shift to Bangalore if land was not made available, he added.Pawar was speaking at a function organised by the Rose Society of Pune to mark its golden jubilee celebrations.\"Pune region has contributed in developing a variety of flowers and has taken a lead over other cities in India in exporting flowers, in recent times. During my tenure as agriculture minister, I want to establish a flower research institute near Pune, if land is made available,\" said Pawar.He added, \"There is immediate opposition after any project is announced and when steps are taken to acquire land. Some village committees in the name of saving land are formed and good projects are opposed. The media gives publicity to such opposition and nothing can progress.\"Pawar said he would talk to the state government about the institute. \"But land remains an issue. If matters do not work out, the institute will go to Bangalore,\" he said.India was self sufficient in foodgrains, but there were not enough godowns to store the produce. \"The union government is shifting its attention from foodgrain production to other produce like flowers and horticulture. India needs to increase its share in the global flower market,\" said Pawar.He presented G Kasturirangan with a gold medal instituted by the Rose Society of Pune for his contribution in developing rose varieties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16332545", "title": "PTR foresters hunt for missing jumbo", "text": "Daltonganj: Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) officials have launched a search to locate an injured adult male elephant which has gone missing at Betla National Park recently.As many as 40 trackers and seven forest guards along with officials of the Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) launched the search for the missing elephant on Friday. The search was conducted within a radius of two km from Baiga Pani at the national park where the elephant was last seen limping and struggling for life about a week earlier.A PTR conservator said the elephant was badly injured. He, however, said the cause of the injury was not known.D S Srivastava, a member of the steering committee of Project Elephant, said a rescue operation on such a massive scale had not been carried out at the park earlier. \"The disappearance of the elephant has come as a huge surprise, since an elephant, particularly, with a leg injury, cannot to trudge a long distance. It should have been around the place where it was last seen a week before,\" Srivastava said.The wound was in a very bad condition with puss oozing from it. In such a situation, an elephant cannot move much and will prefer to be as close to a water source as possible. \"Surprisingly, there is no trace of it in and around Baiga Pani, a site where there is enough water,\" said Srivastava.Though a wounded elephant normally prefers to sit, the grass surface in and around the area showed no sign of any elephant moving about in the vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317425", "title": "256% rise in Indian students going abroad in 10 years, study says", "text": "MUMBAI: Campuses in the West have for long been wooing young Indians, with education fairs, road shows and special admission campaigns nudging thousands to pick up brochures that give a peek into college life in Europe. While studying in Oxbridge still remains the highest academic aspiration among the youth here, between 2000 and 2009, the number of Indian students in foreign countries has grown by 256% or three-and-a-half times.Going by the findings of a study conducted by the Indian Institute of Management-Bangalore, the profile of the internationally mobile Indian students is changing. Traditionally, north Indians flocked to Europe for higher education, but increasingly, students from Gujarat as well as the southern states are making a beeline for institutes in those countries, with one in every two Indians studying in the UK being a woman. And when it comes to scholarships and grants, most of them are bagged by students from southern India, shows the study, 'Indian student mobility to selected European countries: An Overview'.The paper is part of a research project financed by the European Union (EU) and carried out by Rupa Chanda and Shahana Mukherjee at IIM-B, researchers at the European University Institute, Indian Council of Overseas Employment, and Maastricht University (Faculty of Law). One-year Master's programmes in business and management have been the most popular field, but many engineering and mathematics and computer science aspirants also head for Europe. \"But healthcare, English and linguistics are not gaining popularity,\" notes the study.According to the study, there has been a steady annual rise of 7% Indians travelling overseas for a degree. More than 53,000 Indians went abroad in 2000 and at the end of the decade, the count shot up to 1.9 lakh. While the US has been steady in the top slot of having most number of Indian students, education magnet UK has been a close second. However, the interest in the US seems to have slipped, albeit slightly, as other countries like Australia hard sell their universities. The US's loss also seems to be adding up to Europe's gain. Across the globe, the UK attracts the second largest contingent of international students and since 2009, about 17% Indian students have been visiting there annually; after all, Indians comprise the second largest group of international students in the UK.Between 2000 and 2009, the count of Indian students in Europe has increased from 3,348 to 51,556, with the UK separately logging a rise from 3,962 to 36,105. But across Europe, Germany and France get most of remaining Indian students. \"Indian students are now also exploring other countries such as Sweden, Italy and Ireland, where education is considerably cheaper and part-time jobs are easier to secure,\" said the researchers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16317703", "title": "Teacher ends life at Parra", "text": "Mapusa: A teacher from Parra allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself in his house on Friday.Sunil Kudav, 32, a resident of Jackniwaddo in Parra, was found hanging in his house at Parra behind Ganesh temple.When his family received no response after repeatedly knocking on his door, they forced it open and found him hanging. Mapusa police conducted the panchanama and sent the body for postmortem to GMC. It was then handed over to his relatives. Sunil was a teacher at Sanjay school in Porvorim and was suffering from some ailments which the police feel led him to end his life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16317360", "title": "Maulana Azad National Urdu University (Manuu) Deccan studies centre to open on Sept. 11", "text": "HYDERABAD: Celebrated historian and writer, William Dalrymple will deliver an inaugural lecture on \"The Syncretic Civilization of the Deccan\" at the Maulana Azad National Urdu University (Manuu) on the occasion of opening of Haroon Khan Sherwani Centre for Deccan Studies. The centre is set for inauguration on September 11.The centre has been named after the renowned Indian historian, scholar, and author Haroon Khan Sherwani whose contributions to the study of the various aspects of the Deccan are considered great. The centre aims to facilitate scholars research on the states of Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Karnataka. The university will also webcast the event live on its website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16317369", "title": "9 held for firing in public", "text": "NOIDA: Gunshots rang out outside a liquor shop here early on Saturday after a drunk man apparently fired in the air to celebrate his birthday, police said. Nine men have been arrested; a revolver, cartridges and three cars have been seized. No one was hurt in the incident, police said.The incident was reported around 1am when a group of youths, in the age group of 22-30 years, had come to Noida to celebrate their friend's birthday. The group came to a liquor shop in the car accessories and repair market in Sector 28 late on Friday evening, police said. They parked their cars and drank late into the night. Suddenly, Gaurav Verma, whose birthday was being celebrated, pulled out his licensed revolver and fired five rounds in the air. Hearing the shots, people in the vicinity got scared and a melee ensued. Police took the men into custody. Five empty cartridges, five live cartridges and the licensed revolver were seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16317338", "title": "Nizam VII: The original grunge icon", "text": "Humanity has always displayed a fascination for the grotesque which has over the ages been exploited commercially by enterprising individuals in myriad forms. From local fairs to internationally renowned shows like the P T Barnum circus, all have thrived by capitalizing on this inexplicable latent desire of mankind. In individuals, this trait often manifests itself in a makeover of personal identity. The objective, almost always, is to draw the attention of fellow human beings through outlandish behavior, dressing, mannerisms and often, eye catching props.Grunge, the current fashion statement of youth, is said to have originated in the USA as the \"cultural intersection of music and poverty\". Very soon, in the true American spirit of enterprise, it was transformed into haute couture with the high and mighty of the fashion industry churning out collections of 'dirty' clothing for ready use by the affluent masses. For youngsters grunge ensured instant transformation and peer acceptance, for their parents it meant paying exorbitant rates for trash which made the kid look like a tramp. What appalled them most was that the stuff their kids chose at up-market stores was available on city foot-paths in the form of well used cast-offs.In Hyderabad of yesteryears the prime centre for such trade was opposite the office of the Milap newspaper, near Moazzam Jahi Market. Those who were careless in dress and grooming would be playfully chided by peers for turning up in a Milap outfit while elders would ironically complement the sloppy dresser on looking like the Nizam; for Mir Osman Ali Khan's dress sense in his later years certainly qualifies him as the original grunge icon. Thankfully few imitated his eccentric style and Hyderabad society, including his own children, remained insular to his appalling fashion dictates, stubbornly resisting the time honored tradition of imitating the ruler. They were quick to point out that the Nizam being one of the richest men in the world could get away with it, while lesser mortals could not.At Hyderabad, traditional events such as parades, circuses and games were augmented with quite a few activities brought along by the British. One of the most popular such activity in erstwhile Hyderabad was the fancy dress ball or costume party which provided reason enough for otherwise prim and proper men and women to don bizarre ensembles and resort to outrageous behavior in public. To this day the hilarious antics of some otherwise very well behaved individuals enlivens after-dinner conversations in the city and the most notorious lark relates to major-general Qadar Yar Jung of the erstwhile Hyderabad army.At one event, the diminutive and stocky Nawab turned up in the guise of Little Miss Muffet; frock, bonnet and all! Arraying a large bowl, he plunked down in a corner on a small stool and proceeded to slurp through the event, dipping often into the bowl with a large spoon. All were mystified at Miss Muffet's preoccupation with her curd and whey, which at best can never qualify as an epicurean delight. Mid way through the pageant, the Nawab fell of his precarious perch with a resounding crash. What left people amazed was that despite the jarring tumble, Miss Muffet lay prone on the ground snoring contentedly with a grim on her face and two very hairy legs sticking out into the air! The organizers discovered that the Nawab had polished off a full bottle of scotch neat, having emptied the contents in the bowl at the commencement of proceedings.Style statements often do distinguish personalities and should be considered a trait worthy of encouragement. The staff of Mahatma Gandhi , the sherwani with distinctive rose adornment of Jawaharlal Nehru and the fearsome mustaches of Field Marshall Sam Manekshaw were all extensions of their individual personalities and most of these associative symbols emerged through unconscious usage over prolonged periods of time and seem to have been unintentional, at least until they became iconic. M F Hussain's rendering of Mother Teresa , where the garment is the sole marker necessary to establish her identity and character and in evoking strong emotions in the viewer, is an outstanding example of associational representation and identity markers.So all ye youngsters; come to your senses. Denounce grunge and the dictates of cunning entrepreneurs. Come up with something else; outlandish: acceptable, funky: yes , rebellious: most certainly, provocative: maybe! But paying through your nose to achieve a weird look is plain stupidity. Then there is always the impending threat that your parents might start dressing like you; not by choice but by the ruin brought on by your fashion requirements. Oldies in grunge! Now that thought should be enough for you to spring into action. Imagine a city full of shabbily dressed Nizams!(The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16332363", "title": "Power continues to play truant", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Peeved over a two-day power cut and the subsequent non-availability of water and other utilities, the residents of Dariyabad, Meerapur, Nehru Nagar, Harsh Vardhan Nagar, Patel Nagar, Punjabi quarter and adjoining areas staged a protest at Kalyani Devi power station on Saturday.Power supply to the areas was disrupted after the rains on Friday.Sources said some fault in a transformer at Kalyani Devi station was responsible for these areas going without power for two days. After their stored water was used up, residents were seen queuing up at hand pipes installed in the area or making alternative arrangements.Power authorities meanwhile maintained that the technical problem would be rectified soon and power supply would be restored during evening hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16321730", "title": "You may get call from Facebook if profile identity is suspect", "text": "MUMBAI: Social networking giant Facebook is making a \"huge effort\" to weed out fake profiles to prevent misuse of such identities, a senior company official has said.\"Absolutely, there is a huge effort,\" Facebook India business manager Pavan Varma told PTI when asked about the company's action on this front.If Facebook doubts the ownership of an account, it will ask the user to identify himself/herself, he said.\"The doubt about the authenticity of the account will arise if an account has a generic name instead of a proper name, uses images of celebrities/ cartoon characters as display pictures, or does not have \"enough friends\", Varma said.\"It could even be that Facebook comes back to you saying, 'could you help us identify yourself if you don't have enough friends , because we don't want fake identities,\" he said.\"We are worried about the experience we deliver....It's not about protecting our brand identity so much,\" he said.Recently there were reports of fake accounts being created by computer programs, which are used for inflating the number of \"likes\" on Facebook page for a brand.Facebook had recently said it would be taking out fake \"likes\" generated by spammers, malware and black marketers.Varma said advertisers must also shed the obsession with numbers. \"How does an advertiser today treat a Facebook page? It is treated as a place where they just come with a number of people who are there. But that is a wrong way of doing it,\" he said, stressing that the conversations around the brand should assume importance rather than the numbers.Mere \"likes\" on the page do not help a brand, he said. Companies generally pay Facebook for a dedicated page on its platform that helps them connect with the target audience.IDBI Bank claims it has over five lakh fans on Facebook, Varma said, who was speaking to PTI on the sidelines of a banking summit.He added that Facebook, as a medium, is completely secure and cited the case of ICICI Bank , which now offers basic services over the Facebook page by integrating its net banking platform with the social networking site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16323215", "title": "Chiranjeevi to launch CGTR music", "text": "Here is some good news for all the Mega fans. The audio launch of Power Star Pawan Kalyan's upcoming flick Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu will take place on September 21. Well that's not all. Apparently the event will have Megastar Chiranjeevi as the chief guest, who will launch the music. That has really got all the fans excited, to see the superstar brothers on stage together for the first time since Gabbar Singh launch.Mani Sarma has composed the music for the movie. Baba Sehgal's song Power song on Pawan Kalyan has also been added to the track list. Two songs has been filmed so far and the rest are going to be completed by the end of this month. The movie directed by Puri Jagannath is gearing up for a huge release on October 11, in time for the Dussera vacation.Tamannah is playing the female lead in the movie touted to be a high voltage action entertainer. It is one of the most eagerly awaited films of the year and come September 21, Pawan Kalyan mania is going to be hitting a crescendo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16317116", "title": "UK shipping magnate returns to alma mater", "text": "KOLKATA: In 1964, when Ravi K Mehrotra left the Indian Maritime University (then Directorate of Marine Engineering and Training) in Kolkata, he was little more than a young marine engineer nursing dreams of making it big. In 2012, when he re-entered the campus, he had already made his alma mater proud.Over the last 48 years, Mehrotra has made it big. Today, he is owner of a shipping company worth US$1bn, all due to his own hard work. No wonder, everybody was all ears when the shipping magnate from England addressed students before releasing his book 'What's In It For You'. The book tells of Mehrotra's journey from just another marine engineer to the owner of a shipping company, that too in foreign shores.\"I promised myself not to return to my college before achieving something in life,\" said 71-year-old Mehrotra, in tears, while addressing the students and faculty. It was the city and the institute which provided him the opportunity to fulfil his dreams. It was also Kolkata where he had his first love affair, he recalled. Along with his autobiographical book, Mehrotra also brought an assurance to donate Rs 1 crore to the university for setting up an alumni association.\"Living in the landlocked city of Kanpur, the sea had never been a part of our consciousness. But to sea I wanted to go. It was an assurance that I would travel, see the world and expand my horizons,\" he wrote in his book. This was how he reached Kolkata in 1960 to study marine engineering.Born into a family of four brothers and two sisters, Mehrotra wanted to surpass the laurels of his economist father and brothers who were doctors and professors. Though his father passed away when he was just 10 years old, it did not deter the 'compulsive dreamer' from achieving his goals. He went from strength to strength and obtained the chief engineer's license at just 25 before serving in Iran and Mumbai.He earned fame as principal adviser on shipping to the Iranian government and worked closely with both the Shah of Iran and Ayatollah Khomeini. He was also the founder member of the Iran-o-Hind Shipping Company which was a joint venture between India and Iran, set up in 1975.He then wanted to turn into an entrepreneur, and in 1984, established his shipping company Foresight Ltd in London. The company which was built from a scratch is now worth US$1bn and was registered with the Lloyd's Register of Shipping Companies in 1994. In 2006, Mehrotra was awarded an honorary Commander of British Empire (CBE) by Queen Elizabeth II in recognition of his services to the shipping industry. He is also a visiting professor to the Cambridge University.In 2006, he started writing the book, but it took shape of an inspirational biography following an advice from a friend's daughter. \"The book is a product of hard work by many people. When I was asked about the venue for my book launch, I decided to come here finally. I want to give something back to my alma mater which gave me wings to fly when I was only 17,\" said Mehrotra.When asked if he remembers his roll number during his student days at the institute, he promptly replied, \"Roll number 693. Of course, I remember that. I also remember how badly we were ragged and when we nearly got rusticated for mischief.\"Mehrotra's professor remembers him as an inquisitive student who was always up to something. \"Ravi was a good student and always had a proper plan chalked out,\" said D K Sanyal, who was the institute's director in the 1960s.A family man, Mehrotra thanks his wife and the institute for shaping his destiny. \"I hope my book will guide the students here. If there is one message that I would like to give, that is to believe in taking risks and enjoying the journey, no matter what. Dream, plan and work sincerely,\" said Mehrotra who wants to set up an alumni association in the institute so that the students get support to fulfill their dreams of Rs 1 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16326429", "title": "Karnataka in a fix, looks to the sky", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka is hoping that the fading monsoon will revive and gather momentum and increase the inflows into the reservoirs in the Cauvery Basin. The concern is greater now with Tamil Nadu mounting pressure on the Centre through the apex court to direct Karnataka to release at least 2 tmcft of water per day from its reservoirs so that farmers there could commence samba cultivation.The Centre too has taken the issue seriously after it attracted the apex court's ire recently. It's planning to hold a meeting of the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) tentatively on September 19 or 20. The authority, which will be chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , has not met for nine years.There is little doubt that the storage position in the state's reservoirs especially under Cauvery basin is low and that there is a genuine issue of requiring water for the standing crop and drinking purposes. But the pressure on Karnataka will be strengthened with the recent statement of Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa that Karnataka's drought and water requirements should not come in the way of water sharing among riparian states.However, Karnataka it would appear would rather not go against political sentiments in the state, particularly with the elections round the corner.Curiously, Karnataka has refrained from taking resort to the distress clause ((under which distress will have to be shared by both states) before approaching CRA. We are yet to crystallise our views on invoking the distress clause. We are waiting and watching. We are expecting more rain. Otherwise both states will have to share the problem of shortage of water,\" said water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai.When water is not available in Kodagu (where the Cauvery originates), how can we give water to Tamil Nadu?'' said former CM DV Sadananda Gowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16318209", "title": "Akhilesh to meet Didi to mend ties", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will meet his Bengal counterpart Mamata Banerjee during his two-day visit to Kolkata for the Samajwadi Party's national executive on September 12 and 13. The party hopes to use the first meeting between the two CMs as an ice-breaker after SP-Trinamool ties nosedived following Mulayam Singh Yadav's \"snub\" of the Bengal leader on the presidential elections.More than 30 other SP leaders, including Mulayam Singh Yadav, have confirmed their participation in the meeting slated to be held in Salt Lake area. \"As I have not seen the CM's itinerary, I cannot say when and where he will meet Mamata, but a meeting will take place,\" SP spokesman Rajendra Chaudhary said.About the reason behind choosing Kolkata as venue, Chaudhary said this was the fourth time that SP's national executive was being held there. \"Kolkata was the venue for us in 1993, 1996 and 2010,\" he said. Although the agenda of the national executive is not yet final, the focus would be 2014 elections, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16321821", "title": "Miraculous escape: Woman gets stuck between moving train and platform, survives", "text": "SURAT: In a miraculous escape, a 41-year-old woman survived even after coming under a moving train for a few minutes at Surat railway station.Selvaraj and his wife Venila had gone to the railway station to drop their son who had to catch the Secunderabad Express from platform number 3.The couple boarded the train to check if their son had got a proper seat. Meanwhile, the train started and the couple had to rush out in a hurry.While trying to deboard, both slipped into the gap between the train and platform.Suresh Virani, another traveller, present on the spot immediately pulled Selvaraj out of the gap while Venila remained stuck there as the train moved.Since her position was awkward, she was advised to stay in the gap till the train stopped.A passenger on the train, who saw the incident, pulled the chain. But as the train had gained speed, it stopped only after eight coaches had moved past Venila.As the train stopped, she was pulled out by travellers present on the spot and taken to the rest area.Shocked by the incident, the couple was unable to speak for a while.They were unable to believe that they had survived the fall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318527", "title": "What lies beneath the Antarctic", "text": "Twelve British scientists are about to embark on a gruelling expedition to the Antarctic , sleeping and living packed together in small tents for months on end, testing their endurance of the conditions -\u2014 and one another \u2014 in a quest to uncover a lost world frozen beneath the ice for thousands of years.Their search for microbial lifeforms will take them to the darkest depths of an Antarctic lake that has been buried under three kilometres of ice.The British team will later this year start to drill through the thick ice sheet of West Antarctica to retrieve samples of water and mud from Lake Ellsworth, one of about 150 subglacial lakes in the frozen continent. The pioneering expedition , which is led by the British Antarctic Survey and is being closely monitored by Nasa as a template for a future space mission to an ice-bound moon of Jupiter, is one of the most ambitious attempts ever to find \"extremophile \" microbes living in the harshest conditions.Scientists believe that if life does exist in the lake, it has been isolated for up to half a million years. Although no sunlight has ever penetrated the lake during this time, microbes could be living off other sources of chemical energy.Lake Ellsworth exists because geothermal heat from the ground melts the underside of the ice sheet, leading to liquid water gathering in a subglacial valley the size of Lake Windermere, hermetically sealed from the atmosphere by the ice sheet sitting on top of it.Planning the \u00a38m mission has been a logistical and engineering nightmare, involving the transport of 100 tonnes of equipment to one of the remotest places on the planet where summer temperatures hover around -25 C.\"This is an incredibly exciting and terrifying time for us. There is nothing small about what we are doing, the scale is phenomenal ,\" said Chris Hill, the mission's programme manager.\"This time last year a small 'advance party' transported nearly 70 tonnes of equipment 16,000km from the UK to the drilling site. One year later, we will ship another 26 tonnes of equipment so we can complete stage two of this challenging field mission,\" Hill told the British Science Festival in Aberdeen. \"We set foot on the ice again in October and hope to bring samples to the surface in December 2012.\"The team of 12 men consists of four scientists, five engineers, a programme manager, a camp manger (who does the cooking) and a cameraman to record everything for the media.They will sleep in three four-man tents specially designed as \"weather havens\" . There will also be a living room tent for eating and cooking and an \"office tent\" at the drilling site.Everything taken to the site will be shipped out again, even the human waste, to keep the area pristine. The men will have books, magazines, a DVD player and internet access to entertainment them for the two a half months of the exploration. \"Anyone with strength enough to go cross-country skiing will be able to do so, but most people at the end of the day are so exhausted they just want to eat and go to bed,\" said Hill.The water and mud samples will be brought to the surface and provisionally analysed on site, with the first results coming just before Christmas.\"If there is life in the lake we will know pretty much immediately and we will tell people about it,\" said Prof Martin Siegert of Bristol Univeristy, the mission's principal investigator . \"Finding life in a lake that could have been isolated for up to half a million years is an exciting prospect.\" --THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16316865", "title": "Friday massacre planned", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police claim they have strong leads that show that the Swaroop Nagar shooting didn't happen on the spur of the moment but was meticulously planned and executed. On Friday, friends Rajveer and Manish killed one Jyoti (Manish's love interest), Usha (Rajveer's love interest) and Khushi (Rajveer's daughter), and wounded Rajveer's wife Pooja, his daughter Rashi and brother Krishan. Later, Rajveer shot himself dead while Manish critically wounded himself.Police said the killings were meticulous as the duo didn't fire at anyone who came in their way. \"They did not shoot at Krishan's wife, nor at a girl named Divya, who was sitting with Jyoti when Manish shot her dead. In fact, Manish had asked her to run away. The duo also did not fire at one Raju, a tent contractor, who saw them attacking Krishan. It was Raju who informed our beat constable Ashok about the duo roaming on a bike; but since there were three separate PCR calls at 4.40 pm, 4.50 pm and 4.52 pm, our boys could not link the three incidents immediately,\" said an officer.Police suspect there were three reasons behind the killings: Rajveer's property dispute with Krishan, Manish's one-sided love with Jyoti and Rajveer's with Usha, and both Rajveer and Manish's frustration after being disowned by their parents.Both Rajveer and Manish knew each other for a long time but became good friends about seven months ago. \"Rajveer and his two other brothers were based in Delhi and were transporters; two other brothers were based in Bangalore. Until five months ago, Krishan and his parents stayed with Rajveer; but Krishan bought a piece of land for Rs 97 lakh and both brothers fell out with each other. Krishan moved out soon after and his parents followed him. Rajveer could never agree to his parents' decision,'' said a source.Around this time, Rajveer began pestering Usha for marriage, much to her dislike. \"She and her family members asked him to stay away from her since he was already married. He didn't like it,\" said Sanjay Yadav, Usha's family friend and neighbour.Rajveer found out that Manish was a frequent visitor to Usha's home being next door neighbours. He asked him to push his case. So Manish and Jyoti tried to convince Usha to accept Rajveer until she was irked to the point that she complained to Manish's parents and stopped him from calling on her.Meanwhile, Pooja didn't approve of her husband's romantic leaning for Usha. She often fought with Rajveer over this and Rajveer was very angry.Amid all this, Manish's love story saw a twist when he learnt that Jyoti had got engaged to someone else and was getting married on February 1, 2013. He had been involved with her for a year and a half and the news came as a shocker to him. Jyoti's family, though, claimed that Manish mistook a \"simple friendship\" as an affair. Manish, meanwhile, was thrown out of his home by his family for being unemployed.All of this troubled both Rajveer and Manish and together they decided to eliminate all those people who had made them unhappy in life. Rajveer used his contacts in the Sanjay Gandhi Transport authority and procured two .32 bore pistols and a country-made gun and over 40 rounds of ammunition. Police said the duo fired 18 rounds before shooting themselves.\"It is yet to be ascertained whether Manish was injured in Rajveer's firing or tried to kill himself,\" said DCP P Karunakaran. Rajveer's wife is not well enough to give a statement. Manish, meanwhile, continues to be critical; however, nobody from his family has come to see him, TOI learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16316901", "title": "Student punished, barred from next five semesters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) gave exemplary punishment when a student was debarred from the current exam and not allowed to appear for exams for the next five semesters. The student was one of the rare cases of an examinee sitting in the exam with a knife in his pocket. The student from Rajkot was caught sitting in the exam hall with a knife. When caught, the student threatened to hurt the supervisor!\"Such a student cannot be let off easily as this kind of violent behaviour is rare and cannot be tolerated in the GTU exam halls\", an examination reform committee member said. In all, 162 students of degree, diploma engineering and MBA and MCA courses were given out punishment.These included 27 students of degree engineering, 132 students of diploma engineering and one students each of MBA and MCA. The punishments include 64 students being barred from the exam in which they were caught copying along with not being allowed to appear for one semester. 84 students' current exam result was cancelled and will not be allowed to appear for next two semester exams while 3 students will not be allowed to appear for three semester exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16317457", "title": "TDP leader Vallabhaneni Vamsi files implead plea", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Upset with the failure of the state government in submitting a reply in high court, TDP leader Vallabhaneni Vamsi said he has gone for an implead petition on the PIL filed by Telangana leaders seeking restraint on release of water from Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar dams for the Krishna delta area. Vamsi said he was forced to file the petition as the government did not respond to the crisis situation in the delta region.Vamsi on Saturday said that his petition had pushed the government into a corner as it had to file a reply on the situation in high court by Monday. He said that while a group led by former engineer R Vidyasagar Rao and TRS MLA Jupalli Krishna Rao had obtained a stay on water release from Srisailam through a petition, another group from Nalgonda had got a stay on the release of water from Nagarjunasagar as well.\"The case came up for hearing before the HC at least thrice after the PILs were filed by the Telangana leaders but the state government failed to represent the facts before the court,\" he criticized.He said that the crops standing on over 13 lakh acres of land spread across four districts were facing a serious threat due to the non-release of water.tnn He pleaded that the water releases from projects was merely an administrative decision and there was no need to influence the move. He demanded the state government come out with facts at least now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16317274", "title": "Ex-official, accomplice held for defrauding bank", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The principal special judge for CBI ( Central Bureau of Investigation ) cases, Visakhapatnam, has convicted a former SBI (State Bank of India ) manager of Bhimadole branch, West Godavari and his accomplice to five years imprisonment each for having conspired to defraud the bank in excessof Rs 70 lakhs resulting in a total loss of Rs 1.2 crore to the bank. The order was delivered by the special court in Visakhapatnam on Friday.The accused, Prakhya Satyavadan, former manager of SBI Bhimadole branch and Katragudda Srinivasa Rao, proprietor Hitech Diary at Singavaram Village, West Godavari were first taken into custody by the CBI sleuths on July 24 2002 when cases were filed against the two for plotting to gain a loan against forged documents as collateral.The two conspirators have also been fined a sum of Rs 5,000 each for the charges they have been booked under and were immediately sent to Central Prison in Visakhapatnam to serve their prison terms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16317834", "title": "NRB Vasco net Serb", "text": "PANAJI: May be all this talk of NRB Vasco springing back to life is indeed true.The club has been handed a lifeline after NRB rescued them with a major sponsorship, and now with funds available, the club has started to build a decent squad for the season.Brazilian striker Bruno Figueiredo has already started training with the team and two Nigerians are expected to join next week. But of particular interest to NRB Vasco supporters will be the club's capture of Serbian coach, Davor Berber.The NRB Vasco project will be Berber's first in India but the Serbian is no alien to South Asia. Berber is a recognizable face in Bangladesh where he was assistant to Zoran Djordjevic - yes, Zoran of Churchill Brothers fame - and has also been the chief coach of the championship-winning Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi Club.\"Berber's record has been good in Bangladesh. When he was with the national team, Bangladesh became SAFF Cup champions after more than 12 years.\"Bangladesh won the tournament without conceding a goal and we have positive reports about him,\" said a senior NRB Vasco official.A UEFA 'A' licensed coach, Berber, 35, is also understood to have done well with Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi Club. Initially joining the club as assistant to Zoran Kraljevic, Berber eventually was the go-to man at the club and had a crucial role to play in the team's title triumph in the league and a place in the final of the knockout competition.His other assignments include FC Radnicki-NB (Serbia) and FC Deren ( Mongolia ).The Serbian coach is expected to join NRB Vasco next week.Royal test for VascoNRB Vasco will have to tackle Royal Wahingdoh and Bengal's Kalighat Milan Sangha to progress to the main draw of the Federation Cup.Vasco have been draw in group two of the qualifiers and will open their campaign against Kalighat Milan Sangha at the JRD Sports Complex in Jamshedpur on September 14.Six teams have been split into two groups with the top team in each group qualifying for the Federation Cup proper. The other group includes Mohammedan Sporting Club, Aizawl FC and HAL.Chirag United Kerala have opted out of the qualifiers.Fixtures (group 2): Sept 12: Kalighat vs Royal Wahingdoh; Sept 14: NRB Vasco vs Kalighat; Sept 16: NRB Vasco vs Royal Wahingdoh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317515", "title": "Store record to domestic help: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the Ghatkopar murder, the police have highlighted that the 62-year-old victim, Daksha Daftary, did not maintain any record of the 40-year-old househelp-prime suspect in the case-whom she had hired just 20 days before the crime. The victim also did not pay heed to the oft-repeated police warning that a large sum of money or valuables must not be kept at home and lockers should not be opened in front of domestic help.Additional commissioner of police (east region) Quaiser Khalid said their attempts to get domestic help registered with the local police have failed. \"Daftary's case is an example of negligence. She hired the woman without getting or maintaining her detailed information; she did not even have her photograph. The victim's husband had also seen the suspect only once recently after she was hired the second time round.\"Khalid said there was no closed-circuit television (CCTV) in the society and only one security guard appointed who was loaded with other household work and washing of vehicles. \"No visitors' log book was maintained,\" he said.\"We have made several attempts to create awareness about registering domestic help with us. Unfortunately, there have still been cases of elderly murders in the recent past where the domestic help turns out to be the accused,\" said joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy.Roy said the other issue is that several residential complexes have no security gadgets or even guards. \"Those who hire domestic help should not show valuables to them,\" he said.In the past, the police have undertaken a door-to-door campaign and got more than 4,000 domestic helps registered in the eastern suburbs, but the residents still hesitate to take the initiative on their own.TOI tried to speak with the victim's family members on Saturday but in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16316466", "title": "Want to coach India but HI won't let me: Dhanraj Pillay", "text": "CHENNAI: For more than a decade Dhanraj Pillay was the biggest name in Indian hockey. One of the modern greats and arguably the best player of his generation, Pillay has never been one to mince words, something that has not changed years after retiring from the international stage.With Indian hockey struggling to come out of a rut, the former India skipper - now coach of the Air India team taking part in the ongoing All India MCC-Murugappa Gold Cup - believes a clean-up job needs to be done if Indian hockey has to progress.\"There's too much politics in Indian hockey today. This has to change. We've got two federations and decisions are not made in the interest of the nation. It really needs to be cleaned up if we dream of making the next Olympics,\" Pillay told the TOI on Saturday.Pillay said he was enjoying his new role as a coach and expressed his aspirations to coach India if given a chance. \"I dream of coaching my country. If I ever got the chance I would definitely take it. I don't think I will be offered the chance because HI will never let it happen,\" Pillay signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318821", "title": "Police to set up underground control room", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Being a city that is situated very close to an international border and anticipating chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear (CBRN) attacks by various terrorist outfits, Chandigarh police is all set to establish an underground control room, just on the lines of Indian Army.Even Chandigarh's director general of police P K Srivastava, while addressing media, had also impressed upon the need to strengthen police infrastructure to tackle any kind of future CBRN attack.Police are taking the help of National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) and they are also consulting various other central agencies to set-up an underground control room. Police said presence of western command headquarters and air force station in the city; make this area more vulnerable to any kind of such attack.\"We have started working on setting-up an underground police control room. Police is always first to counter any attack and it is necessary to have such facility in Chandigarh, which is so close to Pakistan border and is a transit point while going to national capital,\" said a senior police official declining to be named.\"We are evaluating all pros and cons and our talks are on with NDMA, whose officials have already visited two-three probable sites, where this underground control room could be established. In case of any emergency or CBRN attack, senior officials could meet at this control room to hold meetings and to decide further strategies,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "on the first sunday morning of every month, popular bangalore open-air restaurant under the mango tree plays host to the city's dog-lovers. some bring their beloved pets along, while others come to interact with others' pets \u2014 mainly dogs of every shape, size and breed \u2014 that grace the occasion . while under the mango tree \u2014 utmt for its owners and patrons \u2014 is one of bangalore's few but increasingly more common petfriendly restaurants, this sunday breakfast is special, for not only do pet-owners get to enjoy a lavish spread in a convivial atmosphere, there is a special breakfast for the four-legged guests as well", "code": "16319195", "title": "Pooch nahin to kuchh nahin", "text": "On the first Sunday morning of every month, popular Bangalore open-air restaurant Under the Mango Tree plays host to the city's dog-lovers. Some bring their beloved pets along, while others come to interact with others' pets \u2014 mainly dogs of every shape, size and breed \u2014 that grace the occasion . While Under the Mango Tree \u2014 UTMT for its owners and patrons \u2014 is one of Bangalore's few but increasingly more common petfriendly restaurants, this Sunday breakfast is special, for not only do pet-owners get to enjoy a lavish spread in a convivial atmosphere, there is a special breakfast for the four-legged guests as well: ranging from the exotic (steamed chicken dim sums) to the healthy (ragi balls, broken wheat balls with chicken, mince meat balls) to comfort food (milk and biscuits, milk and bread). The pet food is made using healthy ingredients , and is oil and sugar-free .It's not just UTMT. Taj Vivanta has also opened its Sunday brunch to pet dogs once a month and offers such treats for four-legged guests as steamed meatballs, steamed vegetarian balls, sausages and biscuits.\"We started the Breakfast with Pets' event about a year ago, and it's been very encouraging so far. On the first Sunday, 23 dogs turned up with their owners but we try and restrict the number of pets to about 12-15 as the space we have is limited,\" says Nirmala Balakrishnan who runs UTMT and is the proud owner of a two-year-old pug. \"We realised there were very few places that would allow us to dine out with our dog, and we hated leaving her behind. That's where we got the idea of not just being pet-friendly but creating an event when owners could hang out with their own pets and others' ,\" says Balakrishnan.There has never been a better time to indulge your pets. Not only is the market flooded with branded pet food of every variety, the latest must-have is gourmet food and baked products for the lucky dogs.In Bangalore's busy CBD area, Ridhima Coelho and husband Sandeep Atmaram run their pet store Paws, a popular treasure trove for the city's dog lovers for a huge variety of mostly imported pet toys, grooming essentials, bowls and plates, training equipment and recliners and beds. The owners of Paws also run the 'Barkery' \u2014 a special bakery for making canine treats. \"We realised that dog-owners were increasingly suspicious of mass-produced treats that contain unhealthy additives and preservatives. Our own dog has a skin allergy and is gluten-intolerant , and we started by making treats for him,\" says Ridhima.The Barkery today makes cookies in various flavours such as chicken, chicken liver, bacon and cheese and even some like pumpkin and peanut butter and cheese and flaxseed for vegetarian dogs. Their carrot biscuits are also equally popular, as are the bagels and range of cupcakes. \"We try and avoid maida as far as possible and make most of our treats with whole wheat,\" says Coelho. Demands for birthday cakes for pets has also been on the rise, she says, and the Barkery turns out an average of four cakes a day, the most popular being the 'meatloaf cake' stuffed with chicken and vegetables .Priya Kulkarni, who runs Bone Appetite, calls her job \"baking for our best friend\" . A made-to-order bakery for dogs \u2014 they bake only when they receive an order \u2014 Bone Appetite also uses healthy ingredients in its treats like wheat germ and flax seeds, peanut butter, pure honey, cheddar cheese, whole wheat flour, oats, oat bran and fresh fruits and vegetables.On the menu are cakes, such as whole wheat pumpkin, peanut butter, chicken and carrot, and apple-wholewheat-ragi , 'poodle pasta' made of whole-wheat spaghetti, meatloafs, apple pie, cookies, muffins and doughnuts. \"Although we don't use sugar in any of our recipes, we do add a little honey just for flavouring at times. The treats are so tasty that my partner's daughter often ends up devouring them,\" says Kulkarni .Although Bone Appetite is based in Bangalore , it accepts online orders and delivers across India. \"We also create gift hampers for dogs, with some edible treats, chews and toys. People look at pets as part of the family, and like to gift them something just as they would take chocolates for the kids,\" says Kulkarni.Pupcakes, another Bangalore-based bakery for pets, creates healthy treats for dogs \"with flavour inputs from dogs and nutritional inputs from humans\" . This small, home-run bakery specialises in customising treats if customers ' dogs have allergies or special dietary needs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16332385", "title": "Hay Festival may edit out Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It was an edifying moment for Kerala when the organizers of the Hay Festival announced two years ago that the event would be an annual fixture in India's literature calendar.But now, they appear to be struggling to find sponsors to glue the mega event together, and are considering taking it to Bangalore.K Sanjoy Roy, MD, Teamwork Productions, the festival's event manager, said Hay may have to give Kerala a miss this year although the dates of the festival have been announced on the website as November 8-10.\"We need to raise Rs 1.5 crore immediately. Our title sponsor had committed to the festival for two years, but pulled out at the last moment. We had to make do with foreign patrons like Barclays for the last two editions. It is difficult to carry on without local sponsors. We do not want to dilute the festival by running it on a low budget. Someone has shown an interest in sponsoring the event in Kerala, I am keeping my fingers crossed and will take a call mid-next week. Otherwise, we will have to hold it in Bangalore next March,\" Roy said.Hay Festival, aptly described as 'Woodstock of the mind', had brought on that fancy feeling to the city dwellers here, especially as everything was free - gala dinners and cultural evenings at five star hotels where one could hobnob with the likes of Sting and Germaine Greer. But not everyone was charmed. There was a grouse about vernacular writers being ignored. So last year's edition had a little something for local writers, politicians and even children. And it appeared that the literary bubble had managed to trap the right amount of air, except that a few repeat advertisers were crabby when they realized that there was no brand recall.\"Our brand recall informed that Hay is bigger than the sponsor. There is no activation or brand engagement and our company's logo was just one among the multitude printed on the flex-standees,\" said an official of one of the sponsors of the last edition of the festival.But one need not lose hope just yet. Sashi Tharoor , the Thiruvananthapuram MP, who was instrumental in bringing Hay to Kerala, said: \"Search for sponsors is still ongoing[sic]!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317789", "title": "Poison that killed Fiza also found in Rehab", "text": "MUMBAI: Saturday's revelation that Anuradha Bali alias Fiza, the former wife of Haryana politician Chander Mohan, died of aluminium phosphide poisoning throws up the sharp contrast between that investigation and the one by the police in the twin deaths of Rameez and Rehab Chougle in Versova.Mohali police acted with alacrity after finding the badly decomposed body on August 6. They preserved evidence and ensured that the viscera was preserved, despite Fiza's tenuous links to the son of former Haryana CM Bhajan Lal.Not finding a suicide note, they examined samples of liquor, soda, water and eatables. Three separate packages were sent for analysis, one bearing her viscera, the second food particles that she had consumed, and the third pieces of glass, a bottle and drops of liquor. A separate board was formed at Kharar laboratory to examine each package. Each board had three analysts.Versova police inspected the Chougles' residence four days after the deaths and found traces of a \"grey powder\". Neither were their food samples nor clothes preserved. There are claims that a proper postmortem was not conducted. Recently, DCP Pratap Dighavkar wrote to the homoeopathic council urging action against Dr A M Momin, who wrote Rameez's death certificate, \"because the media had expressed lack of faith in the police.\"Legal experts say the police should have collected evidence at once. But sources close to the Cooper coroner said, \"Rehab's stomach was empty because her stomach wash had been taken in hospital. Also the cop wrote that he did not suspect poisoning. How does it matter if the viscera was not preserved? Anyway, her stomach wash did prove phosphine poisoning.\"Two months later, the police are waiting to exhume the bodies after the current spell of rains ends. Still, there is hope.Incidentally former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's body will be exhumed to probe death by poison eight years after his demise.*******************************Mumbai: Saturday's revelation that Anuradha Bali alias Fiza, the former wife of Haryana politician Chander Mohan, died of aluminium phosphide poisoning throws up the sharp contrast between that investigation and the one by Versova police in the twin deaths of Rameez and Rehab Chougle in Versova.Mohali police acted with alacrity after finding the badly decomposed body August 6. They preserved evidence and ensured the viscera was preserved, despite Fiza's tenuous links to the son of former Haryana CM Bhajan Lal.Not finding a suicide note, they examined samples of liquor, soda, water and eatables. Three separate packages were sent for analysis, one bearing her viscera, the second food particles that she had consumed, and the third pieces of glass, a bottle and drops of liquor. A separate board was formed at Kharar laboratory to examine each package. Each board had three analysts.Versova police inspected the Chougles' residence four days after the deaths and found traces of a \"grey powder\". Neither were their food samples or clothes preserved nor a proper post mortem conducted. Recently, DCP Pratap Dighavkar wrote to the homoeopathic council urging action against Dr A M Momin, who wrote Rameez's death certificate, \"because the media had expressed lack of faith in the police.\"Legal experts say the police should have collected evidence at once. But sources close to the Cooper coroner defend him saying, \"Rehab's stomach was empty because her stomach wash had been taken in hospital. Also the police officer wrote that he did not suspect poisoning. And how does it matter if the viscera was not preserved? Anyway, her stomach wash did prove phosphine poisoning.\"Two months later, Versova police is waiting to exhume the bodies after the current spell of rains ends. Still, there is hope. Former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat''s body will be exhumed to probe death by poison eight years after his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "christopher soghoian is a man on a mission to expose how governments and private companies misuse or casually handle the data they collect from users. but his work has its risks. after he found security loopholes that allowed people in the us to generate fake boarding passes, the fbi hounded him for over a month. soghoian, who is currently the principal technologist and a senior policy analyst with american civil liberties union , tells javed anwer that many communication companies are helping governments spy on their own people", "code": "16312999", "title": "'I will not trust Facebook with my data'", "text": "Christopher Soghoian is a man on a mission to expose how governments and private companies misuse or casually handle the data they collect from users. But his work has its risks. After he found security loopholes that allowed people in the US to generate fake boarding passes, the FBI hounded him for over a month. Soghoian, who is currently the principal technologist and a senior policy analyst with American Civil Liberties Union , tells Javed Anwer that many communication companies are helping governments spy on their own people:You have said that US companies aid in surveillance across the world. Does it mean they sell technology that enable filters like Great Firewall of China or do they share user data with governments?Well, it depends on the company and their market. Communications companies (email providers, search engines, social networks and phone companies) are required by law to provide assistance to governments. The legal standards for when they will hand over this data vary by country and the data requested. In some places, an order signed by an independent judge is required, while in other countries, a request from the police is enough. However, as a general rule, many technology companies tend to ignore requests from governments in countries where they do not have an office. In the case of India, most technology companies seem to have offices there.There is also a growing industry of companies that sell surveillance technology permitting the government to spy on their own citizens (and also people in other countries, in the case of international espionage). These companies sell communications intercept equipment and spyware or other hacking tools. One company on my radar right now is Septier, an Israeli surveillance vendor that sells \"off the air\" cellular phone intercept equipment similar to the kind used in recent wiretapping scandals in India. Their only offices outside Israel are two offices in India. These surveillance companies sell their products to governments around the world, and their capabilities are truly terrifying.Given how these technologies are used, don't you think western countries like the US should forbid their companies from selling their tools to governments across the world?While western companies (and governments) may have had an advantage, and even exclusive access to surveillance technologies in the past, this is no longer the case. There are surveillance companies in India, China, Russia, producing top quality surveillance technology domestically, which they sell on the global market.However, I do think it is extremely short sighted for western governments to permit the sale of surveillance technologies that can then be pointed back at them and used to spy on their own citizens. While US companies can sell tanks in the Middle East without any real fear that those tanks will end up back on US soil, the same is not true for surveillance software. Where do companies like Facebook, Google, Apple and Microsoft stand? After all, they have data in which governments are interested.These firms all assist governments in spying on their customers. The big difference among them is the degree of transparency. Apple is secretive (not a surprise, as it is secretive in all areas), and will not really discuss the scale of requests it receives or the kind of assistance if can provide.Facebook is generally pretty open, and even has its law enforcement handbook online. However, the one negative with this company is that it won't publish statistics on the number of requests it receives. Google publishes fairly detailed statistics on the number of requests it receives from different governments, but the company is highly secretive when probed on the specific legal standards the company follows before handing over different types of data. Microsoft has not released statistics, but will generally talk to privacy advocates about their standards and policies.I personally find it more pleasant to deal with Facebook's lawyers than any other company in this list. However, I still won't trust them with my data. Twitter is by far the most transparent and pro privacy of the big technology companies. They are about as good as you can hope for.Do backdoors exist? For example, Julian Assange has claimed that Facebook is a spy machine for the US government...There is a big difference between a backdoor and a conspiracy.Do I think that Facebook intentionally collects data at the behest of the FBI or another US government agency? No. Do I think that US law enforcement and intelligence agencies get to benefit from Facebook's commercially motivated retention of vast amounts of private data? Certainly.Facebook is now one of the most useful resources for divorce lawyers, but we don't go around accusing Facebook of secretly being a spy machine for the divorce lawyer industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16320086", "title": "Isro's 100th mission: PSLV-C21 puts 2 foreign satellites in orbit", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian space odyssey crossed a historic landmark on Sunday when a Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV-C21) put in orbit two foreign satellites.It marked the 100th space mission of the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) which started the journey in 1975 with the launch of its first satellite 'Aryabhata.'Among those who watched the majestic rocket lift off from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota, 100km north of Chennai, was Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .At the end of a 51-hour countdown that started on Friday, PSLV-C21 lifted off at 9.53am. After 17 minutes and 49 seconds, it injected the first satellite, the French SPOT-6, into orbit. Soon, the second satellite, the Japenese Proiteres was put in orbit. There were, however, some anxious moments when the trajectory on the giant screens at the mission control room showed the rocket's blip deviate slightly midflight, which appeared to have been corrected later.Scientists cheered and shook hands as the mission was pronounced a success and the Prime Minister congratulated the scientists. \"India is justly proud of its space scientists who have overcome many odds to develop our own technology for space missions,\" he said.It was PSLV's 21st consecutively successful flight. PSLV-C21 is India's 38th satellite launch vehicle to lift off from Sriharikota. India has so far put in orbit 62 Indian satellites. The two numbers add up the century that Isro celebrated on Sunday.Besides buttressing its technological mastery, Isro, with its latest launch, has cemented its place in among the space-faring nations as a sought-after commercial launcher. Isro's commercial arm Antrix Corporation has received several requests from foreign countries to launch their satellites for a price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16316982", "title": "American Gujarati in 'shock city'", "text": "When Howard Spodek talks about Ahmedabad, it is difficult to tell whether you are looking at the city through the eyes of an American professor of history taking a dispassionate view, or a naturalized Amdavadi who sees the city as his second home. After all, he is just two years short of completing 50 years of association with Ahmedabad, having come here almost every year since 1964 and studied its past and present in detail.With his recently published book 'Ahmedabad - Shock City of Twentieth-Century India', one gets the impression that he would like to be called an insider who is analyzing his second home objectively.Insider or outsider, there is no denying that Spodek, who first came to Ahmedabad as a bright-eyed 23-year-old Fulbright scholar, has made a lifelong commitment to the city. In 1964, he was tasked with teaching English to Gujaratis. Fifty years on, this professor of Temple University , Philadelphia, is one of the few Americans fluent in Gujarati. He can be seen animatedly talking to Amdavadi autorickshaw drivers and owners of roadside tea stalls in their own tongue.His latest book chronicles how Ahmedabad witnessed many of India's most important historical developments first and \"with the greatest intensity\", whether it was Mahatma Gandhi's politics, the birth and boom of the textile, chemical and pharmaceutical industries, impact of globalization or communal violence.He admits that when he first set foot in the city 48 years ago, he did not even know that Ahmedabad had been Mahatma Gandhi's home for 15 years from where he launched the freedom struggle. But the more he stayed, the more he fell in love with the place and the people.The most fascinating aspect for him then was how Ahmedabad, of all major cities in the country at the time, was the least influenced by foreigners.\"Take Bombay, Delhi, Calcutta, Chennai, Bangalore or Hyderabad - all had been influenced by their colonial rulers and many have a strong presence of foreigners even today,\" he says. \"Ahmedabad, however, had not been touched by foreigners. Even the British had negligible presence here. Of course, they were present in the cantonment, but did not influence the city's life.\"In the 1960s, the city was still a very exotic place, where people sat around after dinner, singing traditional songs for entertainment. The walled city was still the vortex around which all life revolved. Then, it was an exotic place for Spodek. Today, it is shock city.The term 'shock city' was first used by British historian Asa Briggs for Manchester for riding the industrial revolution wave and transforming England in more ways than one. For Briggs, a shock city \"was a centre of problems, particularly ethnic and social problems and it provoked sharply differing reactions from visitors\". Ahmedabad and Manchester, of course, go back a long way, with Ahmedabad earning the nickname 'Manchester of the East' in the early part of the 20th century for the boom in the textile industry.Gandhi making Ahmedabad his home and transforming it into his laboratory for the freedom struggle was one of many historical shocks that Ahmedabad produced for the rest of the country. Spodek documents how, after independence, the city became one of the most industrialized in the country. In the 1960s, \"Ahmedabad's 1,33,000 textile workers were 10 per cent of the city's total population, about one-third of its total male population. About an equal number worked in ancillary industries. No city in India had a more industrialized labour force.\"Spodek goes on to describe the Navnirman Movement of 1974-75, which forced Chimanbhai Patel to resign as chief minister. Prime Minister Indira Gandhi had then feared a similar protest against her government and declared Emergency. Gujarat was also called the 'laboratory of Hindutva' after the BJP came to power in the 1990s. It has also seen some of the worst communal riots in recent history.Interestingly, Spodek does not see chief minister Narendra Modi's Sadabhavana Mission as hypocritical or bad. \"One can't regulate what people think, but one can regulate one's behaviour,\" he adds. \"Public behaviour has to be civil.\" He is happy to see the political discourse in Gujarat focus on development, \"but what is the nature of that development? Who does it include and who does it exclude?\"But the question really is - can Ahmedabad be India's shock city in the future as well? It is already taking the lead in city planning with a range of infrastructure projects like the Sabarmati riverfront, the Bus Rapid Transit System or the proposed metro, feels Spodek. \"The city's middle class can be the leaders,\" he says. \"By doing their job well, they can bring about change in the manner in which the city is governed. If you have leadership in a group of professionals who look at the city as a whole, you may begin to make a change in the manner in which a city is governed. It will depend on how well these professionals handle political pressure when it is needed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16319144", "title": "State will be integrated with central grid by \u201914", "text": "BANGALORE: Here is some good news for power-starved Karnataka . The state, along with other south Indian states, will be integrated with the central grid by 2014.This will check long power outages in southern states, said Pramod Dev, chairman of Central Regulatory Electricity Commission. \"Suppose there is a major power shutdown, the central grid will automatically supply power to the state once it is integrated. Tamil Nadu for instance produces excess wind power which can be diverted,'' he said.Union minister for power and corporate affairs M Veerappa Moily on Saturday said the allocation under Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission has been increased by ten fold from 430 million dollars to 4.6 billion dollars in order to achieve the national goal of generating 20,000 MW solar power.It's more powerEnergy Minister Shobha Karandlaje said that with the commissioning of 400 KV line in Shanthigrama near Hassan on September 12, Bangalore and surrounding cities would get more power as it would pave way for transmission of 1,100 MW additional power, 600 MW from Udupi and 500 MW from Bellary Thermal power project-II . The solar panels installed at the roof top of the building have the capacity to generate 7.6 kilowatt power daily .It was installed at a cost of about Rs 16-17 lakhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16321610", "title": "Youth rescued from Tapi river after attempting suicide", "text": "SURAT: A 35-year-old youth Rajesh Ramkhilavan, who tried to commit suicide in the overflowing Tapi river on Saturday, was rescued by alert fishermen on a fishing boat.Ramkhilavan, a resident of Katargam area, went to Amroli bridge and took the plunge in the river on Saturday afternoon.Due to heavy water flow, no boats were allowed in the river but fortunately a fishing boat was present in middle of the river near the pillars of Amroli bridge.The fishermen saw Ramkhilavan falling in water and rushed to save him. They pulled him out and brought him back to the bank.Ramkhilavan later said that he was depressed due to death of his wife six months back.He quit his job due to shock and was unable to lead a normal life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16332461", "title": "Unruly student hoots, teases MSU's female teacher", "text": "VADODARA: It seems MSU needs to tighten screws on some unruly elements at faculty of commerce. Since a week, a female teacher is facing harassment from a group of students, especially a first year student, at the main building of the faculty.Last Saturday, this student was allegedly involved in hooting and whistling during a class of first year BCom students. Even as he was let off by the building coordinator with a warning, the student once again misbehaved with the teacher this week. The teacher has approached faculty officials, dema-nding strict action against the student so that it isn't repeated.Sources said, the teacher had first ignored when she noticed somebody threw chalk pieces, resorted to hooting and teasing inside the classroom even as girl students had become uncomfortable with the situation.When things went out of control, the teacher questioned the students to search the culprit. The errant student admitted that he was responsible for such acts and later apologized in front of both the female teacher and building coordinator Dr Shyamal Pradhan. But on Friday, the student misbehaved again with the teacher. After being denied entry inside the classroom for arriving 20 minutes late, he started singing and whistling while standing outside the classroom.\"If such acts are repeated, this puts a serious question mark on the safety of teachers,\" said the teacher, adding that she was confident authorities will do the needful.Pradhan told TOI, \"Earlier we had adopted a liberal view so that the student's career is not jeopardized. But unfortunately he has repeated the act. We have taken note of this incident and right kind of action will be taken.\" tnnThe complaint will be formally taken up on Monday with dean of students and proctor.MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh, too, assured that he will get the incident probed. \"There is no question of tolerating such behaviour,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321500", "title": "Mystery Woman in Byah Hamari Bahoo Ka", "text": "Hats Off Production's Byah Hamari Bahoo Ka on Sony TV is coming up with some more twists and turns to garner good ratings. Now, after introducing the track of 'surrogate mother', the makers have something interesting in store for the audiences.According to our source, a new track will be introduced, where the audience will get to see a mystery woman bumping into Krish ( Gaurav Khanna)and Yash's ( Yash Tonk) life. Now the million dollar question arises that who is this mystery woman? From where has she come?Hold on! We have answers for all the queries but before sharing all the details, let us inform you that the mystery woman will be played by beautiful Parul Chaudhry, last seen in Star Plus's Tere Mere Sapne.Parul will essay the character of Archana. And for the audience she will be a mystery woman for few episodes. Later on, she will be revealed as Yash's wife.When contacted Parul Chaudhry, she said, \"I am not supposed to say anything on this right now.\"Hope this mystery woman brings good numbers to the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16316918", "title": "Entrepreneurs learn to tackle China", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the Gujarat government focusing on attracting investments from China, entrepreneurs in Ahmedabad got lessons on conducting business with China.While discussing at length the business prospects, challenges and opportunities in China, experts who participated in the seminar on 'Understanding China: Politics &amp; Economics' emphasized on the need for increased participation by Indian companies in the trade exhibitions held in China.The seminar was organized jointly by Sardar Patel Institute of Public Administration (SPIPA), Ahmedabad, PanIIT Gujarat Alumni Association and Public Diplomacy Division, Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India on Saturday.A Gopinathan, IFS (retired), former ambassador to Egypt and permanent representative of India to the UN (Geneva), threw light on India's Foreign Policy with main focus on the issues of global importance in India's neighborhood including China.\"Access to concessional finance, wherever possible, financial markets and credit institutions and access to natural, technological and other resources are essential so as to derive maximum possible benefits from the existing international system,\" Gopinathan said.Experts said that though the government has identified pharmaceuticals, IT, agriculture and engineering goods for focused promotion in the neighboring country, cotton yarn, diamonds and colored stones are some other segments which have great potential in the Chinese market.Riva Ganguly Das, joint secretary in the Public Diplomacy Division, made a presentation on trade relations between India and China. According to the presentation, the bilateral trade between the two countries stood at US $ 73.90 billion in the year 2011 and the figure is likely to cross the US $ 100 billion mark in 2015. While cotton yarn corners a major chunk of India's export basket to China with about 20% contribution, India is the fourth largest exporter of diamonds to ChinaThe prescribed procedure for diamond export to China is complex and the diamonds can be exported through Shanghai Exchange only. The market for diamonds in China has enormous potential. The colored stones export to China attracts 40% duty, but the market is attractive. The Indian Government is in talks with the Chinese authorities to reduce this duty.\"The challenges faced by the Indian companies while doing business in China include market access concerns, lack of knowledge of the market, trade disputes, among other things. China has a system to resolve trade disputes, but to use this system the Indian companies must have arbitration clause in their agreements with the Chinese counterparts,\" said Das.Sunil Parekh, founder and chairman, PanIIT Gujarat Alumni Association, said, \"As China is known to do business on its own terms, the seminar was held to focus on aspects which can help us to do business with the dragon country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16326400", "title": "How India's Milkman shaped Karnataka's dairy sector", "text": "BANGALORE: He once feared Karnataka would beat Gujarat and emerge as India's no 1 in the cooperative dairy sector. He even hoped it would.Dr Verghese Kurien , the architect of India's milk revolution, was impressed with the strides made by Karnataka in dairy development. The state after all was following the 'Anand cooperative model' successfully mooted by him first in Gujarat in the early 1970s.\"When I witness the pace at which the dairymen of Karnataka are progressing, I fear that they may overtake our Amul. But, I also ardently desire that they surge ahead,\" he had said after launching the first Mega Diary in Bangalore in 2002.But that was not to be. While Amul's turnover now stands well above Rs 100 crore, Nandini has just managed to cross the Rs 50-crore mark.Kurien, who gifted to India the Amul dairy food brand and played a central role in Operation Flood before he came to be known as the Milkman of India or Amul man, was also the man behind the success of Karnataka's milk dairy development.\"We owe our success today to Kurien's visionary leadership and programmes as chairman of National Dairy Development Board (NDDB),'' said A S Premnath, managing director of Karnataka Milk Federation (KMF).Born in Kerala and having lived most of his life in Gujarat, Kurien had a special affinity for Karnataka. Reason why he could not say no to the Karnataka government's offer to felicitate him in January this year though he was bedridden at the time. The veteran Padma Vibhushan awardee, who was brought to the function on a wheelchair, attended the programme with his wife, daughter and grandson. Kurien was not in a position to speak at that point of time and that disappointed many who wanted to listen to the icon.Kurien always made it appoint to visit dairies in Bangalore and Mysore whenever he arrived here and offered vital tips. \"He always made it a point to have Mysore masala dosa and idli-vada,'' recalled Premnath, who was then the head of Mysore dairy union. He also used to spend some time in the hill stations of Ooty.He strongly advocated that milk unions should be run by professionals in that particular field and was against appointing civil service officials. Taking a cue, Karnataka has not appointed any IAS officer as MD for KMF since 1994 though IAS officer K M Shivakumar served for over a month before he was removed following protests.Kurien's contribution to the dairy development in Karnataka started way back in 1975 with the implementation of dairy development programmes of World Bank and Operation Flood. These programmes were first implemented in eight southern districts of the state and Karnataka Dairy Development Corporation (KDDC) was set up as an implementing agency.In 1984, the KDDC became Karnataka Milk Federation (KMF) and the dairy development programmes were extended to cover all the districts of the state under Operation Flood II with assistance from National Dairy Development Board (NDDB).Operation Flood-II ended in 1987 and the process of dairy development continued through 13 district milk unions under Operation Flood-III from 1987 to 1996. After the conclusion of Operation Flood programmes, the sector's development continued under Perspective Plan and National Dairy Plan with active support from NDDB.In the last four decades of cooperative dairy development, Karnataka has progressed from a state of milk scarcity to that of plenty. The Karnataka Milk Federation has attained No 1 position in milk procurement among southern states and No 2 at the national level in cooperative dairy sector, next only to Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16319027", "title": "Books by day, food by night", "text": "Bangalore is bursting with options to eat out, and nowhere is this more evident than in areas on the fringes like Whitefield and Kammanahalli where a new eatery springs up every day. But there are places in the heart of the city where the word 'trend' holds no meaning; where the same people have been serving the same food for decades without patrons wearying of it or demanding something new. Like Avenue Road, which is swamped by street-food lovers every evening after the day's work of selling largely school and college books is done.You do have to brave snarling traffic in the crowded and narrow alley, but the food is worth it, especially the dosas, badam milk, Bombay sandwiches, bhels and other snacks. After 8.30pm, the street comes to life and customers take their food very seriously.You could start with a Bombay sandwich. Just some veggies and excellent chutney between bread slices which is butter toasted. Or, you could try some the papad chaats, roasted over a coal fire, spread with a nice layer of ghee and chilli powder and veggies.The dosas are rich as the cook pours melted ghee straight out of the packet and onto the batter, probably twice. And, true to Bangalore, they are crisp and with a generous dollop of potato filling. There's no sambhar, but the chutney is excellent and most add some roasted cashew for more crunch.One of the dosa-makers is Narayan, who makes about three dosas a minute and is always busy with orders. \"Dosas vary from place to place,\" explains an advocate who has been a patron for 15 years. \"Bangalore's dosas are crisp and brown, but those in Tamil Nadu are white. But the quality has gone up here,\" he adds. But another patron Naveen V who comes from Mavalli, differs but orders some idlis anyway.The street also offers fresh-cut fruit which makes for a good dessert. Or, you could sign off with a big glass of warm badam milk. The stall guys constantly boil milk with badam powder in giant kadhais. They also add a generous scoop of cream. If that's too rich, you could probably call it a night with some masala pepsi.Quote hangerI've been running my dosa stall for about 40 years. A lot of people come here. We've got politicians always sending their boys here to pick up a few dosas or something to eat. I don't know how many dosas I make in a day. I can't keep count; people just keep coming. When we run out of batter, we shut shop.Narayan | dosa maker at Avenue Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16320932", "title": "Butt, calf implants for men to look manlier", "text": "Inspired by breast augmentation, men are turning to silicone implant surgery to achieve a chest like Phelps, and footballer calves.Deepesh Bhatt, one of Bollywood's most daunting fitness trainers responsible for the way Aamir Khan will turn out in cop thriller, Talaash, described his signature outdoor workout in a recent article of a national daily as one that includes a one-mile run, 100 pull-ups, 200 pushups, 300 squats, sealed by a final milelong sprint. No pain, no gain.Aman Chopra would scoff at that one. At 40, the Mumbai-based entrepreneur with a passion for acting, walked out of a cosmetic surgeon's clinic in Khar, with a perfectly sculpted torso that could have taken him years to own.The Greek God chest has played a significant part in Chopra bagging a role in an upcoming gangster film backed by one of Bollywood's biggest production houses, slated for a May 2013 release.It's not as if Chopra didn't try the 'natural' route. No amount of gymming could take his 38-inch chest to a desired 42, leaving him with awkward vital stats: bulky biceps measuring 16 inches each, a 32-inch toned waist, and a puny chest. \"I was embarrassed to change my T-shirt in front of the other guys at the pool,\" Chopra remembers. When a female club member said something about a 'disproportionate chest', it was Chopra's cue to act. His surgeon, Dr Aamod Rao suggested a pectoral augmentation procedure tagged at Rs 1.5 lakh.Chest implant Commonly referred to as breast implants for men, the surgery enhances the appearance, size and muscular definition of the pectoralis major, a thick fan-shaped muscle that sits at the chest. \"If women can augment their breasts, what's stopping the men? Pectoral implants look perfectly real,\" says Rao, who has conducted three pectoral implants in the last six months, including one for a transsexual.What differentiates a breast implant from a pectoral procedure is the size of the silicone implant, which is essentially an elastomer silicone shell filled with silicone. Breast implants measure 250cc to 375cc, and are softer, fuller and rounder. Pectoral implants are firm, squarish and measure between 150cc to 235cc.The procedure is picking up, as men craving a 'manly' image. \"It takes skill. They have to be placed just above the nipples. Slightly lower, and you'll have man boobs,\" says Rao. The recovery lasts between two to three weeks, which is perfect for those who wish to keep the route to their perfect pecs a secret. Chopra says no one \u2014 not his family or girlfriend \u2014 is in the know. \"I didn't want anyone to think it wasn't a result of my hard work and exercise,\" he says.Cosmetic surgeons across urban metros say Indian men are taking a fancy to muscle contouring surgery. Popular procedures range from butt and calf implants to bicep, tricep, and even testicular procedures.Calf implant For David Beckham's calves, surgeons offer calf implants that create cosmetic fullness in the lower legs. Twenty nine-year-old Ashmit Mahadik from Pune had suffered from 'chicken' legs since he was a teenager. His well-paying job at an IT firm made sure he could save up for the calf augmentation he desired. The urge was born in the gym Mahadik frequented, says Dr Surindher, a Bengaluru-based cosmetic surgeon and director of Cosmesis India, a reconstructive and cosmetic surgery firm. \"He wasn't from the glamour industry, but his need was just as immediate. He was shy to wear shorts while gymming because he'd be at the receiving end of taunts,\" says the surgeon.In February 2011, Mahadik came in asking for four implants \u2014 two on the inner calves and two on the outer \u2014 but Surindher persuaded him to go for just two on the inside. \"The outer calves remain active due to walking,\" he says about disproportionate calf development. The surgeon must assess the proportions correctly, and accurately sculpt and place the implant, thereby anticipating any changes post surgery.Testicular implant Not all augmentation is done for aesthetic pleasure. Silicone implants used in reconstructive surgeries have known to help patients with genetic or injury related problems, too. For Ritwik Srivatsa, a 27-year-old IT professional from New Delhi, the decision to undergo a testicular implant surgery was medical. Having suffered a serious pelvic injury in a road accident last year, one of his testicles was damaged. Although experts assured him that he would be able to bear a child, a long-time relationship with his girlfriend ended after Srivatsa was unable to perform in bed. In this case, a single silicone implant in the scrotum lent the patient a psychological lift, says Delhi-based cosmetic surgeon Dr Sukhbir Singh Arora. \"A man's self worth is linked to his groin. He regained lost confidence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16318350", "title": "Patna celebrates Feast of Nativity of Mary", "text": "PATNA: The Catholic community of the city celebrated the Feast of Nativity of Mary on Saturday, offering special prayers in the churches. Flowers adorned and lights illuminated the front altar of Mother Mary at St Joseph's Cathedral at Bankipore which led the festivities with religious services.According to Fr Jerome Dungdung, the 'novena', or nine-day prayer service, started on August 30. \"Every evening, a different priest preached the gathering at the special prayer service at the cathedral. Archbishop William D'Souza, Fr Irudayaraj, Fr Kuldeep, Fr Peter Ladis, Fr Gyan, Fr James, Fr Thomas, Fr Satya from Chakaram and I delivered the sermons on different days,\" Fr Dungdung said and added many people distributed sweets or snacks to the gathered people after the prayer service in honour of Mother Mary. Archbishop William D'Souza led the mass (special prayer) at St Joseph's Cathedral at 6pm.The Church calendar observes the birthdays of only three persons: St John the Baptist (June 24), Mary, Mother of Jesus (September 8) and Jesus (December 25).Other churches of the city also held prayer services to commemorate the day. The Queen of Apostles Church at Kurji held a special mass in the evening to celebrate the birth of Mary. Fr Gregory of Kurji Church said, \"Like other congregations, we have also started the 'novena' prayers.\"\"The Church has accepted the truth that Mary was immaculate and as such should be given respect in every possible way. People also offer special petitions for the fulfilment of their wishes or to seek the grace of the Lord,\" said Pascal Peter Osta of Kurji Parish Council. He said the 'novena' this year was dedicated to all the people who are suffering physically, mentally or spiritually and also for the well-being of all mankind.According to the Holy Bible, Mary was born to Saint Anne and Saint Joachim and her nativity is also celebrated as a preparation for the incarnation and birth of Christ. \"It is a pious day for us as it is the birthday of our Mother and we pray to honour her and seek her blessings. We believe that Mary intercedes with her Son on our behalf and whatever we ask though her will be fulfilled because the Son would never say no to His mother,\" said another resident of Kurji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16317573", "title": "Digambar Kamat's resignation demanded", "text": "MARGAO: In the wake of the Justice Shah commission report revelations, BJP Margao Mandal has demanded the resignation of Margao MLA and former chief minister Digambar Kamat and that he should surrender himself before the police.Addressing mediapersons on Saturday, the mandal president Chandan Naik along with local BJP leaders Rupesh Mahatme and Sharmad Raiturkar demanded that Kamat be immediately booked and arrested for bringing shame to every Madgaonkar.\"We will be forced to come down on the roads till Kamat is arrested and kept behind bars\" warned Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16317745", "title": "Intel's India-born official deserves leniency: Bharara", "text": "Intel Corp's former Indiaborn managing director Rajiv Goel deserves leniency as he gave \"substantial assistance\" as a key government witness in Raj Rajaratnam's insider trading trial that helped convict the hedge fund founder, Manhattan attorney Preet Bharara has said. Goel was arrested with Rajaratnam in 2009 and had pleaded guilty in 2010 to conspiracy and securities fraud. He faces up to 25 years' jail when he is sentenced on September 12 by US district judge Barbara Jones. Seeking a lenient sentence, Bharara said in a letter to Jones that Goel, \"a highly significant witness ... substantially helped the government secure a conviction in one of the most significant insider trading trials in history.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321681", "title": "Tom Cruise's shoot scares Hertfordshire residents", "text": "The sound of the gunfire during the shooting of Tom Cruise's latest movie at the Leavesden Studios located in Hertfordshire village of Abbots Langley, caused alarm among its residents.The residents ended up calling the police on Thursday night.On investigation, police discovered the sound was coming from the nearby Leavesden Studios, where Cruise was filming his new movie 'All You Need is Kill' with British actress Emily Blunt .\"At around 9 p.m. on Thursday, police received two reports of the sound of distant gunfire from members of the public in the Abbots Langley and north Watford areas,\" The Sun quoted a police spokesman, as saying.Later, a studio representative confirmed that the gunshots were part of rehearsals for the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16326569", "title": "Visa to Thailand in 24 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: Getting a visa to Thailand just got easier. Instead of the usual three day process to get the visa, travellers to Thailand can now the visa in flat 24 hours.In collaboration with travel company Cox and Kings, the Thai consulate has now made the visa process faster. This means that travellers to Thailand will get the visa in 24 hours from the date of submission of all valid documents. This move is particularly likely to benefit those who plan a last minute travel to Thailand on a long weekend or a business errand.According to Thai Consulate General in Mumbai, around 9.1 lakh Indians visited Thailand in 2011. The number of Indian travellers is likely to spurt massively to touch the one million mark by the end of this year.\"Thailand is a very popular destination among Indians. Being a short-haul destination, it attracts travellers even during long weekends. Due to the rise in fares to domestic destinations, many travellers have in the past preferred to go to south-east Asia instead,\" a tour operator in Mumbai said. \"A quick visa will certainly be an incentive for many more fliers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317679", "title": "NCW seeks bail for mom who tried to sell baby", "text": "MUMBAI: A National Commission for Women (NCW) team on Saturday met Afreen Khan who is in the Charkop police's custody for allegedly trying to sell her 45-day-old baby.The team, which , including former Mumbai mayor Nirmala Sawant Prabhavalkar, spoke to had an hour-long chat withAfreen in the presence of senior police officers, handed over a letter to the cops, urging Afreen's release on bail. The members said that Afreen did not intend to sell her child and was only looking for someone to care for the infant as she was too poor.Afreen told the team that her husband used to brutally torture her and had thrown her, along with their three children, out of their Malwani residence. Afreen then went to her mother, who stays in Laljipada in Kandivli.Afreen and two of her aides were arrested on Monday from Laljipada, Raziya Hidayatullah (35) and Payal Paswan (22), after an NGO tipped off the cops about the trio's attempts to sell the baby.The team said Afreen be allowed to meet her kids who are at a Mankhurd shelter. It said she should be allowed to stay with them until rehabilitated. The NCW intends to educate and train Afreen and her children as well as provide them with accommodation.Cops said they will not seek further custody for Afreen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16325021", "title": "Congress shouldn't delay giving larger role to Rahul: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has suggested that Congress should not delay giving a more prominent role to Rahul Gandhi in the party and the central government.\"It's good, but it should come early. The Congress shouldn't keep it hanging,\" Akhilesh said when asked for his views on whether Rahul should be given bigger responsibility in the party and the government.Congress leaders as well as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh have said Rahul should assume a bigger role but it is upto him to take a call.Asked pointedly whether Rahul, who led the Congress' unsuccessful campaign in Uttar Pradesh assembly polls, will make a good Prime Minister, Akhilesh said, \"The young should get larger role.\"He (Rahul) should get an opportunity. He should assume bigger responsibility as soon as possible. The whole country is waiting... But at the end, it's a decision of the Congress,\" he told Aajtak channel.Akhilesh's Samajwadi Party had given a drubbing to the Congress in the Assembly elections in UP just six months back.During the interview, Akhilesh also said all political parties should always be ready for polls and keep the cadre ready. \"Little time is left for the parliamentary polls,\" he said.He maintained that SP is supporting the UPA government on its secular plank.\"But the party has to answer for 2G, Coalgate and price rise,\" Akhilesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16332433", "title": "Traditions wilt as holy waters tamed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Despite abundant rainfall this monsoon and subsequent swelling of the mighty Ganga and Yamuna rivers, denizens of Sangam city are yet to witness the phenomenon of 'bathing of Bade Hanumanji' at the age old temple known widely for the same.The submersion of the statue that depicts Lord Hanuman lying down has long been considered auspicious by the city dwellers, and has remained a major attraction for devotees and tourists for several years. The phenomenon occurred in 2011 after a gap of four years, but was witnessed annually in earlier times.However, if one goes by the opinion of experts, incidence of this phenomenon will reduce further in the coming years.Before 2006, the waters of the Ganga and Yamuna used to come high above the Bade Hanumanji Temple which has the Hanuman statue. Tourists flocked to the spot to witness the occurrence, and the evening 'aarti' performed from a boat. However, after the construction of the Tehri dam, several smaller power projects have reduced the water levels in the Ganga, and the statue submersion no longer occurs annually. This year, even at the maximum flooding level, the waters were far below the temple.Experts opine that the cause of this lies in multiple factors. Prof S S Ojha from Allahabad University's department of Geography said as per the Plate Tectonic Theory , the western part of India is in the on the rise while the eastern part, lying towards the Bay of Bengal , is getting submerged. As a result, the gradient of rivers flowing in west-east direction will become steeper and vice-versa. He said since Ganga in Allahabad flows in the west to east direction, the river has slightly meandered towards its eastern bank, in this case towards Jhunsi. In addition, the construction of Tehri Dam has reduced the volume of water in the river, Ojha said.Renowned Geomorphologist, Prof Savinder Singh said the construction of the dam and taming Ganga may have prevented floods, but reduction in the amount of sediments from the river bed would accommodate more volume of water. Former head, department of Earth and Planetary Sciences, AU, Dr Jayant Tripathi, said the main channel of Ganga takes its formation at Dev Prayag where its tributaries-Bhagirathi, Alaknanda and Mandakini meet. But before this important confluence, different hydel power projects constructed by various agencies to harness the water of the tributaries for power generation has reduced the level of water in the Ganga, which is low despite floods.In a nutshell, the experts said this is a good example of friction between tradition and modern science. The people could either choose tradition and folklore, or the benefits of energy generated from the water of the holy rivers. But both could not go hand in hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "16320738", "title": "President parries questions on early Lok Sabha polls", "text": "TIRUMALA: President Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday parried questions on the possibility of early Lok Sabha polls saying it depends on how the parties and leaders behave, a statement that comes against the backdrop of the wash out of the monsoon session of Parliament.He urged political parties to work out a mechanism to resolve differences to ensure that the House can function.\"This is a question of how leaders will behave, members will behave and parties will behave,\" he told reporters when asked about the possibility of earlier elections in the wake of the wash out of the monsoon session.He was also asked whether he would consider such a possibility if one more session of Parliament is washed out.The monsoon session of Parliament was washed out due to repeated disruptions by the BJP over its demands for resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the wake of the coal scam.Asked about the recent wasted session, Mukherjee said, leaders of different political parties should work out a mechanism to resolve differences and ensure that institutions of Parliament can work.He recalled that on an earlier occasion also in 2009, the whole session was disrupted (on demands for a JPC) and the entire winter session business could not be transacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16327489", "title": "Hurriyat not interested in dialogue with Centre: Geelani", "text": "SRINAGAR: Hardline Hurriyat Conference leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani on Sunday said the amalgam is not interested in entering a \"meaningless\" dialogue process with the Centre.Geelani said this reacting to Union minister Farooq Abdullah's statement yesterday that the separatists should initiate a dialogue process on their own as the Centre would not come with a begging bowl to Hurriyat for holding talks on Kashmir issue.\"Hurriyat is not interested in a meaningless dialogue process (with the Centre),\" Geelani said in a statement.Geelani said the National Conference leader was trying to be \"more loyal than the king\". \"Farooq Abdullah is an employee of Government of India and it deos not behove him to speak his master's language,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16318713", "title": "Intelligence agencies need more independence: Ex-RAW chief", "text": "PUNE: At a time of such uncertainty and rising threat from global terrorism, India's intelligence machinery can be made more effective by creating a legislative framework to govern its functioning, said former chief of the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) H Tharakan, on Saturday.Tharakan was speaking on the topic: \"Intelligence Agencies in the Service of Nation,\" at a lecture series organized by city-based Dnyaneshwar Mulay Education Society.Tharakan said there is no law which empowers the country's intelligence agencies and shields them from political interference. \"A law and the provision of a structure of parliamentary oversight of these agencies will help a great deal in making them more effective.\"Tharakan elaborated at great length on the many components of India's intelligence gathering machinery and the present internal as well as external situation that these agencies need to deal with. \"These agencies - most of them operating on a national level - must co-ordinate more closely among themselves and with the state agencies as the country faces risk from international terrorism,\" he said. Co-ordination at functional levels as well as at the apex level is extremely essential to close any gaps in intelligence collection and analysis, Tharakan said, adding that greater independence of these agencies will help improve their functioning.Tharakan, who was also director general of police of Kerala, said that modernising police forces in states is another priority for which police reforms are a must. \"The Indian Police Act of 1861 is outdated and needs to be replaced by a law that will be in sync with the modern day practices and liberates police forces from political interference,\" he said.Financial aid the states now get from the centre can help modernisation of the police force, Tharakan said. We should move to a scenario where the police and intelligence agencies are offered greater autonomy and are abel to perform with higher accountability, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16317906", "title": "Girl ends life, blames beau in suicide note", "text": "NAGPUR: A note left by a 20-year-old woman may nail his boyfriend for abetting her suicide. Rekha Nimje, a second year arts student, ended her life by hanging herself at her Rajiv Gandhi Nagar home on Saturday.Rekha blamed her boyfriend Akash Malghare for taking the extreme step. Malghare, who owns a garage in the locality, had befriended Rekha around a year ago. They were in a relationship until Akash's family members started objecting to it. This may have prompted Akash to start avoiding Rekha.Rekha's suicide note, found in a diary, indicated that she had a quarrel with Akash a day before. She also said that her decision was prompted by Akash's behaviour.Yashodhara Nagar police had earlier registered the case as accidental death but is now likely to book Malaghre as Rekha's father Jogeshwar has filed a report against her daughter's former boyfriend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16318564", "title": "'We have world's largest number of non-literates'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Referring to his return to Lucknow as \"home coming\", Vice-President Hamid Ansari on Saturday said that he was happy to return to UP to participate in the International Literacy Day celebrations. This is Ansari's maiden visit to the state after being re-elected as the Vice-President for a second term.Speaking at the National Literacy Awards function organised by the National Literacy Mission Authority, Ansari said India has improved its performance on literary indicators, but had a long way to go in comparison to other neighbouring countries. Saying literacy levels had increased from 12% in 1947 to 74% in 2011, the country's performance is still wanting, when compared with Asian countries. Ansari said, \"We have the largest number of non-literates in the world. Our literacy rate of 74%, achieved in the last decade, is much below the world average of 84% and is in sharp contrast to what has been achieved by some Asian countries like China, Iran , Myanmar and Sri Lanka .\"Also emphasising inclusive growth for women and persons from scheduled castes, tribes and minority communities, Ansari said at least 44% of India's population fell in this category. He also said there is a need to bridge inter-state and intra-segment inequalities.\"The Right to Education Act has ensured that basic education is now the right of every child. Now, we also need to focus on adult education. The Saakshar Bharat programme, operational in 25 states and 372 districts - 66 of which are in UP - must also focus on quality education and skill training. More over, we must also devise a way to sustain this initiative after the government's programme comes to an end.'' He also spoke to students at Integral University.Ansari also applauded the Saakshar Bharat mission programme's emphasis on increasing literacy among women. He said: Though male literacy rate has increased from 75% to 82.14% during the last decade, female literacy in the same period has increased from 53.67% to 65.46%. This has reduced the gender gap from 21% to 16%. There is a need to reduce this gap,\" Ansari said.Union minister for human resource development, Kapil Sibal , said the decision to organise the National Literacy Mission in Lucknow was because of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's \"young and progressive\" image. Sibal also said that UP, with 66 districts where literacy rates were below 50% against the national average of 74%, needed special focus both from the state government as well as under the National Literacy Mission. He also said that the ministry was targeting to reduce the male-female literacy divide to under 10% in the 12th Five Year Plan.Acknowledging that though UP's literacy indicators had improved in the past decade, there was much that remained to be achieved, Akhilesh Yadav said a 14% decadal growth in literacy levels was not sufficient. He also said special attention had to be given to education women in UP. Highlighting the Samajwadi government's initiatives to promote education in general and also specifically among women, Akhilesh said: The government has made provisions to pay Rs 30,000 to girls for assisting their education beyond Class X. the same facilities have also been extended to Muslim girls.'' He also added that UP would, within two years, implement the centrally-funded National Optical Fibre Network facility to provide broadband connectivity at panchayat levels in the state. In addition, the CM said that though the state government was using its resources to improve the education infrastructure, additional assistance from the centre, towards this cause, would be welcome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16333191", "title": "Former LTTE weapons expert among agents", "text": "MANGALORE: Thirteen agents - 12 of them Sri Lankan Tamilian refugees - who lured 84 gullible of their ilk for a boat ride to Australia for a better life, are now cooling their heels behind bars. The agents include Thavarassa, 46, of Okkaveelbeed, Tulkai in Sri Lanka. A former LTTE soldier, who by very admission of city police officials here, has more knowledge about fire arms and rocket launchers than most policemen put together.The other accused are: C Dinesh Kumar, 27, CR Camp in Paramathiveloor taluk in Nammakal district; Rajeev Gandhi alias Kandan, 28, CR Camp in Alamkundi taluk in Pudukkottai district; Maria Jamsan, 22, Valayapet in Vellore district; Shivakumar, 28, SLR Camp in Thirumangalam taluk in Madurai district; S Ravichandran, 30, SLR camp Thirumangalam district; Mahendran, 41, Kumbdipundi post in Thiruvalluvar district; S Suresh, 26, Thoppukkollai camp in Pudukkottai; Mariya Siran, 33, Alangudi taluk in Pudukkottai; Siraj, 37, SICO Housing unit, Coimbatore post; Yakoob, 40, of Kuniyamuthur of Coimbatore; and Saleem, Gramini Street, Valajapet in Vellore district in TN.Shahjahan, 33, Koyyamarkad of Kanjikod post, Palakkad district is the lone Indian among the 13 arrested agents.Pratap Reddy, in-charge city police chief, said a case has been booked against the accused under Sections 120 B read with Section 420 of Indian Penal Code, along with Section 14 of Foreigners Act and paragraph 5 of Foreigners Order in Mangalore North (Bunder) police station. Police are mapping the activities of each of these 13 agents and their exact role in facilitating the trafficking of these Sri Lankan Tamilian refugees to Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16317956", "title": "Lack of facilities leaves Elliot\u2019s beach in mess", "text": "CHENNAI: For 11 days in September, the duration of the festival at the Annai Velankanni church in Besant Nagar, Elliot's beach is unofficially out of bounds for locals. The promenade, the road abutting the beach, and the sands, where lakhs of devotees congregate, are in a complete mess. Though the number of people visiting the shrine is increasing every year, there has been no attempt to provide even the basic facilities like toilets or waste bins.The promenade is barred for vehicles, but the roads are packed with scores of stalls and queues of people outside them. The lack of facilities for the huge crowds is unmistakable \u2014 mounds of leftover food and roads littered with excreta.On Saturday, the last night, hundreds of people were seen camping in vans, tents or on the roadside. \"We have come from Pulianthope to attend midnight mass,\" said R Dhanraj, trying to put his two-year-old to sleep. \"We need to be awake and fresh during the mass. We will leave after attending the Sunday mass,\" he said.More than one lakh families like his are forced to make do with just one public toilet on the church premises and three garbage bins, at least 75 metres from each other. \"We pay 3 to use the toilet and stand in a queue of 50 to reach the toilet. For old people, it is difficult,\" said Josie Marie of Chetpet. The toilet, with just six cubicles each for men and women and two cubicles for a bath, becomes completely unusable by 9pm. \"On the first day itself, the bathroom was stinking and dirty. We had to relieve ourselves near the sea,\" she said.This is what scares residents who love taking their children for a splash in the sea or a walk on the sands. \"We do not know what kind of diseases our children may get. We often sit on the sand to build castles. Who knows what we may touch?\" said Sheela Ravi of 28th Cross Street.Many blame the authorities for not providing more temporary toilets and dustbins or cleaning staff. \"Every year we see more police deployed. Why can they not send more conservancy workers too?\" asked S Ravikiran, who has an office on 7th Cross Street.Others said civic sense had to improve. \"Many people dump leftover food and urinate close by. Why can they not use the public toilet or walk to the dustbin to throw their waste?\" asked Sheela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318541", "title": "Haryana seeks mega city police status for Gurgaon-Faridabad", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana DGP Ranjeev Dalal urged the central government on Saturday to bring Gurgaon-Faridabad police commissionerates under the mega city policing scheme.Dalal conveyed this to the government during the closing day of All India interstate DGPs conference held at New Delhi. Armed with the data of rapid growth of the twin cities, Dalal categorically asked the Union government to increase funding to bring policing in the twin cities at par with New Delhi.\"Once the twin cities come under mega city policing, we shall get additional funds which would be utilized for round-the-clock surveillance through CCTVs and upgradation of infrastructure to deal with cybercrimes. Since both these cities are expanding, you need additional measures in place to cope up with the demands,'' said Dalal.We have raised Rs 300 crore loan from Haryana government and demanded Rs 200 crore from the Union government for Gurgaon and Faridabad police commissionerates, he said. Dalal and his counterpart in New Delhi expressed concern over the issue of manufacturing and smuggling of illegal weapons from some pockets in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Madhya Pradesh.\"Criminals have admitted during their interrogations that they got unauthorized arms from the two states as these are manufactured there. Delhi and Haryana are the most affected,\" the DGP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16327330", "title": "NRI entrepreneur, two others honoured in UK", "text": "LONDON: A leading NRI entrepreneur and two other people have been honoured here for their outstanding contribution to Heart and Stroke Research and their support to the Northwick Park Institute for Medical Research.Atul Pathak, Managing Director of Appt Corporation Limited, Northwick Park Institute for Medical Research founder Colin Green and Dominic Grieve , MP, Attorney General, received a trophy each for their \"invaluable support over the years.\"The trophy was handed over to them by Dr Rami Ranger, Chairman of the Golden Heart Club here last night.\"I am really humbled to accept the award,\" Pathak said after receiving the award.The Northwick Park Institute, Ranger said, was set up in 1994 and is one of the UK's leading charity-based independent Medical Research Institutes, working to translate ground-breaking medical research into patient care.It is affiliated with University College London which is consistently rated as one of the top five medical schools in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16323018", "title": "Promotion quota, if passed, to be implemented from 1995", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre proposes to implement reservation in promotion for SCs and STs in government jobs with retrospective effect from June, 1995, according to the bill introduced in Rajya Sabha during the monsoon session.\"It is also necessary to give retrospective effect to the proposed clause (4A) of Article 16 with effect from the date of coming into force of that clause as originally introduced, that is, from the 17th day of June, 1995,\" the bill states.This means that the measure will come into effect from 1995 when the Constitution was amended for the purpose of providing reservation in promotions for SCs/STs.The passage of the Constitution amendment bill has been delayed at least till the Winter session. But following opposition by Samajwadi Party and Shiv Sena and disruptions caused by NDA over coalgate issue, it could not be taken up for consideration and passage.SCs and STs have been provided reservation in promotions since 1955. This was discontinued following the judgement in the case of Indra Sawhney wherein it was held that it is beyond the mandate of Article 16(4) of the Constitution.Subsequently, the Constitution was amended by the Constitution (77th Amendment) Act, 1995 and a new clause (4A) was inserted in Article 16 to enable the government to provide reservation in promotion.Later, clause (4A) was modified by the Constitution (85th Amendment) Act, 2001 to provide consequential seniority to SC and ST candidates promoted by giving reservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16318757", "title": "Police bust robbery plan, arrest seven youth", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police on Saturday arrested seven youths who had allegedly planned to rob a jeweller in the city. Police seized a car, two chloroform bottles, four knives and two packets of red chilly powder from them. According to police, this was the fifth time that the gang attempted to rob the jeweller.The accused have been identified as G Sukumar (30) and M Mohammed Rafiq (29) of Pollachi, M Mohammed Riyas (19) of Thirumal Street, J Moideen Abdulkadhar, (26) of Kurichi, K Hussain Ali (25) of Valparai, V Amjath Babu (32) of Saibaba Colony and H Abdul Rahman (19) of Podanur in Coimbatore city.Police said, Rafiq had bought a goods auto rickshaw but could not repay the loan. He approached his friend, Moideen, for help. Moideen, who was earlier living at Selvapuram, knew a few gold ornaments manufacturers. He got the information that Senthil, a resident of Ramakrishnapuram in the city, trade in gold biscuits. The latter would bring these from jewelers in Bangalore and Chennai and hand them to goldsmiths at Selvapuram to turn them into ornaments, which would then be returned to the jewellers. He used to travel to Chennai and Bangalore by train every Wednesday and Saturday. Based on the information, the seven member gang conspired to rob Senthil.Three months ago, the gang came to Ramakrishnapuram and watched Senthil's movements. But they could not execute the plan. Later, the robbers bought chloroform and red chilly powder. They used to visited Senthil's residence and wait for an opportune moment to rob him. Fortunately for Senthil, the opportunity evaded them.Meanwhile, city police commissioner A K Viswanathan received the information from a source about the robbery plan. He alerted deputy commissioner of police (crime and traffic) T Senthil Kumar, and two special teams were formed to nab the robbers.On Saturday around 5.30, when the robbers were waiting near Senthil's house in a car, the police team confronted them and took them for questioning. They also searched the car and found four knives, two chloroform bottles and two packets of red chilly powder.\"The gang attempted to rob Senthil of gold jewels. It was during their fifth attempt that they fell into our net. Senthil used to go to railway station on his motorcycle with the jewels. Fortunately, the gang members did not get a chance to attack him. Senthil did not know that the gang members were following him,\" said Viswanathan.Most of the men arrested were working as daily wagers.\"We came to know that some of the gold traders don't bother about their security when travel as part of work. We have planned a meeting with them in the coming week and will instruct them to guard the jewels when they take them out of their residences,\" said Senthil Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16317701", "title": "Triangular fight for Saligao zilla panchayat today", "text": "MAPUSA: The zilla panchayat bye-election to the Saligao constituency to be held on September 9 will witness a triangular fight between BJP-supported Prkash Naik, Congress-backed Ongus Menezes and a advocate from Parra, Harishchandra Sirsat. The seat fell vacant after former Saligao ZP member Michael Lobo successfully contested the assembly elections from Calangute and won in March this year.Ongus Menezes, former sarpanch of the Gurim village panchayat, is supported by the former chief minister Dr Wilfred de Souza and his son in-law Tulio de Souza. Sirsat is a new face in the political circle.During the previous ZP election the voting percentage was 84% for this cosnsstituency. The Saligao ZP constituency comprises of five villages Guirim, Sangolda, Parra, Arpora and Saligao. Political observers say that it will be a smooth sailing for the BJP-supported candidate Prakash Naik as the state is ruled by the BJP-led government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318390", "title": "'Vagina Monologues' in Marathi on Oct 21", "text": "NAGPUR: For 15 years now, the iconic American play 'Vagina Monologues' written by Eve Ensler has been entertaining audiences across the globe. Feminist writer and theatre activist Vandana Khare saw a bigger potential in the structure of this play that deals with issues of female sexuality.\"It very subtly touches upon women empowerment and sensitive subjects like rape, incest, sexual abuse and sexual preferences. It can be used in a very positive manner to liberate woman from her inhibitions,\" says Khare who was in the city to promote the Marathi version of the play titled 'Yoneechya Maneechya Gujghoshti' which will be staged in Nagpur on October 21.\"Women want to discuss these issues but do not get the platform,\" says Vandana who has been working on gender and sexuality related issues for past two decades. \"Though Marathi literature is loaded with revolutionary ideas there is very less talk about women activism.\"The Indianized English version of the play was staged in Mumbai a decade back. It has been adapted in Hindi too. In Marathi now it is the 46th version of the play. \"The English version is only viewed by the upper class English speaking public. I wanted to adapt it for the Marathi speaking middle class,\" says Khare.\"The concept of 'yoni puja' and woman as a goddess has always been there,\" says Khare, clarifying that the translation is not 100% true to the original. \"I have blended the physical expression with spiritual aspects of Indian ethos.\"Adapting the characters to the Indian context required research. \"The 70-year old woman who shares her sexual experience has been developed into a Goan character in my version. Similarly, a Bosnian war rape victim is depicted as a woman from Gadchiroli who has been victimized by Naxals,\" said Khare.This is also an attempt to distance these issues from the medical domain. \"Sexuality is still hidden under covers and is discussed only in closed chambers of counsellors or doctors. I want men and women of all ages to watch it and hold healthy discussions,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16320263", "title": "Homemakers likely to get monthly salary from husbands soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Housewives may soon start getting monthly salaries from their husbands with the government mulling a proposal which would make it mandatory for men to share a certain percentage of their income with their wives who stay back and do household chores.The proposal is being considered by Women and Child Development (WCD) ministry for socio-economic empowerment of homemakers.\"We have got a survey conducted on this theme and are planning to hold more consultations about this plan, which at present is in consultation stage... Whenever we ask housewives what they do, most of them say they do nothing. So we feel that a mechanism can be devised to quantify and calculate the value of work that they do for their families. It will give a more socially empowered identity to these women,\" WCD minister Krishna Tirath told PTI.She said the idea, mooted by some NGOs, would also be discussed in a meeting to be held with ministers of different states on September 17-18.\"The work that women do at home is also economic activity but it goes unaccounted. If children are sent to a creche, then money has to be spent. If somebody from outside does cooking or any other work, money has to be spent. And the quality of work of homemakers cannot even be compared with others,\" Tirath said.The minister said if a portion of a husband's income is allocated as wife's share, it is likely to be spent on better food for children, on their education and the overall quality of standard of living of that household.\"Working in homes is economic activity and if this is recognised, it will give us a truer reflection of what the GDP of our country is. It will also help us know more accurate figure of the rate of real unemployment in the country,\" Tirath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16325974", "title": "Soon an Indian will feature in NBA: Horry", "text": "BANGALORE: The popularity of basketball is growing in India and in future the world would get to see an Indian playing in the NBA league, seven-time NBA champion Robert Horry said on Sunday.\"The popularity of basketball is growing. Pretty soon with the talent which you (India) have here, hopefully, you will get somebody in NBA Laegue one day,\" he told reporters.Horry further said that India is a great market for basketball and people here can relate to some of the big names in the sport.Replying to a related query, Horry said the place for international basketball in the world is huge as France, Spain and Argentina all had five NBA players in each team participating at the 2012 London Olympics.\"The sport is global and that is what the NBA is trying to reach out to. You don't have to be in America. There is so much talent around the world,\" he said.Horry said he loved spending time with the youth because they looked upon him for inspiration.\"I love to help and share my experience to them. When I was growing up, people in my neighbourhood would take me to the court and talk to me about the dos and don'ts of basketball, which was helpful. Sometimes, you just need that one spot, that one piece of advise to pursue glory,\" he added.Horry has always liked working with the youth. He played 16 seasons in the league, earning two rings with the Rockets in 1994 and 1995, three with the Los Angeles Lakers (2000-02) and with the Spurs (2005 and 2007) before retiring in 2008.Horry said he liked to share three with the youngsters, which is perfect practice, having fun and confidence.\"Confidence is a big key. You have to believe in yourself and your abilities. It is okay to fail because everybody cannot be perfect. You have to keep trying and be perfect. You are never going to reach that stage, but it is fun to keep trying and be perfect,\" he said.The former San Antonio Spurs and Houston Rockets player spoke for more than an hour to a group of kids at Sree Kanteerva Stadium.More than 100 kids between the ages of 12 and 19 attended the the finals of the Mahindra NBA Challenge.Horry, along with Troy Justice, Senior Director, Basketball Operations India at NBA India, also hosted a Generation Adidas Players clinic for 40 select players.The Mahindra NBA Challenge featured a new player development program in each city called Generation Adidas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317776", "title": "Bikers snatch chains", "text": "MUMBAI: Two bike-borne men robbed a 45-year-old housewife of two gold mangalsutras at Andheri (E) on Friday evening. The complainant, Parvati Nikam, who resides in Marol was robbed outside a cellphone store on Andheri-Kurla Road. The two snatched Nikam's mangalsutras, weighing five tolas and worth Rs 1.25 lakh collectively and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16317552", "title": "Goa to reject ministry of environment and forests clearances without Title of Concession numbers", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar continued in his confrontationist posture against the Union ministry of environment and forests, warning that he would henceforth reject the environment clearances given by MoEF if the same did not have the TC (Title of Concession) numbers of the pertinent mines.Parrikar said, \"I will not permit a single illegal operation (in Goa), but I can only do that if environment clearances issued by MoEF are proper and legal. (At present) not a single environment clearance (given by MoEF) indicates the TC number.\"Asked if he can correct this, Parrikar said he will henceforth reject such environmental clearances. \"I will not take as valid environmental clearances which do not indicate TC numbers,\" he said.The chief minister has been having confrontations with the Centre for quite sometime now, not only over posting of IPS and IAS officers but also over dump mining.On Saturday he said the Shah commission report will have no bearing on the state's mining policy \"which takes care of all aspects of mining in Goa\".He said his government's mining policy has a basic preamble which makes mining subject to the legal requirements of the Mining and Mineral Act, 1957, and the Environment Protection Act. \"When I say that our mining policy is subject to these Acts, it means very clearly that if any permission has to be given, these two aspects have to be taken into consideration,\" said Parrikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318227", "title": "Eight two-wheelers damaged in mysterious fire at apartment", "text": "NAGPUR: The 60 families at Chintamani Apartment in Trimurti Nagar were left stunned after eight of their two-wheelers parked in the basement were found damaged in a mysterious fire in the wee hours of Saturday. Eight electricity meters and cable wires were also damaged. The incident happened at the spot visited by police regularly to sign patrolling register.Four gutted two-wheelers and few other damaged ones at the basement, which too is blackened by the soot of the flames, have left the apartment owners speculating about the origin of the fire and motive behind the mischief. With MSEDCL experts unofficially ruling out short-circuit in the meter boxes, the guesses are ranging from thieves' handiwork to personal enmity.The residents were shocked as the watchman Sher Singh was clueless about the whole incident. It is learnt that Singh failed to give proper explanation for the incident.The residents were alerted of the fire by smoke emanating from the basement. A resident of the apartment across the lane raised an alarm before calling cops from Rana Pratap Nagar police station.The Bakshi family has been the worst hit as three of their two-wheelers were gutted while one was partially damaged. In fact, this seems to have triggered the theory of personal enmity behind the fire. However, the Bakshis could not recall any rivalry. Bike of Ashish Dubey and Atul Rotkar too were damaged by the flames.Surprisingly, petrol from Rahul Harangaonkars' bike was found missing after the incident. A section of the residents believe it to be handiwork of some thieves. \"There has been a spurt in petrol thefts in the locality. One cannot rule out possibility of a petrol thief setting the bikes on fire,\" said Ashok Awgan, whose bike was also damaged. The residents pointed out to a similar incident at Jaitala where two bikes were gutted under mysterious circumstances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318392", "title": "'Increase in fares must to save railways'", "text": "NAGPUR: Saying that the financial condition of the railways was becoming very precarious, M Raghavaiah, general secretary of the National Federation of Indian Railwaymen (NFIR). He added that if situation got any worse, railways could go the way of Air India.\"To save the railways increasing the fares is a must. It should be hiked to 60% of the price of bus tickets,\" Raghavaiah said. He was addressing the first All India Loco Inspectors Meet held on Saturday in which representatives from all 17 zones of Indian Railways took part. It was hosted by the Central Railway Mazdoor Sangh (CRMS) Nagpur.Raghavaiah blamed politicians for the fares not being hiked for nine years now. \"The public is not opposed to price hike if they get good service,\" he said, adding that even the 2 lakh vacancies, especially in the safety department, need to be filled up.The meet also discussed various other problems specific to loco inspectors, the prime one being the issue of anomaly of payment between senior loco inspectors and those who were promoted to the post after 2006. The difference in the salaries is as much as Rs10,000.The other problems included the victimization of loco inspectors during accidents for which loco pilots were responsible, and demands for extension of risk allowance to loco inspectors and also extending the Liberalised Active Retirement Scheme for Guaranteed Employment for Safety Staff (LARGESS) to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16316811", "title": "Depressed patient kills self at AIIMS", "text": "NEW DELHI: A middle-aged woman admitted to AIIMS has allegedly committed suicide inside a bathroom of the hospital. The deceased has been identified as Maya, a resident of Dakshinpuri in south Delhi.The incident was reported on Thursday but police began inquest proceedings after the postmortem confirmed death due to hanging on Saturday.According to police, Maya was admitted to the hospital's C-2 ward on the fifth floor after doctors detected that she was suffering from typhoid.\"She got admitted on July 31. On Thursday, she was in the ward when doctors told her husband that she was also suffering from leprosy. The woman was severely depressed after hearing the news,\" said a police officer.Police said she walked to the bathroom and locked the door. She then used her dupatta to hang from the geyser of the bathroom.When Maya did not come back for a long time, her husband raised an alarm. The ward boys knocked on the locked door but did not get any response. They then broke open the door and found Maya hanging. Police sent the body to the AIIMS mortuary. No suicide note has been found.Cops said they were investigating if she was also depressed because of anything else. \"We are recording the statement of family members,\" said the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "16332407", "title": "Dozen farmers trapped in flash flood rescued", "text": "PALANPUR: A dozen farmers from Khedwa village in Khedbrahma taluka of Sabarkantha district were rescued by a team of the disaster management department and some local people after being trapped in flash floods. They had to spend an entire night on a small hillock that had been surrounded by the waters of Kosambi river till they were rescued on Saturday morning.Officials said that the farmers were returning from their fields when they were trapped. They made frantic calls for being saved but it was not possible for anyone to enter the Kosambi waters in the hilly terrain on a dark night. \"We could reach the spot only at about 4 am,\" said K B Patel of Gujarat State Disaster Management Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16320801", "title": "Jagjit Singh's wife locks horns with Bandra residents", "text": "Chitra locks horns with Bandra residents over renaming Perry Cross Residents say rechristening of roads interferes with preservation of local heritageChitra Singh, the widow of ghazal maestro Jagjit Singh , is facing tough opposition from residents of Perry Road in Bandra (west) to her proposal to rename Perry Cross Road in her husband's memory.Members of three ALMs -- Perry Road ALM, Perry Cross Road North ALM, and Perry Cross/Joggers Park ALM - have handed over letters to BMC officers opposing the renaming ahead of a ward committee meeting scheduled for Tuesday to take up the proposal.Chitra, herself an accomplished singer, has moved the proposal through Shiv Sena corporator Pooja Mahadeshwar.This is the second time Chitra is facing resistance over her attempt to rename a road in a family member's name. A proposal to name a south Mumbai road after her son Vivek Singh, who died in a tragic accident in 1990, too had met with stiff opposition. The renaming, however, went through and the Sophia college lane is now officially called Vivek Singh Road.Members of Perry Road ALMs believe renaming of roads is an avoidable indulgence that only interferes with the preservation of local heritage. \"Perry Road has been officially renamed as Master Vinayak Road. But does anybody know it by its new name. For all practical purposes, including our postal addresses, it is still Perry Road,\" said Anil Joseph, chairman, Perry Road ALM.The ALMs believe that the proposed renaming will also set a bad precedent. \"Tomorrow, anyone can come up with such a proposal to satisfy his wish. At a time when the municipal corporation is doing so much to conserve heritage, such a move will be counter-productive,\" Joseph said.Another ALM member said Carter Road, Perry Road, Perry Cross Road, Pali Naka are names integral to Bandra's history. \"Why would we want have these names changed,\" he asked, and added that the ALMs are not opposed to due credit being given to people who have contributed to the society, \"but this is not the way to do it.\"Hazel D'Souza, who is a member of both Perry Road and Perry Cross Road ALMs, said the renaming of Perry Cross Road, home to celebrities like actor Naseeruddin Shah and cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar, could trigger a race to give new names to close to eight traffic junctions in the area. One of these has already been rechristened Mohammed Lakdawalla chowk in the memory of Yusuf Lakdawalla's father. \"Thankfully, the other junctions are still known by their original names and we prefer it that way,\" D'Souza said.Sunita Vavekar, chairman of the H (east and west) Ward Committee, who will preside over Tuesday's meeting, said she hoped the renaming of Perry Cross Road will take place with a majority vote. \"We will definitely consider the residents' views. \"Jagjit Singh is a popular name and he has contributed enough to the society. Why should there be any objection to renaming a road after him?\" she said.Residents, however, believe there are other ways of remembering those who have made a difference to their lives. They quote the example of former corporator late Oliver Andrade, sports coach to almost all boys and girls growing up in the 80s in Bandra. \"There is a board in Bandra's Jogger's Park which simply says - 'Thank you, Sir'. His students referred to him as Sir,\" said Vikram Rao, secretary, Perry Cross-Jogger's Park ALM.Residents allege that Sena corporator Puja Mahadeshwar, who is pushing the renaming proposal, has no connect with the area. \"Nobody knows her here and she also does not know any resident or associations active here. This is mockery of our sentiments for our heritage and history,\" said Joseph.Where original names still rule Mahatma Jyotiba Phule Market, better known as Crawford Market Godrej Chowk, which most of Mumbai knows as Kemps Corner A few names from the days of the Raj still stand, such as Steven's Street near the Yacht Club, named after Frederick William Stevens, an engineer who designed Victoria Terminus and the Municipal Corporation Building. Walton Road, off Colaba Causeway, named after Rienzi Walton who helped develop Vihar and Tulsi lakes. Mathew Road at Opera House has been named after Francis Mathew, the chief engineer of the Bombay, Baroda and Central Indian Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16318093", "title": "Permanent schemes to tackle vagaries of nature soon: CM", "text": "AMRAVATI: The state government has decided to implement permanent schemes to tackle the vagaries of nature, said Prithviraj Chavan, chief minister here.Addressing a press conference, Chavan said some parts of the state like Amravati were facing flood-like situation while in other areas there was drought-like conditions. It was therefore important to adopt rainwater harvesting to tackle the drought. The government was mulling management of drinking water and implement permanent schemes in future to tackle drought.The chief minister, who was in city to review works in five districts of Amravati division, said, the state had sought funds to the tune of Rs2,022 crore to deal with drought. The government has also sent a proposal to the central government to extend the limit of working days of every family from 100 to 150 under National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.He said flood had caused heavy losses in Amravati division. \"I have asked the officials to submit a report of losses caused due to torrential rains in the region. We will hold a meeting on Tuesday and take a decision,\" he said.Chavan said the government has got proposal for extension of airstrips of some airports and Maharashtra Airport Development Corporation and MIDC will work on it. Rs96 crore of the Rs200 crore package announced for the farmers had been spent. Besides, the vacant posts of additional collector and tehsildar will be filled.He said the lists of drought-affected villages prepared by the government were criticized. But the fact was that these were prepared on the basis of rainfall, percentage of sowing operations and other factors, he added. The government had also started animal sheds this year.When asked about the involvement of the Dardas in the coalgate, Chavan said the CBI was investigating the matter. In reply to a question whether action would be taken against school education minister Rajendra Darda, the chief minister said the CBI would take action if he was found guilty.Shiv Sainiks show black flagsShiv Sena activists, led by MP Anand Adsul and MLA Abhijit Adsul, showed black flags to the convoy of the chief minister and also staged an agitation.They demanded to declare the Amravati as flood-affected district and announce compensation to farmers, businessmen and those swept away in the swirling waters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16318760", "title": "UPS to power Avinashi Road signals during outages", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police have started work to install power back-up on Avinashi Road to ensure that the traffic signals work even during the power cuts.The scheduled and unscheduled power cuts have been affecting the functioning of traffic signals on this stretch, which is declared a signal-free corridor. During the outages, the police have to regulate traffic manually, which fail the whole purpose of having signal- free green corridors.Several vehicles travel pass through Avinashi Road and it's important for the traffic signals to working all time to avoid traffic chaos, said T Senthil Kumar, deputy commissioner, crime and traffic. \"To ease the inconvenience caused to the motorist, the city police have decided to link the signals to a UPS system, with the help of sponsors. Three signals with the UPS system have already been fixed and these are functioning well at Anna Statue, LIC and Upplilipalayam junction,\" he said. Two more junctions will soon have UPS-supported traffic signals, he saidThere are 13 signals on Avinashi Road, which will now have power back-up. The facility can support the signals for more than three hours, Senthil said. At a few other signals solar panels have been put up, which would power traffic signals, he added.In the next phase, power back-up will be provided to at least eight signals on Mettupalayam Road. Preliminary work towards it will begin soon, but implementation will depend on the success of the initiative on Avinashi Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16332473", "title": "Amul to launch 90-day fresh milk pouch on Sept 12", "text": "VADODARA: Gujarat's famed Amul brand will ensure that you need not launch a late night hunt for your daily quota of milk or worry if you don't have a refrigerator.The Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) that markets brand Amul will launch 'Amul Moti,' an ultra high temperature (UHT) treated milk variety nationally on September 12.The nation-wide launch of this milk that remains fresh for three months even if it is stored at room temperature will ensure that branded milk is made available even to consumers in remote and milk deficient areas of the country. Amul Moti will be available in 500 ml pouches. This toned milk will be priced a little higher than the fresh milk pouch (Rs 30 per litre in Delhi market), but cheaper compared to the tetra pack packets (Rs 44 per litre of toned milk).The decision of the nation-wide launch by GCMMF comes after Mehsana's Dudhsagar Dairy, a member union of the federation, introduced the milk novelty branded as 'Sagar Moti' on Independence Day.This milk is first heated at 138 degrees celsius and then cooled so that all pathogens in it are killed. The UHT treated milk is then packaged in five-layered special pouch to increase its self life to 90 days.\"With the nation-wide launch we will target milk deficient pockets of the country, enter into unexplored territories and explore new markets and segments,\" Mehsana Dairy chairman Vipul Chaudhary, who now also heads the GCMMF, told TOI.\"We want to ensure its availability 24 hours and it should also be in common man's reach. There are states which face acute power shortage and consumers there have no means to refrigerate milk,\" said Chaudhary, adding that north Gujarat-based dairy has already installed a new packaging machinery imported from Europe at a cost of Rs 10 crore for the UHT milk variety.\"We will first make it available in select markets, especially remote areas of Jammu and Kashmir, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh,\" GCMMF's managing director R S Sodhi told TOI, adding that the pouches will be introduced in family design packs.Initially, 1 lakh litres per day milk will be processed and packaged in 500 ml pouches for the new variety from Mehsana Dairy's plants at Mehsana and Manesar in Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16317003", "title": "Baby left to die stirs love, adoption war", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a paradoxical twist of fate - a day-old girl abandoned by her biological parents triggered a fight between two families over her adoption, in Vatva on Friday. The baby was left near railway tracks in Vatva GIDC area on Friday morning and was rescued by a construction worker. He has expressed his wish to adopt her. The baby was later taken to Civil Hospital by EMRI 108 paramedics for post-delivery treatment.According to 108 officials, they got a call at 1.25 pm on Friday from Raju Damor, a resident of Vatva, about a wailing baby. \"The girl was a little ill because of the exposure to the elements,\" an official said. \"We took the baby to Civil Hospital's pediatric ward.\"Officials said that Damor had found the baby. Damor told TOI that he was going to meet his wife at her parents' home when he heard the cries of a baby. The baby had been placed near the house of his distant aunt. Damor asked his aunt why a child had been kept in the open. She came out and was shocked to find the baby. When the aunt said she did not know anything about the baby, Damor took the baby to his wife, who had given birth to a baby boy two months back.\"We developed an instant liking for the baby and my wife even breastfed her,\" said Damor. \"We decided to adopt her as she would complete our family. However, the problem arose when the aunt, who had come to see the baby, also expressed the desire to adopt her.\" To press her claim, the aunt pointed to the fact that the baby had been found near her house. The matter then went to police. \"When the baby started crying, we called 108 for help,\" said Damor.Heartening trendEMRI 108 officials said that they have been observing a reassuring trend these days. \"Even today, girls are abandoned by parents for a number of reasons,\" an official said. \"However, of late we have noted that the rescuer of an abandoned girl wants to adopt her. The society as a whole has also been supportive of adopted kids. That helps them settle into a family.\" Recently, a baby girl was found from Chandkheda hours after her birth and one of the 108 officials expressed the desire to adopt her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318277", "title": "Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology students learn to plug virtual loopholes", "text": "NAGPUR: Social networking sites, internet, mobile phones and data sharing have become inseparable parts of life today. This makes it all the more important for everybody using them to be aware of the basics of cyber security. Based on the premise that, to counter a threat, one has to think like the one who threatens, takers for ethical hacking are increasing every day.In order to equip students to manage the security of their data better, Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) organized a workshop on ethical hacking and cyber forensics titled 'Loophole' as a part of its tech fest Axis 2012. Trainers from a Delhi-based digital security firm, Kyrion Digital Securities, founded by alumni of IIT-Delhi, provided training to over 300 participants.\"The stress here is on the word 'ethical'. The aim is to teach the participants ways of preventing any untoward incident happening with them on the virtual world. E-mail hacking and misuse of photos uploaded on the internet are very common these days. So, it is better if all of us know how to protect our accounts,\" said Shreyas Joshi, a member of the organizing team from VNIT.Sulabh Jain, who has been working with the company for three years and has trained many students and professionals, describes ethical hacking as the process of finding loopholes in a website's security concerns and patching this up. \"This is not a one-time process and has to done at regular intervals. In fact, it is not just individuals but institutions that can benefit from this knowledge. We have trained people from various government organizations, armed forces, police personnel and even MNCs, many of whom consult us on a regular basis. Our job is to alert them about the vulnerabilities of their web platforms and help them get rid of those,\" he said.\"Though we all use internet so abundantly, only 30% of us actually know about the security measures they can take and not all of them use this knowledge well. With the advent of cloud computing, where millions of gigabytes of data can be shared among so many users, the role of ethical hacking in securing this data is even more important,\" said Sushant Jain, who has been conducting such workshops ever since he joined the company while still in college. The age-group that they most commonly target at such workshops and training session is 18 to 25, since they form a huge chunk of internet users.SECURITY TIPS* Configuring a security question for your e-mail and social networking account (and remembering its answer)* Having a secondary e-mail address as a back-up measure* Having mobile number verification that would send a code to your mobile phone every time you try to access your account* Reviewing and updating privacy settings of a social networking site when sharing anything, especially photos* Configuring your security settings regularly* Setting up account settings in a way that the account shows low down in public searches (the opposite of search engine optimization)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16317041", "title": "LA doctor who walked the talk", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dr Mathias Fobi, 66, is one of the few doctors in the world who prescribed himself the same surgery which he has been advising to thousands of his patients to get rid of morbid obesity and related diabetes, sleep apnea, back pain and a host of other complaints.Dr Fobi, who was in the city for a workshop on bariatric surgery, said he had gone under the scalpel last year and his weight had whittled down from 206 pounds to 140 pounds in one year. \"Most importantly, I am not on any drug for diabetes and cholesterol. Otherwise, I used to pop three pills daily for diabetes and one more for cholesterol. Now I am completely off drugs,\" said Fobi who has done 12,000 bariatric surgeries. His patients include Hollywood stars.Dr Fobi told TOI that obesity has become an epidemic due to high consumption of junk food, sedentary lifestyle and availability of high fat food which is dense in calories.Dr Fobi was invited by city-based Dr Mahendra Narwaria of Asian Bariatrics and Cosmetics and president Obesity and Metabolic Surgery Society of India.Dr Narwaria said that Dr Fobi has a specific weight loss procedure named after him as Fobi pouch gastric bypass. \"Conventionally, the stomach is cut into a pouch which is one tenth of its original size which is then connected with the small intestine after bypassing a certain portion of the intestines. Dr Fobi has designed a special band which is placed around the pouch which doesn't allow the small pouch to expand with consumption of food allowing patient to lose weight over a long period of time and not regain the weight lost,\" he said.Dr Narwaria said that many patients are not able to lose enough weight and reach their target as even the small pouch of stomach starts expanding after a year or so. \"Dr Fobi's is a novel technique and we'll undertake a joint study which will compare the results of conventional gastric bypass, sleeve gastrectomy and Fobi pouch gastric bypass,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318388", "title": "Murder accused abducts two Std XI students, arrested", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bid to collect money for his bail, a murder accused along with an engineering student, allegedly abducted and thrashed two students of Std XI and demanded ransom of Rs1.5 lakh from their parents. Timely action by a parent and description from the boys helped cops in nabbing the kidnapper duo within 24 hours of committing the crime.Police said, Lalit Thakre, 22, and accused in Ajni murder case, abducted Samyak Bankar and his friend Vikrant Niwalkar, both 17 and hailing from Chandrapur, on Wednesday night. Both the boys are science students and have been staying in Gayatri hostel in Nandanvan since last six months.Thakre kept the boys locked in a room for the whole night. He also thrashed and forced them to drink liquor. On Thursday early morning, he set them free after their parents assured him of paying the ransom amount by Friday.Shockingly, Thakre took help of Samyak's school friend, Siddharth (name changed), and a first-year engineering student, in the abduction. Nandanvan police have also rounded up Siddharth, 17, a builder's son, and sent him to remand home.Samyak in his statement to the cops said that around 9pm on Wednesday he was studying in his hostel room. Siddharth called him up for a meeting near his hostel. When Samyak went down to meet Siddharth, Thakre was with him. Both came on separate bikes.Samyak said Thakre threatened him to sit on his bike and took him to the room at Santoshi Mata Nagar in old Sakkardara. \"He locked me in the room where around four people were already present. Thakre, Siddharth and others then thrashed me and forced me to drink liquor,\" said Samyak adding that he was hit with belts.Later, Thakre took Vikrant's number from Samyak and called him to the room on the pretext of having some work. As soon as Vikrant entered the room, he too was thrashed badly. The abductors even broke the liquor bottles near them when they refused to drink.Around 11pm, Thakre called Samyak's father Aniruddha and demanded Rs1 lakh as ransom. \"He told my father that I and Vikrant are drug addicts and have taken money from him for buying narcotics. He added that since we have failed to repay him, he had kidnapped us,\" said Samyak.Police said that Thakre and Siddharth had also planned to demand Rs50,000 from Vikrant's parents.Aniruddha, who was in Mumbai for some official work, pleaded Thakre on phone to leave the boys and assured to give him the ransom after returning on Thursday.Police said it was later revealed that Thakre's house is next to the room where the boys were kept. On hearing screams from the room, Thakre's sister and mother had requested him to release the boys.\"Around midnight, Thakre set the boys free. Samyak and Vikrant returned to Chandrapur. Aniruddha returned on Thursday night and immediately alerted police,\" said senior police inspector Sunil Jaiswal adding that the victims had no old rivalry with either Thakre or Siddharth.Samyak and Vikrant later took cops to the room and also to Siddharth who then revealed Thakre's location. Police are still searching for more youths who thrashed the boys. Cops are also investigating whether there was any other reason behind the abduction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318794", "title": "Man takes job \u2018bait\u2019; drugged and robbed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Neeraj Sharma, 27, of Sector 11 was drugged and robbed of Rs 4.65 lakh by an unidentified man, in Ambala who had given an advertisement in a newspaper for the job of a caretaker in a house in Canada. He was then abandoned near Rajiv Chowk in Delhi.Before abandoning Sharma in Delhi, the culprit, a six-footer, withdrew Rs 4.65 lakh from his bank account in Induslnd Bank in Karnal.The incident came to light when a semi-conscious Sharma was found lying abandoned near Rajiv Chowk by Delhi cops. Taking him to be a drug addict, the cops took him to a hospital for treatment on September 3.Cops took Sharma to hospital and he regained consciousness only after three days.Now he is running from pillar to post to get a police complaint lodged with the Chandigarh police, Ambala police and Delhi police. Though Induslnd bank officials in Karnal showed him the CCTV footage showing culprit entering the bank and withdrawing money from his account, they did not give it to Sharma in absence of a police report. Sharma said, \"I contacted the youth after reading an advertisement for a caretaker's post in Canada. He asked me to arrange for Rs 6 lakh to show that I had that much money in my account for getting a visa. I met him near Ambala bus stand and he took me to a nearby restaurant, where he laced my coffee with some drug on August 31.\" He was then bundled into a car and taken to IndusInd Bank in Karnal where the youth withdrew the money from his account on the same day, Sharma added. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16318325", "title": "Food poisoning claims two", "text": "GONDIA: Two persons died reportedly due to food poisoning at village Bhurtola in Tiroda tehsil on Thursday. Another person is critical and undergoing treatment at KTS Government Hospital.Mesram Uikey (60) had organized a party at his residence in Bhurtola for which he had invited his friends Cheplal Bhandari (35) and Maypal Tembhare (45). The food was cooked by his grandson. They first consumed liquor and then had food.Soon after, they started feeling uneasy. Within half an hour, Mesram died while Cheplal and Maypal too developed complications. While they were being shifted to the sub-district hospital in Tiroda, Cheplal died. Maypal's condition was stated to be critical.Tiroda police have registered a case of accidental death. PSI Bariyekar said prima facie it looked like a case of food poisoning. The bodies were sent for post mortem.Dr Bodke, who is treating Maypal, said poisonous organo phosphorus might have gone in food which could be confirmed only after getting a report from the laboratory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16332457", "title": "Bag with 3L snatched from construction company staffer in Alkapuri", "text": "VADODARA: Unidentified persons robbed Rs 3 lakh in posh Alkapuri area from the employee of a construction company on Saturday around noon. The incident took place soon after the employee had withdrawn cash from a bank.According to police, the incident took place after Narayan Joshi withdrew the money from HDFC Bank in Alkapuri for payment of wages to workers of the company. Joshi had kept the money in a bag in which he had also kept Rs 10,000 belonging to himself. Soon after leaving the bank on his motorcycle, Joshi realized that his motorcycle had a puncture. He went to a petrol pump located on R C Dutt Road to get the puncture fixed. While he was present at the shop near the petrol pump, two unidentified persons came on a motorcycle and snatched the bag that he had slung on his shoulder. The duo then sped away towards Vishwas Colony and it is believed that they may have used Jetalpur Road to get away.The city police were informed regarding the incident and senior officers rushed to the spot for investigations. The officers went through the CCTV footages at the bank. It is believed that Joshi may have been followed from the bank itself and someone may have even gone inside the bank to identify a person who withdrew a large sum of money.Gotri police station has registered an offence and started investigation in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16320376", "title": "First answer my questions and then call me insane: Digvijaya Singh", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh said today that those who call him \"insane\" should first try to find answers to the issues raised by him.\"The easiest way to avoid answering the issues I raise is to call me insane,\" Digvijaya told PTI.He alleged that Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav called him \"insane\", as based on a book he had pointed out that the Thackerays had originally come from Bihar.It is out of frustration that some people term him insane, as they have no words to counter the issues raised by him, Digvijaya said adding that he is, however, not bothered by use of such words against him.\"I wish that those who call me insane, first learn to reply to all that I say and which has been proved to be true,\" Singh asserted.When he had claimed that Team Anna had political ambitions, anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare had called him insane, the Congress leader said stressing that it is now being proved right.Singh said he was termed the same by Baba Ramdev when he accused the yoga guru of being involved in money laundering , and asserted that yet again his allegations were \"right\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317187", "title": "Order is just relief on paper: V K Malhotra", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an attempt to woo the voters in the unauthorized colonies and counter the aggressive campaign of Congress, BJP has decided to hit the streets demanding that all unauthorized colonies must be regularized.A BJP delegation will soon meet Union urban development minister Kamal Nath and demand regularization of 1,639 illegal colonies on 'as-is-where-is' basis without charging any fee.The leader of the opposition in the Delhi assembly, V K Malhotra , said the Delhi government, in its September 4 notification order, \"has divided the colonies into two categories \u2014 312 on private land and 583 on government plots, and has said that the colonies on government land will have to pay the cost of land for regularization. Besides, the departments concerned will recover price, penalty and fee from the colonies on government land. Thus the notification is merely a relief on paper\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321708", "title": "I hate to repeat myself: Rajat Kapoor", "text": "He is known for his mixed bag of roles in arthouse as well as commercial films, but Rajat Kapoor says he was getting typecast in the industry after playing a suave businessman in Madhur Bhandarkar's \"Corporate\".The 51-year-old actor said he had to reject many film offers to come out of that shell and choose some out-of-the-box scripts.\"I always want to do something which is completely unique. I hate to repeat myself. After Corporate, I was getting similar kind of roles. I used to get calls from directors who wanted me to portray the same shrewd character of a businessman. But I rejected them and rather opted for other kind of films,\" Rajat told .The actor has a fair share small budgeted content-driven films including \"Bheja Fry\", \"Mithya\" and \"Phas Gaye Re Obama\" to his credit.\"I have never followed the trends. I have always jumped onto those projects which gave me enough scope to perform rather than help me earn money. I have never thought whether the audience would like it or not before signing the films,\" he said.Rajat plays a struggling writer in his recent release, director Saurabh Shukla's rom-com \" I M 24\". The film is about the new age romance, where Shubendu (Rajat) lies to impress a girl who is half his age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16318566", "title": "Pilibhit reels under tiger scare", "text": "LUCKNOW: Pilibhit is reeling under tiger scare again. A stray tiger has killed a man and a woman within a span of two days. The body of the woman was found partially eaten also. Though the feline is yet to be located, the forest department has sounded an alert and orders for tranquilising and trapping it have been issued. However, the department has denied that the tiger is a man-eater.Reports say a stray big cat, whose sex is yet to be determined, has created panic among the villagers in Pilibhit. On September 5, a man was killed in Khamaria village in Puranpur range of the Social Forestry Division of Pilibhit. The body had deep injuries on head and shoulders. Its upper portion also bore bruises and scratches, apparently from the claws of the wild animal. The post-mortem report said shock and haemorrhage caused the death. The body, however, was intact with none of the organs missing.\"Whatever be the reason, we have stepped up vigil, said A P Sinha, DFO, Shahjahanpur, who is part of the team. Puranpur range is hardly 5-6 kms from Haripur range where two tigers were found dead in May this year. The social forestry area has a lot of villagers around. Most of the villagers are from economically weaker groups, who are dependent on forest for their daily needs. As a result of which the division witnesses lot of human movement all the time, the DFO added. On September 6, a woman was found dead in Ruria Salempur village in the same range of social forestry. The body had been partially eaten and one of the legs was found missing. The body was found 11 kms from the forest area, making it clear that the big cat ventured out of the forest to kill and then prey upon the deceased.The forest department has put in place a team to tranquilise and trap the feline. The tranquilising experts, Utkarsh Shukla of the forest department and Saurabh Singhvi of the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), have reached the spot. Two elephants have also been brought for combing.The forest department, however, has yet not declared the big cat as a man-eater.Though the forest department has no clue yet about the gender of the big cat, it appears to be a case of chance encounter. \"However, rectangular pugmarks indicate it is a tigress. Some locals also have spotted a tigress with cubs in the area. Considering that it is sugarcane season, a tigress could be hiding in cane fields with her cubs. In that case, attacks could have come in defence by the feline that is nurturing her cubs. The deceased might have unknowingly gone very close to the big cat,\" said a senior forest department official in Lucknow.This is the reason why Pilibhit gets to see a lot of man-animal conflict. Census figures show that Pilibhit district is home to 30-35 tigers. The forest areas in the district also have a high human density. People are living in between forests in hamlets which has created lot of biotic pressure on the forest area.\"In all possibility, it could be a tiger searching for a safer habitat,\" said the official. Pilibhit forests also has a lot of prey base for the tigers, which is the reason why big cats keep venturing out of the forest area into sugarcane fields,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16327012", "title": "Police officer shot at by gunmen in Navi Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A police officer was shot at by two unidentified gunmen posted at Taloja jail in Navi Mumbai on Sunday evening, police said.The victim identified as Bhaskar Satre, worked in Taloja jail, police said.PSI Satre was near Rapid Action Force camp with his friend around 7pm when the incident took place, they said.The policeman was fired at from a close range and received injuries in his stomach, police said adding that Satre was immediately rushed to a local hospital.Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16325503", "title": "'Stick with Misbah as ODI skipper,' says Ramiz Raja", "text": "LONDON: Former Pakistan cricket captain Ramiz Raja believes that the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) and the national selector should continue to repose faith in Misbah-ul-Haq, and retain him as one-day skipper.In an interview given to PakPassion.net, Raja said that Pakistan's recent Twenty20 wins against Australia in the UAE under rookie skipper Mohammad Hafeez , should not mean the end of the road for Misbah's captaincy.Agreeing that the Pakistan Twenty20 squad has flair and high hopes going into the world cup in Sri Lanka, Raja said the composition of the Pakistani one-day squad needs, at the very least, a rethink.Notwithstanding the recent 2-1 defeat to Australia in UAE, Raja said that Misbah-ul-Haq still has a win percentage of 66.33 percent in this format, and therefore, should continue in the role of captain in the fifty over format for the foreseeable future.\"I would stick with Misbah-ul-Haq for the foreseeable future as captain of the one day team. I think Misbah has done a wonderful job, and Pakistan cricket does not need such jolts, as would occur if he was removed from captaining the one day team,\" Raja said.\"Misbah brought the team together after a very difficult phase for Pakistan cricket and he brings to the fore a lot of calmness. Also, I think, looking at the batting talent available to Pakistan, Misbah still fits into the team. Pakistan has not found anybody who is very talented in the middle order that can replace Misbah-ul-Haq,\" he added.\"You can query some of Misbah's tactics as captain, but I think, overall, he has done a good job, and I would not change him as captain of the one day team at this point in time,\" stated Ramiz.Raja was unsure whether Misbah would be the man leading Pakistan into the 2015 world cup.\"It all depends on Misbah's form and how Pakistan reacts under his captaincy. At this moment in time though I would like to see Misbah-ul-Haq hang around and hang in to the role of captain in the fifty over format,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16322493", "title": "Shaping Tiger's career is a huge task: Sabbir Khan", "text": "\"Kambakkth Ishq\" director Sabbir Khan, who is directing Jackie Shroff's son Tiger's debut film as an actor, says though he is excited about the project he also has an added responsibility of giving a fillip to someone's career.Sabbir is confident that casting a debutante in his second film is the right choice as Tiger fits the bill and can do justice to the character.\"It is always a great responsibility to ensure that it goes well with the actor who features in the film. More so when it is the launch pad of someone. Today he is a blank page and totally impressionable and though he would be on his own tomorrow, right now I have a huge task shaping his mindset as an actor,\" Sabbir told .The director didn't have Tiger initially in mind for the role, but after meeting him, Sabbir says he couldn't think of anybody who could suit the character better.\"I remember meeting Tiger about a year back when he knew nothing about movies or the film industry. At that time I was scripting this film about a young boy and was totally open to any actor to be cast in it.\"However, Tiger's personality continued to play in mind. The very fact that he was so raw coupled with the way he looked brought a certain uniqueness to him,\" he added.Produced by Sajid Nadiadwala, the film is titled \" Heropanti\" and is set to go on floors soon.Sabbir's first film \"Kambakkth Ishq\" didn't do well at the box office and he is making a comeback after three years.But the filmmaker is not letting the gap and his first failure affect him as he believes he has learnt a lot.\"Like any other person from the creative fraternity, I am forever learning and unlearning a lot of things. When I made ' Kambakkht Ishq', I was like this kid in a candy shop. It was Sajid and Akshay (Kumar) who goaded me into become a director and I took that responsibility and tried doing a film that fitted into the required framework. I went with the flow and had a blast.\"I was a debutante director, who shot almost his entire film in Hollywood and with cameos from top Hollywood stars that I idolized. However, it is in the past and Tiger's film is present,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16319180", "title": "LPG cylinder leak takes woman\u2019s life", "text": "BANGALORE: A leaky gas cylinder pipe claimed the life of Radha ,20, a garment factory worker . She was burnt to death when she lit the stove around noon on Saturday at her home in Hingasandra.Radha , 20, wife of Aiyappa, had not noticed the leak and as she lit the gas , her clothes caught fire . She tried to douse it and screamed for help , attracting neighbours. Radha was alone at home at the time . \"There was a leak from the gas pipe next to the regulator , and when she tried to light the stove , the gas which had spread through the kitchen caught fire , igniting her clothes,\" police said .Radha was rushed to a nearby hospital , but did not survive . Her husband Aiyappa , a security guard , had gone to work . They were married nearly a year ago , police added .Police said they had summoned the gas agency and inspectors of the gas supplier . \"She must have suffocated due to smoke . We've registered a case of unnatural death ,\" police said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16319147", "title": "Justice Manjunath to hear family matters", "text": "BANGALORE: Justice K L Manjunath will head the division bench of the Karnataka high court which will hear family court matters from Monday. The court on Friday issued a modification in roster taking away these matters from the bench headed by Justice K Bhakthavatsala.When STOI contacted Justice Bhakthavatsala, he declined to comment on the issue.On Thursday, the judge denied reports in a section of the media about his oral observations . \"Can anyone say beating your wife is right? I've never approved such kind of things. In fact, I have never passed any such order. All that I did in the interest of protecting the marriage and family was to make efforts to reconcile them, tried to counsel them. I only asked couples to forget their past and live peacefully. It is a normal practice while hearing family matters. We try to conciliate between parties but a section of the media totally misquoted it. They have taken it in a different perspective,\" he said in court during the hearing of a family court matter.There was a campaign, including an online petition to the Chief Justice of India, about the remarks. The bench headed by Justice Bhakthavatsala was scheduled to hear a case on Sept 7 wherein the state government was asked to spell out its stand on amending Section 498A of IPC to prevent its misuse.A week ago, the bench had said: \"Nowadays, the misuse of Section 498A is rising. It is because , as per the Act when any woman files a complaint, police will register the case and without verifying the correctness of the case, they arrest the husband and his family members. Instead of police directly registering the case, a woman who is victim, can file a complaint with the Karnataka State Legal Service Authority. After three or six months, if the case/ complaint is genuine, police can take further action. It'll reduce divorce cases and also avoid misuse of 498A provision.\"Lawyers' pleaAbout a fortnight ago, women advocates led by senior lawyer Pramila Nesargi submitted a representation to Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen expressing serious objection to alleged remarks by Justice Bhakthavatsala that unmarried women are not fit to argue matrimonial cases", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16332436", "title": "Ahead of polls, VMC kicks off projects", "text": "VADODARA: With the assembly elections round the corner, Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) ruled by Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has gone on a drive to inaugurate finished projects or kick off work on new ones. Such formalities regarding works over Rs 136 crore were done in the city even as those amounting to over Rs 111 crore were announced.State urban development minister Nitin Patel did the honours at a programme at Karelibaug on Saturday. The works that were inaugurated include the Ratri Bazaar - a night market for eateries at Kareibaug - that has come up at a cost of Rs 3 crore and waterworks projects amounting to Rs 10.76 crore. Work was also kicked off for 13 road projects, the Joy Train and musical dancing laser fountain at Kamatibaug as well as water supply projects - all totalling to Rs 123.01 crore.Patel also announced new projects worth Rs 111.81 crore that will be taken up in the city. These include four multi-speciality hospitals, one swimming pool at Karelibaug, 20 urban health centres, one bridge, four anganwadis and others.The Congress has criticized the move stating that it was election-oriented and the VMC should instead focus on projects taken up earlier that were yet to be completed.\"The Ratri Bazaar has no vendors yet as there are no takers for the stalls there. It will stay locked despite the inauguration. The works that were completed recently are also of substandard quality. The city will not benefit in any way in the near future due to such programmes,\" city Congress unit president Narendra Ravat said. Ravat said the Congress would conduct an agitation to expose the tall claims. \"The ground reality is that the citizens are facing problems due to lack of civic amenities. We will start locking VMC facilities if it comes to light that they are not performing,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318395", "title": "Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu violated coal ministry norms by auctioning block", "text": "NAGPUR: The greed for easy money from coal was not restricted to private companies only. Even state-owned units realized the potential so much so that the Maharashtra State Mining Corporation Limited (MSMC) and the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) were at loggerheads over a coal block that the two were jointly allotted in Chhattisgarh in 2006.Going against the norms of the coal ministry, the block was auctioned first by MSMC and then by Maha Tamil Collieries Limited (MTCL), a joint venture of the two allottees, with both standing to gain immensely. Neither made any attempt to inform the coal ministry about the auction even though the dispute between the two companies was settled in New Delhi.The MSMC, which held only 23% share, went on to auction its part without informing the TNEB and even wanted the ministry to split the block. It was only when the ministry put its foot down that the two shook hands, formed a JV and then auctioned the block together on August 28, 2009. The highest bidder Lanco has to produce the coal and establish a 2000mw power plant in Chhattisgarh.The agreement with Lanco too is highly suspicious as MSMC gets the coal free of cost and TNEB the power at a heavily subsidized rate as well as revenue from coal. Lanco gets to sell any additional power that it generates.The MSMC was allotted four captive coal blocks - 3 in Vidarbha and another in Chhattisgarh. The Gare Palma block was in Chhattisgarh and allotted jointly with the TNEB on August 2, 2006. In the block comprising geological reserves of 768 million tonne (mt) coal, the MSMC was given only a share of 23% of total reserves. Thus, the MSMC was entitled for 175 mt and TNEB 593 mt.According to data available with MSMC, the block was spread over 24.25 sq.km and allotted specifically to be used for power generation. The MSMC auctioned Gare Palma block along with its other three allotments in 2008.A source in the MSMC told TOI that the private companies which participated in the bidding process sought clarification about the method of mining to be undertaken and excavation of coal. \"Private companies wanted MSMC's portion to be demarcated. Then we had no option but to intimate TNEB about the auction plan. Miffed, the TNEB wrote to the MoC seeking advice on the split,\" the source said. The coal ministry said there was no such provision.The MSMC's auction was won by top power company Indiabulls Group. \"We were to get Rs17 per tonne for our share. We would also have got another 51% from the total revenue from the sale of coal. But the tender had to be cancelled as it was incorrect,\" the source said.After the coal ministry intervened, the MTCL was formed with its headquarters in the city. The JV went on to float a tender inviting private companies to develop the coal block and also establish a 2,000MW power plant in Chhattisgarh.Here too the MSMC and TNEB had different views on sharing the gains. Even though Maharashtra is facing severe power shortage and bills are high due to purchase from private power producers, the MSMC was not ready to accept the power to be generated from the Lanco plant. Instead, the MSMC wanted the coal from its share in the block the sale of which would have fetched it more money.The TNEB too could have chose MSMC's path but it seemed wary of the power shortfall in the Tamil Nadu and hence opted to source the power from Lanco's plant.As reported by TOI on Saturday, MSMC has also made JVs for its two other allotted blocks in Vidarbha. These are commercial blocks from which the company has already got Rs205 crores. The amount is expected to rise five times once the production starts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16317998", "title": "'Concept of equality should remain flexible': Justice Srikrishna", "text": "NAGPUR: Retired Supreme Court judge justice BN Srikrishna on Saturday insisted that the concept of equality should remain flexible. \"Equality, like other constitutional doctrines, should be necessarily left somewhat elastic, or its very rigidity will negate the purpose for which it was evolved,\" he said.He was delivering the keynote address during the advocate NL Belekar lecture series organized by High Court Bar Association (HCBA) at Deshpande hall. The topic of his talk was 'concept of equality under the Constitution'. Chief justice of Bombay High Court Mohit Shah was the guest of honour while senior judges Sharad Bobde and Pratap Hardas shared the dais with HCBA president Anil Mardikar and secretary Abhay Sambre. A galaxy of dignitaries from the legal field along with many past and present judges thronged the venue which was packed to the brim to listen to the chief guest who was well known for his one man panel constituted by the Maharashtra government to probe Mumbai riots of December 1992 and January 1993 aftermath of Babri Masjid demolition.Citing excerpts from Rig Veda and Vedanta, he elaborately explained the concept of equality in his impressive 30-minute speech. \"Equality was said to exist when equals were treated equally. As per Rig Veda, no one is superior or inferior. But despite this lofty declaration, its application in practice is beset with difficulties,\" Justice Srikrishna, who had a brief stint in the Nagpur bench as a judgesaid.He added that the equality referred to the relationship that existed between two things measured by a common standard and found indistinguishable. \"Equality, thus is a singularly and profoundly enigmatic concept that has meant different things to different people at different times and in different places.\"Citing universal declaration of human rights adopted by the United National General Assembly in 1948, the former CJ of Kerala High Court said it left its deep impact on the framers of Indian Constitution. \"Almost all Constitutions of different countries contain the concept of 'equality before the law' and 'equal protection of laws' in one form or other,\" Justice Srikrishna, who started his career with Bombay High Court in 1962, said.He pointed out that the law should prohibit any discrimination and guarantee on any ground such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status.Citing Article 14 of the Constitution, Justice Srikrishna who was elevated as SC judge in 2002 said its ambit was not restricted to the citizens of India as in case of some fundamental rights, but being founded upon egalitarianism and humanism, it inures in favour of any person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16326795", "title": "Bandra residents protest renaming of a road after late ghazal singer Jagjit Singh", "text": "MUMBAI: When residents of Bandra in suburban Mumbai protested against the civic administration's proposal to rename a landmark road after a late ghazal singer, it reopened an issue which has turned into a farce.Since the past four decades, corporators, desperate to woo the electorate, have determinedly continued to name and rename every stretch of lane and bylane of the city. In the latest case, residents of Perry Cross Road in Bandra (west) protested when the widow of the late ghazal maestro Jagjit Singh, proposed that the road be renamed in her husband's memory.The business of renaming the city's landmark roads and institutions, which has become such a fashion with politicians, has reached such bizzare dimensions in the past couple of decades, skeptics say, that the \"only things left to be named are the lamp-posts''.Just ask the cabbie to take you to Lokhitwadi Gopalrao Hari Deshmukh Marg. Or, even better, tell the conductor to give you a ticket to Kranti Veer Vasudeo Balwant Phadke Chowk. Chances are that you might be pushed out of the vehicle for being a Smart Alec. But watch their expressions change when you shun the official nomenclature and tell them that what you actually had in mind was Peddar Road and Dhobi Talao respectively.What is more shocking is that many streets and chowks have been named after deceased relatives of influential people who have made no contribution to the city whatsoever.It is believed that some corporators are frequently approached by those interested in naming a chowk after a deceased family member. The corporator takes his pound of flesh to put up a proposal before the administration.The civic administration should issue a complete ban on this renaming game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16317370", "title": "Tariff shock awaits Emerging Kerala summit delegates", "text": "KOCHI: Gone are the days of atithi devo bhava. With around 2,000 delegates expected to arrive in Kochi for the Emerging Kerala meet that the city hosts from September 12-14, luxury hotels have hiked room tariffs. Those who are scrambling to get accommodation now will have to shell out up to 30% more than the usual rate.At Le Meridien, Kochi, the main venue of the meet, there is no vacancy. \"Our hotel is fully booked. Almost 65% of the rooms are booked by delegates and members who would attend the event. Majority of them have booked rooms for three days,\" said Chinnu Jimmy, assistant manager (PR), Le Meridien.September, usually, is considered to be an off-season for tourism in the state. During this period, tariff at five-star hotels is in the range of Rs 4,500-6,000, depending on the room category and at four-star hotels it hovers between Rs 3,500 and Rs 4,000. During the summit days, rates at five star hotels would climb up to Rs 7,500. Four star hotels would charge guests between Rs 4,000 and Rs 5,000.Sources said the state government had instructed hotel managements not to hike tariffs in a manner that kept delegates away. A hotel manager, on condition of anonymity, said: \"Hotel tariffs are like air fares. When the demand is high and supply limited, tariffs go up. We were planning to charge the season rack rate during the three days of the event as rooms in city hotels would be fully booked. But the government requested us not to overprice. We have decided not to charge exorbitant rates.\"Suresh Kumar , general manager, Ramada Resort, Kochi, agrees. \"The government does not want foreign delegates to go back with an impression that Kerala is an expensive tourist destination. So, we have hiked the room tariff only by 30%.\"Many delegates, probably due to increased tariff, have booked rooms only for a day or two. \"We thought that most delegates would book with us for all three days of the event. But it seems a large number of delegates would be interested in attending only the inaugural session,\" said an official from Taj Group of resorts.But those who had planned in advance have no reason to worry. \"We have given discounts to those who had done advance bookings to attract more people for the meet\", said Jose Pradeep, treasurer, Association of Approved and Classified Hotels of Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "16318576", "title": "Villagers lock school over staff shortage", "text": "FEROZEPUR: Peeved at state education department's failure to appoint required teaching staff, villagers and students locked the government high school in Kotkarod Kalan village in Talwandi Bhai block under Ferozepur district on Saturday and raised slogans against the state government.Residents of the village squatted outside the school gate through the day and said that dharna would be lifted only when the department would appoint required teaching staff in the school.The villagers alleged that they were forced to lock the school gate as the official concerned failed to address their demand for appointing sufficient teaching staff in the school. Rajinder Singh, an attendant of a student, said the school has nearly 400 students and there were only four teachers, including the principal, to teach them.Villagers said the department had not made alternate arrangements following the retirement and transfers of some of school teachers. Due to this, studies of the students were suffering while there was no response from the department.Later, school Principal, Anita Joshi, reported the matter to district education officer at Ferozepur and an official of the department, Pardeep Kumar, was deputed to resolve the issue. Villagers later opened the locks after the official and village sarpanch, Awtaar Singh, promised to increase the number of teachers by next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317115", "title": "Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation blues: 2,700 parents get training", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central Board of Secondary Education has trained over 2,700 parents as a communication link to address issues relating to Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system. These 'Parents Advocate' will keep a check on the bias creeping in the CCE system in schools, and also educate fellow parents about the system. Such groups are being trained in each region and city to take up grievances of students from various schools. This network will be formally inducted from November and is expected to be a form of informal monitoring of assessment under CCE.According to CBSE sources, Allahabad at 708 has the largest pool of trained parents advocate at present, followed by Chennai with 680 and Bhubaneshwar with 499. A total of 2,724 parents have been trained by CBSE so far.\"We cannot reach everywhere. But parents deal at individual level and can reach schools to monitor how CCE has been practiced on daily basis. These parents will be a link between the schools, parents and the Board,\" said chairman of CBSE, Vineet Joshi.Joshi added, \"The role of teacher is immense under the CCE system and one casual statement by a teacher can completely demoralize a student. Therefore teachers need to be sensitive.\"There has been increasing concern about how the CCE system is being approached by schools and teachers and how various assignments given to students as project work are evaluated. Therefore, this network of parents will take up issues at individual level and present them to the Board.\"If any student faces any kind deliberate and malafide action by teacher or school, they can contact any of the parent advocate in his/ her city or region. The parent advocate will then inform the Board,\" said Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "istanbul ( turkey )", "code": "16326242", "title": "Abhijeet gets silver, bronze for Tania at Chess Olympiad", "text": "ISTANBUL ( Turkey ): Grandmaster Abhijeet Gupta won a silver by pocketing seven points out of nine games while Tania Sachdev turned out to be the best woman performer for India with a bronze medal in the Chess Olympiad, that concluded on Sunday.The Indian women team dished out its best-ever performance with a fourth place finish after defeating France 2.5-1.5 in the final round.D Harika and Soumya Swaminathan won on the first and fourth board while Tania played out a draw on the second to ensure and Indian victory by a minimal margin even as Mary Ann Gomes suffered a reversal.It was a very dismal show by the Indian men who finished 35th in overall standings starting as the 13th seed.Tania bagged nine points out of a possible 11 and was second best on the third board. The individual gold for this board was won by Nadezhda Kosintseva of Russia.\"This has been a dream. We were the sixth seeds so I knew we had a fair chance. We came very close to the medal but no regrets, we lost only to the two best teams and personally, after a quite some time, I am truly happy with my performance,\" Tania said.Gupta scored an excellent seven points out of nine games and had the second best performance on the fourth board behind Vladislav Tkachiev of France.Bhilwara-based Abhijeet was pragmatic when asked about personal results.\"In a team event this was not the only thing I was looking for, we did not do too well as a team, simply too many draws conceded. Personally it's a milestone, I was playing decently and was lucky in patches, happens all the time,\" he said.Abhijeet, who was rested, however could not help the team salvage some pride against Azerbaijan as Indian men suffered their first defeat in the Olympiad by a minimal margin. P Harikrishna lost to Shakhriyar Mamedyarov while the other three boards ended in draws.Meanwhile, Armenia won the gold medal in the open section after beating Hungary 2.5-1.5 in the final round. Russia matched Armenia on 19 Match points after an easy 3-1 victory against Germany but Armenia had the better tiebreak.The Russian men had to be content with the silver while Ukraine got the bronze defeating overnight joint leader China 3-1.Russian women won the women's section with a 4-0 whitewash of Kazakh eves in the final round here. With 19 match points, Russia edged China for the gold medal with better tiebreak. Ukrainian eves got the Bronze medal in this section.Important results final round:Men: Ukraine (18) beat China (17) 3-1; Hungary (15) lost to Armenia (19) 1.5-2.5; Russia (19) beat Germany (15) 3-1; Poland (15) lost to United States Of America (17) 1.5-2.5; Argentina (14) lost to Netherlands (16) 1-3; Vietnam (16) beat Uzbekistan (14) 3-1; Romania (16) beat Philippines (14) 3-1; Cuba (15) beat Slovenia (13) 2.5-1.5; Azerbaijan (15) beat India (13) 1.5-2.5 (Safarli Eltaj drew with K Sasikiran; P Harikrishna lost to Shakhriyar Mamedyarov; Rauf Mamedov drew with Parimarjan Negi; G N Gopal drew with Gadir Guszeinov); England (15) beat Czech Republic (13) 2.5-1.5.Women: Russia (19) beat Kazakhstan (15) 4-0; Bulgaria (14) lost to China (19) 1.5-2.5; Ukraine (18) beat Germany (15) 3.5-0.5; France (15) lost to India (17) 1.5-2.5; Almira Skripchenko lost to D Harika, Tania Sachdev drew with Sophie MIlliet; Nino Maisuradze beat Mary Ann Gomes; Soumya Swaminatha beat Andreea Bollengier; Poland (14) lost to Armenia (16) 1.5-2.5; Peru (14) lost to Romania (2.5) 1.5-2.5; Uzbekistan (14) lost to Iran (15) 0.5-3.5; Spain (13) lost to Georgia (15) 1.5-2.5; USA (15) beat Israel (13) 3-1; Belarus (15) beat Azerbaijan (13) 2.5-1.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16318254", "title": "CM in Trichy on September 13", "text": "TRICHY: The Rs 1-crore project of laying a raised two-metre-wide pedestrian corridor from Amma Mandapam bathing ghat to Sri Ranganathswamy temple in Srirangam was undertaken on a war footing as news of the CM's visit to Trichy was once again confirmed, for September 13.Meanwhile, the giant stage that had been erected for the CM's arrival in front of the famous temple and from where she was to hand out welfare largesse to a number of people of her constituency, was dismantled to give way to the Krishna Jayanthi Perumal Purappadu.\"The invitation has been printed, and the first government function will start at 11.45 am on September 13. An hour later, the CM will inaugurate the day-long Annadanam scheme at the temple,\" said a spokesman from the public relations department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16318019", "title": "Fitting finale to Madras HC\u2019s 150th anniversary celebrations", "text": "CHENNAI: Matching the rich legal heritage of the 150-year-old Madras high court in grandeur, the higher judiciary concluded the sesquicentennial celebrations with a well-attended valedictory on Saturday. While President Pranab Mukherjee sounded a note of caution and asked the judiciary to respect the boundaries that separate the legislature, executive and the judiciary, Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa stole the thunder by enhancing the death benefit for advocates from the existing 2 lakh to 5.25 lakh.The valedictory, marking the end of the celebrations kicked off in November 2011, had the who's who of the Indian judiciary, including the Chief Justice of India-designate Justice Altamas Kabir, Union law minister Salman Khurshid and the Press Council of India chairman, Justice Markandey Katju, in attendance.Speaking at the function, Mukherjee said the only check on the judiciary's exercise of powers is \"self-imposed discipline and self-restraint.\" He said the credibility of the judiciary will depend on the quality of the judges who man various courts in the country. \"Therefore, the process of selection and appointment of judges should conform to the highest of standards and should be based on well-established principles,\" he said. \"Filling of (judge) vacancies in courts across the country is a matter that must be taken up as a priority,\" he said, adding: \"We must make haste in this regard, but without compromising on quality.\"Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah said that the common man should be made aware of his rights and duties enshrined in the Constitution. \"Easy access to courts, quick disposals and fair justice is what the people want,\" he said. While law minister Salman Khurshid asked the judiciary to be aware of the global economic developments while adjudicating issues, the Justice Altamas Kabir said the justice delivery system should reach the poor occupying the lowest rung of the ladder.Justice P Sathasivam, judge, Supreme Court, said the Madras high court had transited from being an institution established under colonial administration to an institution of sovereign state upholding rights of its people. He said the Madras high court represented a wider cross sections of the society compared with many other high courts in India.Justice Aftab Alam, judge, Supreme Court, said superior courts in the country were duty-bound to encourage and foster a general Indian national identity, whereas Justice F M Ibrahim Kalifulla of the apex court said the judiciary should be mindful of three 'H's -- hard work, honesty and integrity, and healthy atmosphere.Madras HC Chief Justice M Y Eqbal said the Madras high court and the subordinate judiciary in Tamil Nadu topped the disposal record in the whole country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16318440", "title": "Hospital duty ad irks doctors", "text": "PATNA: Doctors have reacted sharply to the state health department's advertisement in newspapers which alleged the doctors were violating the department's August 13 circular which made it mandatory for the doctors posted in government medical colleges &amp; hospitals, IGIMS and IGIC to mark their attendance twice - once when they reported for duty and again when they called it a day.The ad on September 6 said the doctors were pulling the wool over the eyes of the administration by returning home immediately after marking their attendance and coming again in the evening to mark their second attendance. Through the ad, the department urged the people to turn sort of whistleblowers and provided them telephone numbers to lodge their complaints about doctors not found on duty so that action could be taken against them.Doctors of government medical colleges, IMA representatives and Bihar Health Services Association (BHSA) members held a meeting on Friday and condemned the circular, terming it as an affront to the doctors. They said the move would encourage antisocial elements and lead to increase in the incidents of attack on doctors.\"It seems the government feels doctors alone are to blame for all the ills afflicting the state's health sector. But the fact is that we have been doing our best to provide quality medicare to the people even though there is acute shortage of doctors in the state,\" said state IMA president Dr A K Thakur.BHSA general secretary Dr Ajay Kumar berated the bureaucracy for the ills afflicting the health sector. He said the government was not paying attention to lack of human resources and shortage of medicines at government hospitals. It also failed to get MCI nod to open new medical colleges in the state, he said.Dr Kumar also feared the ad would goad antisocial elements into violent action against doctors. \"We will soon meet the chief minister and the health minister,\" he said.Incidentally, the doctors had earlier voiced their protests against the circular when it was issued last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16318399", "title": "Youth held for extortion bid", "text": "PATNA: One Rohit Kumar (24) was arrested on Saturday from City Chowk police station area for trying to extort money from a computer centre owner.City Chowk SHO Pushkar Kumar said, \"Rohit was trying to extort Rs 5 lakh from a local computer centre owner. An FIR in this connection was lodged with the police on August 23.\" He added that Rohit and one of his friends threatened the computer centre owner that they would kill his son if he informed the police. However, police said, Rohit had no criminal antecedents.Meanwhile, the City Chowk SHO said that Naushad, who had stabbed his father and mother over a petty issue at his residence at Harnaha Tola on Friday, was yet to be arrested.Seven held in suicide case: City police on Saturday arrested seven people in connection with the suicide of a private firm's salesman, Vishal Kumar, on Friday. Vishal (29) could not bear the tension of a broken family and chose to end his life, leaving behind a13-page suicide note. An FIR was lodged with the Patrakar Nagar police station on Friday afternoon.City SP, Patna , Jayant Kant said, \"The seven arrested persons were named in the FIR and were forwarded to a local court. Those arrested include Vishal's wife Priti, his father-in-law Dilip Singh, brothers-in-law Prashant and Priyaranjan, sister-in-law Minakshi, relatives Santosh Singh and Guria Devi. All of them were arrested from Patrakar Nagar.\"The suicide note blamed several of his relatives for his plight. Vishal mentioned that he belonged to a well-to-do joint family. But his wife Priti used to insist that he move out of his family and form a nuclear family. Vishal was not ready to take such a step and Priti left him on this issue. Sanjeev Shekhar Jha, SHO, Patrakar Nagar said, \"The rest of the letter shows Vishal's emotional breakdown. He was quite depressed due to the pressure exerted by his wife and in-laws.\"Vishal committed suicide by hanging himself with the help of a rope at his residence at south Chitragupta Nagar under Patrakar Nagar police station area on Friday afternoon. Vishal was posted at Chhapra, said Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16323609", "title": "Punjab beat Chhattisgarh 7-0 at Junior National Men's Hockey Championship", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four goals, including a hat-trick and a goal, by Akashdeep Singh helped Punjab launch its campaign in style with a 7-0 win over Chhattisgarh at the 2nd India Junior National Men's Hockey Championship being held at the Major Dhyan Chand Stadium in Lucknow on Wednesday.Akashdeep Singh scored his first in the first half and again in 54th, 57th and 64th minutes to complete his maiden hat-trick in the championship.Chandigarh, who lost to Karnataka in their opening match by 0-2 on Tuesday, staged a comeback with 10-1 win against Jammu and Kahsmir.Meanwhile, Two wins in as many as matches has put Karnataka on the brink of last eight. Karnataka had won 5-0 win against Kerala earlier in the day.Captain Aiyappa PR Paranandan led from the front, scoring two goals in the first 11 minutes. Basvaraj Amdiger, She She Gowda and Mallikarjun Aikur contributed with a goal each.Tamil Nadu beat Uttrakhand 5-0 while SAI Bhopal and Maharashtra split points after playing a 1-1 draw.SAI took the lead in the 29th minute through Nitesh, who converted a penalty stroke. But six minutes before the hooter, Kartik Sharma converted a penalty corner to level the score.Earlier, defending champions Haryana got a walk-over from Assam as their rivals failed to turn up for the second consecutive day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16317167", "title": "Can't doze off? Check your diet and lifestyle", "text": "KOLKATA: An erratic lifestyle is the major reason behind insomnia, say experts. And it explains why more and more youngsters are now falling prey to the disorder, which generally affected the elderly. Late-nights, fast food and internet addiction have upset schedules and altered lifestyles drastically, they point out. Sleep is the most obvious casualty of an inconsistent routine.\"The sleep cycle has changed for a large number of youngsters. They prefer to study late, be on the Internet or on the phone for hours after that and then hit the bed around 4 am. Naturally, they get up late and follow a delayed schedule. Now, there's a limit to which you can do that. Sleeping hours are bound to get compressed and eventually result in insomnia,\" said psychiatrist Jai Ranjan Ram.Hyperactivity prevents the body from preparing for sleep, according to Suresh Ramasubban, critical care specialist at Apollo Gleneagles Hospital. \"One needs time to unwind and prepare for sleep. You just can't keep moving from one activity to another till late at night and then jump on to bed and hope to doze off. Especially, if your schedule is not consistent. You must allow your body to get into a rhythm, which many youngsters are refusing to do now,\" said Ramasubban, who runs a sleep clinic at Apollo.It's easier to handle insomnia which results from emotional stress and trauma, say experts. \"There will always be those who lose sleep following an emotional distress. They don't have a lifestyle issue, so it's easier to deal with them. They usually get back to their usual sleep schedule as they get rid of the emotional stress. But an erratic lifestyle is difficult to correct. In fact, a large number of these youngsters are addicted to alcohol and drugs. In fact, too much coffee and cigarettes, too, could lead to insomnia,\" said psychiatrist Siladitya Ray.Playing computer games or watching TV till late at night could lead to sleep disruption as well. \"These keep your brain active even as you are in bed, trying to doze off. The more active the brain, the longer it takes for it to shut down, often leading to insomnia,\" said Ramasubban.What has left experts worried is the fact that a lot of youngsters are losing Rapid Eye Movement (REM) sleep. \"There are three stages of sleep. With age, you don't need the REM. This is why the elderly can do with four to six hours of sleep. Now, we come across youngsters who have lost the REM , which affects their health,\" said Ramasubban.A regular lifestyle and a proper 'sleep hygiene' are the remedies, suggests Ram. \"Medicines don't always work. Prepare yourself for sleep every night. Set aside a time to relax and wind down. You can't have coffee or alcohol during this period. Or, watch TV for a long period. More importantly, get into a consistent routine. Insomnia will be taken care of,\" Ram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16324777", "title": "Maharashtra govt denies bank guarantee to 13 sugar factories", "text": "PUNE: The state government has decided not to offer its guarantee to the economically weak sugar factories in the state as there is a severe scarcity of sugarcane.If the 'sick' factories are allowed to function, they may not be able to use their optimum capacity and eventually incur losses. The state co-operation department has thus decided not to offer financial assistance to such 13 co-operative factories, so that the sugarcane grown near the factories can be diverted to other factories, said a senior official from state co-operation ministry.Last year, about 120 co-operative factories had crushed sugarcane and produced sugar. This year, the number will be less by at least 13. Officials said that there could be some more factories which will not crush sugarcane. The sugarcane crushing season in the factories begins in November 2012. The season generally lasts till April end. The scarcity of water and low returns in last two years has brought down the area under sugarcane this year. The area under sugarcane was about 10 lakh hectares in crushing season 2011-12. This has dropped to eight lakh hectares this year. The state thus has estimated a drop of 30 lakh tonne sugar this year compared to previous year production of 90 lakh tonne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16318504", "title": "Blow to land sharks violating consolidation laws", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana's land consolidation law, ideally meant to help farmers pool their resources in a better way, seems to have turned out to be a godsend for several realty firms in the state.However, a recent Punjab and Haryana high court order quashing the land allotments to 20 real estate firms and individuals for violating the rules came as a shock to the land sharks in the state. The builders had obtained around 24 acres of prime panchyat land worth crores in villages surrounding Gurgaon by exchanging their plots located in different areas of the village. The firms, in connivance with the revenue department officials, had violated laws at will to get realty at prime locations.Documents accessed by TOI reveal that how the land was purchased by companies in the villages just a few years ago and was exchanged with chunks of panchayat land, which was located at Gawal Pahari, Behrampur, Bandhwari, Balola, Ulhawas, Ghata and Badshahpur villages which are close to Delhi and had potential to set up farm houses and other business establishments.The HC on September 6 quashed the land allotments in these villages (now Sectors 58 to 63 and 65 to 67 of Gurgaon). The 24-acre panchayat land was given to the builders between 2008 and 2009 by the department of consolidation of holdings in violation of the law. Land consolidation is the process of merging framers' land scattered in different locations in the same village to help them make optimum utility of the resources. Around 95% of the land consolidation process has already been completed in Haryana.According to rules, if any villager has objections to the consolidation process, an appeal can be filed within six months of completion of the exercise. As far as the 20 realty firms' land is concerned, the process of consolidation was completed between 1957 and 2001. And the applications for exchange of land were moved in 2008 and 2009 and just a few days later, the officials allotted the panchayat land to the companies.\"The beneficiaries had purchased the land much after the process of consolidation and hence were not entitled to any relief,\" said an official quoting the records which indicate that the land was purchased between 2005 and 2009 in many cases.In one case at Behrampur village (Gurgaon), the land consolidation was completed in 1964-65. The plot belonging to a company, Marigold Mercantile Private Limited, was mutated (an exercise to transfer ownership in record) on June 3, 2008. On July 2, 2009, the company filed a case with then director (consolidation) for exchange of its land with the panchayat land which was allowed within days.In a letter to the government on July 25, Ashok Khemka, present director general of consolidation of land holdings, stated that these orders were passed under Section 42 of the Consolidation Act with the directors themselves accepting the applications straight from the firms. However, Section 42 is meant for review of exchange of land cleared by junior officers. It means that such applications can be filed only against the orders of junior officers, which was not the case in these matters.Exposing further holes in the exercise, the official said, \"the utilization or disposal of panchayat land is for the benefit of the inhabitants of the village concerned. Most of the transfers (in these cases) are in favour of private companies who cannot be said to be inhabitants of the village. Moreover, the private parties in whose favour the panchayat land was transferred in 2008-09 would not have been in existence during the pendancy of the consolidation proceedings, which were finalized more than 40-45 years ago.\"According to the rules, any land belonging to a non-inhabitant of the village cannot be exchanged with the panchayat land.\"It is feared that there may be several such orders. The divisional commissioners may be directed to dig out all such orders made under Section 42 of the Consolidation Act in the past, thereby exchanging panchayat land with the land of private parties without the specific approval of the state government,\" Khemka added in the letter to the government recommending \"registration of criminal case and probe by an agency like CBI since the involvement of higher-ups cannot be ruled out\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16317306", "title": "Villager booked for firing in the air", "text": "GURGAON: A villager fired in the air at a jagaran at Khandsa village and fled the spot late on Friday night. Although no one was hurt in the incident, police have lodged an FIR against the accused, who is on the run. The Kherki Dhaula police have lodged an FIR against Shiv Charan, resident of Khandsa village.The complainant, Krishan Kumar, said while a jagaran was going on in the village on Friday night, Shiv Charan came there and fired in the air out of the blue. Immediately fear gripped the people present and there was commotion. The villagers tried to nab him but he fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "3919829", "title": "Aamir Khan's girl bonding", "text": "Aamir Khan had more girl friends than male friends when he was a kid. He was also nicknamed Kanhaiyalal by his family because he was always surrounded by girls.His mother was requested by Aamir's teacher to shift Aamir to a boy's school as he used to always argue with his girl counterparts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318939", "title": "PISA vasool this year?", "text": "Indian students did so badly in the 2009 PISA test that they may not sit for the latest edition of the exam. Officials say the questions don't conform to our sensibilities, but experts believe the problem lies in the way we teach our kids.The question seems simple enough. There are four diagrams, each showing apple and conifer trees. The student is quizzed on the number of trees in each. One would think it would be a breeze for any 15-year-old . Another mathematical question shows a farmhouse with the roof in the shape of a pyramid and appropriate measurements. Students are asked to calculate the area of the square floor and the length of one of the horizontal edges of the block. Easy again. So why did Indian students fare so badly in the PISA (Programme for International Student Assessment ) 2009 test that they were practically at the bottom? The answer lies in the way we teach in India, say experts.The HRD ministry , however , believes these questions were out-of-sync with our socio-cultural milieu. PISA, incidentally, is an international test launched by the Organization for Economic Cooperation Development (OECD) to evaluate mathematical , English and science abilities of students at the end of compulsory education. It's done every three years and some 70 countries have taken them. India voluntarily took it in 2009 and 16,000 students were randomly selected by OECD from 400 schools in Himachal Pradesh and Tamil Nadu, says a senior official of the ministry. But after the dismal results India's participation this year now hangs in balance.\"India is already late for the 2012 test as preparations began a year in advance. If the questions conform to our sensibilities , we will take part. We will enter into a correspondence with OECD before taking a final call,\" says the official. But it may already be too late. The question is: why participate at all if one is not ready for it?Sunday Times perused reading, mathematics and science sample tests of PISA. One reading sample deals with bees (foragers) collecting nectar to make honey. They tell other bees where the nectar is by a dance performance. Questions pertain to the purpose of the dance, the three main sources of nectar and the difference between honey and nectar. It's obvious most questions need reasoning skills.Sydney Rebeiro, former dean, University of Delhi, says such standardized tests factor in various levels of education. But the HRD official says these tests would be difficult for children in rural areas. \"If the child hasn't heard of airbags, hot air balloons and ATMs, he won't even attempt those questions. Also, such detailed questions would be confusing; straight questions would work better.\" But surely international tests can't be tailor-made for each country? Besides , other countries are also taking these tests.The answer to India's poor showing lies in the PISA website itself which says it does not test how well a student has mastered a school's curriculum but assesses the extent to which he can apply his knowledge to real-life situations. And that's why the results haven't surprised experts.Vimala Ramachandran, national fellow at the National University of Educational Planning and Administration, says, \"Our children are very good at rote learning. But higher analytical skills and comprehension are poor, which is what PISA checks. They need special coaching for IIT and MBA exams to think differently. There is an information overload on children.\" When the National Curriculum Framework 2005 attempted to change the education system to a more analytical way of thinking, it met with resistance from certain states, she says.A teacher from Chennai explains the problem in Tamil Nadu. \"In 2010, the state adopted the Samacheer Kalvi system of equitable education wherein there would be a single board. This lowered the standard of education. Earlier, different education boards catered to different intellectual levels of children. Now, even the blueprint for exam papers is given, so smart kids learn selectively. Children have no habit of extensive reading nor are they encouraged to think.\" Besides, Tamil Nadu teachers have long hours of work from morning till evening, so where is the time to encourage analytical thinking, asks Rebeiro.China was smart enough to change itself to meet the challenges of the market economy. The results are there to see. Like India, it participated in PISA for the first time in 2009. And surprisingly , Shanghai topped, beating previous contenders like Finland and South Korea. OECD's Andreas Schleicher, who was responsible for PISA tests, reportedly told BBC that the results were remarkable. \"Even in rural areas, you see a remarkable performance,\" he noted. It was reported that when Schleicher visited a poor province in China, the most impressive buildings were often schools, not shopping centres. And the amazing thing, as Ramachandran says, is that China, too, had rote learning but a concerted effort was made to change the curriculum and the education system.Does India have the will to change too? If so, the PISA test could be a valuable lesson for India's educationists and policy-makers .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16318240", "title": "Saif quizzed in car duty evasion case", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Saif Ali Khan was on Saturday questioned for over three hours in connection with alleged evasion of duty on his imported high-end car.Sources in the Enforcement Directorate (ED) said the actor was questioned over the mode of payment. Officials suspect that the payment for purchase of the car was made outside India and ED was investigating under the provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act.The vehicle in question, Toyota Land Cruiser, was imported under the Transfer of Residence Rules in 2004 from Dubai. The importer is a Kerala resident, Kolangara Mannuni Mohammad. He is a man of small means and could not have paid for the car himself, investigators said.Under the Transfer of Residence Rules, a person of India-origin can import his personal assets free of customs duty for his own use in India after staying abroad for a period of two years.Saif, whose statement has not been recorded so far, on Saturday appeared before ED officials, who suspect that he had paid the money for the car to Mohammed to purchase it in Dubai. The car is now in Saif's name and possession and hence he was questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16327783", "title": "London brigade to spice up event", "text": "CHENNAI: The Olympics may be over but the hangover is still there, not just for the athletes but for the Athletics Federation of India (AFI) too.In the 52nd National Senior Open Athletic Championship starting on Monday, officials are introducing the qualification rounds for some of the men's field events. This move follows the pattern in the Olympics and World championships. The large number of entries for this four-day meet meant that the AFI was forced to adopt this measure.According to the official schedule these qualification rounds will occur for events like high jump, discus throw, hammer throw, long jump, shot put and javelin throw.Ten members from India's London contingent have confirmed their participation including discus throwers K Poonia and S Antil, triple jumpers Mayookha Johny and R Maheswary, marathoner RS Yadav and Tintu Luka (800m).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16317578", "title": "Appoint administrator for Shiroda school: Locals", "text": "PONDA: Irked over the alleged molestation case, Shiroda locals have demanded that the government should dissolve the managing committee of Kamlabai Hede high school, Shiroda, and appoint an administrator for the school.A vice president of the school, two former students, former panch members of Shiroda along with several locals and a NGO chairperson met mediapersons in Ponda on Saturday evening.All of them have defended Yogesh Khandeparkar, a 51-year-old teacher, who has been arrested on Thursday on charges of molesting a 14-year-schoolgirl. They stated that Khandeparkar, currently under suspension, was a gentleman and can't indulge in such activities.Thomas Fernandes, a former student of the school and former panch member alleged that the school management had compelled some of its staff to resign earlier. Philip Noronha, another former student of the school and former panch member expressed surprised over the incident. \"When there was a lady supervisor present in examination room, how can a male teacher come and molest a schoolchild,\" Noronha said.Narasinh Khandeparkar, vice president of the school, alleged that president Ramkrishna Parkar and his group did not take other members into confidence for decisions. Others who spoke were Deepak Prabhudesai, a social worker and Tara Kerkar of the NGO Savera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16317663", "title": "Woman commits suicide in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Laxmi Nagraj Korlu, 38, a resident of Haveli-Curti in Ponda, allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from a ceiling fan with a saree in her rented room on Saturday afternoon.According to the police, her husband Nagraj was at work and daughter was in school when the incident took place. When Nagraj returned home at around 4.30pm, he found his wife hanging from the fan.He immediately informed Ponda police, who retrieved the body and preserved it in the morgue of the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim for an autopsy to be conducted on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16318028", "title": "Kareem calls for expert help to spruce up plan", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The discussion on draft of the Kozhikode master plan, held soon after the presentation of various draft proposals before experts, highlighted the missing links in the plan.Participating in the deliberations at the council hall chaired by mayor A K Premajam, Elamaram Kareem, MLA said only sector-wise discussion with experts concerned will help to bring out the best plan for the comprehensive development.A Pradeep Kumar, MLA said that though there are many good proposals in the plan, the need of the hour is a preparation of demographic analysis for the master plan which has not taken place. There exist no information about the land owned by the corporation and government in the draft master plan. The MLA said that the proposal to develop dream city as high-tech recreational centre and construction of parking plaza should be excluded from the draft proposals considering the importance of wetland at Sarovaram biopark. He said Vellayil fishing harbour development should be included in the plan.Former mayor Thottathil Raveendran said that plan should be prepared in such a way that crossing should not be given at national highway which would result in traffic congestion.Retired professor T M Vinod Kumar, school of planning and architecture, New Delhi said the draft plan needs to include chapters on institutional development and welfare measures for the aged. Proposal should be included for the setting up of education and health institutions with international standards. He said rain water harvesting at buildings should be made mandatory.Former mayor Mayor M Bhaskaran said that instead of making special residential, commercial and industrial zones, steps should be made to make it as mixed zones which will be more suitable for the city. He suggested setting up of parking plaza at the corporation stadium instead of at the DD office.\"The dedicated truck parking can be set up at Kozhikode beach and Malapparamaba instead of Pantheerankkavu,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16325746", "title": "Manmohan Singh's assets around Rs 10.73 crore, cabinet colleagues richer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has assets worth around Rs 10.73 crore, double that of last year, but a number of his cabinet colleagues are much richer than him.Among the richer cabinet ministers are Praful Patel with assets of approximately Rs 52 crore and Sharad Pawar with property worth around Rs 22 crore, according to the updated list of assets of the ministers posted on the PMO website.Defence minister AK Antony has assets worth Rs 55 lakh, the lowest in the list of the cabinet Ministers.Manmohan Singh has shown residential properties, bank deposits and a Maruti 800 car as his assets.While the total worth of Singh's two flats -- in Chandigarh and Delhi -- is Rs 7.27 crore, Singh has bank deposits and investments worth Rs 3.46 crore approximately in various State Bank of India (SBI) accounts.He has declared total assets of worth Rs 10,73,88,730.81 (Rs 10.73 crore approximately).Last year, the Prime Minister had declared total assets worth Rs 5.11 crore approximately. The flats owned by him in Chandigarh and Vasant Kunj here were then valued at a total of Rs 1.78 crore and he owned 150.80g of gold jewelery worth Rs 2.75 lakh.Sources in the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) said though the assets with Singh have remained the same, the valuation has gone up as the assessment has been done by a government -- approved valuator.The depreciated value of his Maruti 800 car has been shown as Rs 21,033. Singh also owns 150.80g of gold jewellery but its value has not been shown in his declaration of assets and liabilities.Singh also owns a bank account in Dispur in Assam where he has a deposit of Rs 6,515.78 only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16316750", "title": "Golf Club\u2019s out-of-turn lease extension irks 30 MPs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union urban development ministry has putted itself into a controversy by deciding to renew the lease for the Delhi Golf Club (DGC) till 2050 \u2014 a good eight years ahead of the contract expires.Although DGC's present lease agreement expires in 2020, the ministry on May 3, 2012, renewed it until 31.12. 2050, raising many eyebrows. Usually, a lease is renewed months before it lapses.Sources in the ministry denied there was any irregularity. \"The request to renew the lease came very early, and it was processed accordingly,\" said a senior ministry official. However, he acknowledged that such renewal requests would usually come around six months to a year before the lease lapses.The explanation has failed to satisfy as many as 30 MPs, cutting across party lines, who have drawn Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's attention to the \"irregularities\" and sought an investigation into the matter. In their letter to the PM, they have alleged that the lease was renewed for 40 years as part of a quid pro quo where the DGC management agreed to give membership to a set of individuals recommended by the ministry, and also hiked the quota for government employees.\"The DGC has accepted the ministry's recommendation for nomination of 15 'out-of-turn' members for the first year, in addition to three 'out-of-turn' members every year or nine 'out-of-turn' members in every block of three years, against the quota to which these applicants belong (in the category of government servants and others),\" MPs have told the PM warning of legal action if government did not take remedial measures.The parliamentarians argued that it is well known how a \"long list of deserving applicants\" has to wait for decades to get a membership of DGC, and now their applications will be further relegated to the back burner. DGC is located on a prime plot in Lutyens' Delhi that belongs to the Centre.\"What was the tearing hurry to renew a lease now?\" asked the MPs drawn from BSP, SP, BJP and NCP, arguing that the government has financially lost out by renewing the lease at the existing land rate in the prime location, and it would have made a tidy amount had it waited till 2020.On those who were allegedly given 'out-of-turn' membership, they asked, \"What criteria has been followed to select these chosen few to become members out of turn, are they Arjuna awardees, decorated soldiers, sports persons of repute or outstanding golfers?\"The letter, signed by MPs, including Vijay Bahadur Singh (BSP), Kirti Azad (BJP), Sameer Bhujbal (NCP) and Ghanshyam Anuragi (SP), alleges favouritism and scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16318424", "title": "Separate cadres for engineers of four departments by March", "text": "PATNA: The state government is determined to create separate cadres of engineers for different works departments, and the process in this regard would be completed by March next year.It is being done in keeping with the resolution adopted by the road construction department (RCD) on September 3. The allotment of cadre will be as per the choice of engineers in service. \"The process for the separation of cadres has already begun. RCD has already issued a circular in this regard,\" said RCD minister Nand Kishore Yadav on Saturday.The major works departments, which will have their separate cadres of engineers are RCD, building construction department, rural works department, and planning and development department. The water resources department (WRD), incidentally, has its own cadre of engineers.The RCD minister said that a committee has already been set up to receive from engineers their choice of the departmental cadre which they would like to join. \"The committee will accordingly relocate them,\" he said, adding that the entire exercise would be complete by March next year.Meanwhile, the Subordinate Engineers' Association (SEA) has expressed its reservations regarding the move. SEA general secretary Brij Kishore Prasad Yadav said on Saturday that the association would persist in opposing the move of the government, since it would pave way for the appointment of engineers on contract basis. As a matter of fact, junior engineers (JEs) are already being appointed on contract basis for 11 months, with their period of service under the contract not exceeding three years, he added. These engineers have no financial powers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16317709", "title": "'At current rate, iron ore to run out in 5-10 yrs'", "text": "PANAJI: The Shah commission has sounded a warning that intensive mining, as proposed with an annual production of 65.692 million tonnes by 166 approved leases in Goa, would exhaust the iron ore resources in that state in less than a decade.The Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has issued environmental clearances to the 166 leases for a total production of 65.692 million tonnes per year. \"If production is done as per targeted quantity, iron ore would last for less than 10 years in the state,\" the commission has stated in its report.Referring to a statement by the regional controller, Goa, about the life of various mines in the state, the commission sounded an alarm that many mines would be exhausted much earlier than predicted. \"Around 14 mines would be exhausted within five years and 15 to 25 mines would be exhausted within 10 years,\" the report states.Advocating a capping of the mining activity to conserve the natural resources for future generations, the commission said if 30 million tonnes is extracted annually, iron ore would last for only 20 years.\"For conserving iron ore for 50 years, capping is a must and its extraction should not exceed more than 12.5 million tonnes per year for quality grades. That type of planning is contemplated under Rule 10 of Mineral Conservation and Development Rules ( MCDR), 1988 for conservation of mineral, scientific mining and healthy environment,\" the report states.India is exporting iron ore to China, but importing steel from it. China has a reserve of more than 200 billion tonnes iron ore and it continues importing more, the commission noted while stressing a plan for conservation.NGOs and activists in Goa have suggested capping of iron ore production to 10 million tonnes per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16323701", "title": "Yuki Bhambri-Divij Sharan finish runners-up at Shanghai Challenger", "text": "SHANGHAI: The young Indian pair of Yuki Bhambri and Divij Sharan ended runner-up at the Shanghai ATP Challenger tournament after losing the summit clash to the experienced top seeded pair of Sanchai and Sonchat Ratiwatana , here.The second seeded Indian team played well before losing 4-6, 4-6 to their rivals from Thailand .It was good match practice for the young Indians, who will lead country's challenge in the upcoming Davis Cup tie against New Zealand in the absence of big stars such as Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi .Yuki and Divij split USD 4,240 between them sa prize money and earned 48 ranking points each.Yuki had lost in the second round of the singles event to fellow Davis Cup teammate Sanam Singh, who lost to eventual winner Lu Yen-Hsun of Chinese Taipei .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16317597", "title": "No new liquor bars in residential colonies", "text": "PANAJI: Allotment of new retail licenses for liquor bars and wine stores in residential colonies in Goa will soon be frozen. The excise department is fine-tuning the modalities and the proposal will soon be sent for vetting to the law department. A notification is likely to be issued by September-end.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who also holds the finance portfolio, confirmed that the excise department is working out the modalities to classify areas so that new bar licenses can be prohibited in residential colonies but no such restrictions will be put on commercial areas. He also said the existing outlets will not be touched.Parrikar said he has received many complaints from women in Goa that easy availability of liquor through bars in residential colonies is causing nuisance to everyone. Sources in the Excise department said that the department has already stopped receiving new applications for bars in residential areas.Except for a rule that bans liquor outlets within a 100-metre radius from places of worship and educational institutions, there are no other controls in place to prevent the proliferation of liquor bars and wine stores in Goa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16318038", "title": "Lalithakala Akademi art gallery to be opened by September end", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kerala Lalithakala Akademi will open the art gallery in the last week of September, said K A Francis, chairman of the academy.Speaking to the mediapersons here on Saturday he said five artists would able to exhibit their work at a time.\"A mini gallery has also been set up at the gallery to conduct video exhibitions,\" he said.He said steps will be taken to set up an open theatre adjacent to the art gallery to conduct programmes in the evening.\"The venue will be mainly used to conduct literary discussions. The art and cultural clubs will be able to conduct programmes at the venue by booking in advance,\" he said.The district Nirmithi Kendra carried out the renovation work covering the controversial ramp in the middle of the art gallery.The controversy over the ramp erupted after a team of artists paid visit to the air-conditioned art gallery three years ago.The renovation and repair works were carried out spending more than Rs 20 lakh.The controversial ramp was converted as a storeroom and glasses on the three sides of first floor were also removed.Landscaping and decorative lights have also been fixed at the gallery.The controversy revolving around the art gallery was resolved following an agreement reached between the corporation authorities and the academy officials after a series of discussions.A memorandum of understanding (MoU) was inked between the two in which the academi has agreed to maintain the building while the ownership of the art gallery will be with the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16316984", "title": "DUSU elections: Fights break out during campaigning", "text": "NEW DELHI: Campaigning for Delhi University Students' Union (DUSU) elections took an ugly turn after candidates, along with their supporters, clashed at Shaheed Bhagat Singh College and Shyam Lal College on Saturday. The candidate fielded by the NSUI for the post of president, Arun Hooda, was detained for some time at the Malviya Nagar police station. There were reports of six ABVP activists getting injured in a tussle with NSUI supporters at Shyam Lal College.Sources at Shaheed Bhagat Singh College said Hooda and his supporters turned up for campaigning, but were denied entry as some of them didn't have ID cards. A scuffle ensued and police had to be called. The Malviya Nagar police said six students, along with Hooda, were detained for 30 minutes. No case has been registered. NSUI spokesman, Amrish Ranjan Pandey, however, alleged that ABVP activists had \"stopped NSUI from campaigning in the college\". Later in the day, a fight broke out between NSUI and ABVP activists at Shyam Lal College.\"There was a verbal duel between an ABVP candidate, who is the unopposed presidential candidate for the Shyam Lal College union, and NSUI activists. NSUI activists then started attacking ABVP activists. Six of them sustained injuries,\" said Rohit Chahal, state secretary, ABVP. NSUI officials denied the allegations. They said ABVP members first tried to stop the entry of NSUI members for campaigning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16317329", "title": "HC order blow to builders misusing consolidation laws", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana's land consolidation law, which was meant to help farmers pool their resources, has actually been a godsend for several realty firms in the state.But a recent Punjab and Haryana high court order quashing the land allotments to 20 real estate firms and individuals for violating the rules has come as a shock to the land sharks. The builders had obtained around 24 acres of prime panchyat land worth crores in villages surrounding Gurgaon by exchanging their plots located in different areas of the village. The firms, in connivance with the revenue department officials, had violated laws at will to get realty at prime locations.Documents accessed by TOI reveal how the land was purchased by companies in the villages just a few years ago and was exchanged for chunks of panchayat land, which was located at Gawal Pahari, Behrampur, Bandhwari, Balola, Ulhawas, Ghata and Badshahpur villages which are close to Delhi and had the potential to site farm houses and other business establishments.The HC on September 6 quashed the land allotments in these villages (now Sectors 58 to 63 and 65 to 67 of Gurgaon). The 24-acre panchayat land was given to the builders between 2008 and 2009 by the department of consolidation of holdings in violation of the law. Land consolidation is the process of merging framers' land scattered in different locations in the same village to help them make optimum utilisation of the resources. Around 95% of the land consolidation process has already been completed in Haryana.According to rules, if any villager has objections to the consolidation process, an appeal can be filed within six months of completion of the exercise. As far as the 20 realty firms' land is concerned, the process of consolidation was completed between 1957 and 2001. And the applications for exchange of land were moved in 2008 and 2009 and just a few days later, the officials allotted the panchayat land to the companies. \"The beneficiaries had purchased the land well after the process of consolidation and hence were not entitled to any relief,\" said an official quoting the records which indicate that the land was purchased between 2005 and 2009 in many cases.In one case at Behrampur village, land consolidation was completed in 1964-65. The plot belonging to a company, Marigold Mercantile Private Limited, was mutated (an exercise to transfer ownership in record) on June 3, 2008. On July 2, 2009, the company filed a case with the then director (consolidation) for exchange of its land with the panchayat land which was allowed within days.In a letter to the government on July 25, Ashok Khemka, present director general of consolidation of land holdings, stated that these orders were passed under Section 42 of the Consolidation Act with the directors themselves accepting the applications straight from the firms. However, Section 42 is meant for review of exchange of land cleared by junior officers. It means that such applications can be filed only against the orders of junior officers, which was not the case in these matters.Exposing further holes, the official said, \"the utilization or disposal of panchayat land is for the benefit of the inhabitants of the village. But in these cases, most of the transfers are in favour of private companies.\"According to the rules, any land belonging to a non-inhabitant of the village cannot be exchanged with the panchayat land. \"It is feared that there may be several such cases. The divisional commissioners may be directed to dig out all such orders made under Section 42 of the Consolidation Act in the past, thereby exchanging panchayat land with the land of private parties without the specific approval of the state government,\" Khemka added in the letter to the government recommending \"registration of criminal case and probe by an agency like CBI since the involvement of higher-ups cannot be ruled out\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16317517", "title": "Legal op says no need for fresh environmental clearance, but Indian bureau of mines nod must: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that, in principle, clearing of mining dumps is permitted, as per the advice obtained by the earlier government from the then advocate general as well as the solicitor general of India, Rohinton Nariman. \"Both have clearly stated that dump does not require additional environmental clearance because dumps are creations of environmental clearances already given,\" Parrikar said.A dump is a heap of the rejects (residue) collected in the process of mining for ore. In some parts of Goa mining dumps are almost the size of hillocks. The state has formulated a draft mining policy that seeks to allow these dumps to be mined for exports.Parrikar's clarification comes in the wake of claims by the Centre that the state cannot move dumps without due permission of the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).Parrikar admitted that dump clearances need clearances under the Air and Water Act and approval from the Indian bureau of mines (IBM) according to the legal opinions obtained. The Shah commission has also stated that IBM clearance is required for dump-handling.Parrikar said the dumps in the forests will be decided by the forest department according to the forest policy of the state. If the forest department identifies certain dumps which are harmful to the forests, and they want to remove these, then auction is a route that has been defined in the mining policy, Parrikar said. He added that the state mining policy does not interfere with the forest policy which is an independent policy.He denied he intends to sell the dumps. \"Dumps will be permitted to be handled in a controlled manner subject to legal provisions. We may get some revenue from these,\" said Parrikar.He also clarified that his government will plough back 60% of the mining revenue for development of infrastructure and other facilities in the areas affected by mining activity.Asked what action he expects from the Centre in the wake of the Shah commission report, Parrikar said, \"From what the Congress has been doing with Coal-gate, I don't expect much from them. In fact, I fear that they might use it for making more money. When files are held back, money can be made from that. For example, MoEF can now say that all environment clearances will now be revisited. Revisited means you have to visit different people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16321722", "title": "Liz Hurley and Warne still crazy about each other", "text": "Elizabeth Hurley and Shane Warne were spotted cozying up to one another while posing for photographs at the opening of the Ritz Carlton Hotel in Vienna, Austria .As the couple walked down the red carpet last Friday, 'Bedazzled' star Hurley couldn't stop herself from gazing at former Australian cricketer Warne to whom she has been engaged for a year.While Hurley flaunted her cleavage in the black and yellow zebra print Roberto Cavalli number, which she teamed with a silver clutch bag, Warne looked handsome in a black tuxedo complete with a bow tie.The mother of one definitely had an amazing time, which was quite evident from her tweets.\"Amazing night in Vienna at the Ritz Carlton Hotel. Joss Stone amazing and Uta Lemper. About to see Dita Von Teese ,\" the Daily Mail quoted the model-actress as tweeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16317229", "title": "Patient goes missing from hospital", "text": "KOLKATA: A 60-year-old patient, suffering from severe diarrhoea, went missing from the Beliaghata Infectious Diseases Hospital on Saturday. A missing diary has been lodged by the relatives at the Beliaghata police station.Rajani Halder, a resident of a village near the Calcutta Leather Complex in Bantala, was referred to the ID Hospital by the local health centre on Thursday. On Friday, doctors told relatives that Halder's condition was quite serious and he could not be discharged. But they would have to sign a bondif they wished to take him back home, the family members would have to sign a bond.Relatives turned up at the hospital around Saturday noon to find his bed empty. The bedclothes were also missing. On asking nurses , the relatives were told that the patient had \"left\". When asked to produce a bond that patients are supposed to sign before getting themselves discharged against the wish of doctors, the hospital staff allegedly refusedto do so\"His son Sanat Halder got him admitted to Bed 10 of the GB6 Ward of the hospital around 10.30 pm on Thursday. He was suffering from acute diarrhea. When Sanat came to the hospital on Saturday morning, he was not allowed to enter the ward. When we arrived around noon, we were allowed to enter but found the bed empty. The duty nurse said that the patient has 'left'. He was in no position to walk. How could he have left? The patient's mother died on Friday but we didn't inform him after doctors said that his condition is quite serious. When we produced copies of the documents to establish that we had admitted Halder to the hospital but authorities aren't paying any heed,\" said Ramprasad Mondal, a neighbour.Relatives were waiting at the hospital till news last came in. The police confirmed that a missing diary has been lodged. The relatives claimed that the police weren't paying much attention to their complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16317134", "title": "Suspense over Mulayam, Mamata meeting continues", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav might meet his West Bengal counterpart Mamata Banerjee on the sidelines of the two-day Samajwadi Party national executive meet in Kolkata beginning September 12. However, there is a growing suspense if SP boss Mulayam Singh Yadav would also accompany his son when he meets the chief of the All India Trinamool Congress.Party sources said that the SP president was sore over the fact that Banerjee, despite an invitation, did not join him in last week's agitation outside Parliament over coal scam. Incidentally, Mamata didn't even send any of her MP as representative.SP spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary said: \"It is yet not confirmed if Mulayam would meet Mamata.\" SP sources also said that if at all Akhilesh meets Mamata, it would be only in his capacity as a chief minister. However, it is yet a matter of conjecture whether the AITC supremo would make a courtesy call on Mulayam.Also, there are speculations that Akhilesh, who is the state president of SP, might act as an emissary of Mulayam who, otherwise, wants to bury the hatchet and forge ties with the AITC national president for formation of a possible third front before the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. Interestingly, Akhilesh, during a function in New Delhi a couple of days back, had reportedly hinted that the UPA won't last its full term.Before that Mulayam had been repeatedly telling his party workers to gear up for the general elections which might be held well before 2014.SP-AITC differences hit a low during the presidential polls when the latter accused SP of betraying it by not supporting APJ Abdul Kalam for the post. Even as Mulayam went on to support Congress-backed Pranab Mukherjee, he responded equally to AITC by postponing the national executive meet, which was earlier scheduled on July 10-11. In fact, Mulayam had also considered other venues for its national executive meet.The situation again changed when the Congress found itself embroiled in the Coalgate, with SP demanding a judicial inquiry into the issue. As if that was not enough, SP developed difference with the Congress on the issue of reservation in promotion, which the former considered would dent its vote bank, the OBCs. The two developments, while placing the SP in an advantageous position vis-a-vis the jittery Congress-led UPA government, have also opened a window of opportunity on the AITC.\"Mamata may win a significant number of seats in West Bengal in the next LS elections and may not necessarily support the Congress given her past experience,\" a senior SP leader said. He also hoped that the SP would win around 50-60 seats to play the king-maker's role. In case the UPA and the NDA fall short of a majority, a third front may emerge,\" a senior party source said.Mulayam also hopes that the regional parties like the Telugu Desam Party, AIADMK, Janata Dal-United and Biju Janata Dal will come together and form a government at the Centre, if they get the required numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16325377", "title": "Conference on transforming healthcare", "text": "MUMBAI: The Apollo Hospitals Group inaugurated the two-day '3 rd International Conference on Transforming Healthcare with IT 2012' today at the Hyderabad International Convention Centre. Participating in the Conference that concludes tomorrow, specialists from the USA, Canada, UK, Middle East, Pakistan, Belgium, Denmark, Bulgaria, Japan, New Zealand, Malaysia and Iran shared personal experiences on how ICT (Information and Communications Technology) is ushering a global revolution in healthcare.Meant to bring together all healthcare ecosystem stakeholders on a global platform to participate, propagate and promote the various technology-driven transformational approaches, solutions and their benefits to the grassroots, administrators, providers and research community, the Conference also highlighted various ways to achieve the goal of an equitable, sustainable and quality healthcare system.Dr Prathap Reddy, Executive Chairman, Apollo Hospitals Group said, \"It is very clear that the world is facing the 21st century health challenges, irrespective of whether they are the rich or the developing or the underdeveloped countries. With India, the real challenges are the new lifestyle diseases that are picking fast. Diseases like non communicable diseases, diabetes etc is rampantly on the rise and need to be tackled; these diseases need to be fought using the powerful tool of IT. Fortunately, for India, citizens of the country have mustered up the use of this tool, which can be seen in the growing incidence of technology users. What is however required, is the integration with healthcare players with patient focus. The need of the hour now, is to more the care from hospitals to clinics to the homes. This will only be possible with the effective use and implementation of technology using the synergies of the various stakeholders.\"While Central and State Government senior secretaries deliberated the role of ICT and e-ee-hjeHealth initiatives across India, exhibitors at the Conference highlighted the latest advances in the use of information technology in healthcare.\"Technology plays a vital role in facilitating equitable healthcare distribution and helps in creating awareness about various health issues. Thanks to the convergence of Healthcare, IT and Telecom, transformational solutions are being created to provide better treatment for patients. Aware that collaboration of all healthcare ecosystem players is imperative to make this union a success, Apollo Hospitals has always been eager to address such challenges by creating a just, sustainable, quality healthcare system for all. With multidisciplinary learning sessions involving participants from all areas of the healthcare continuum, this C onference has helped bring together a wealth of knowledge from across the world and focused on best-practice solutions for present-day problems,\" said Ms Sangita Reddy, Executive Director - Operations, Apollo Hospitals.Mr. Lee Shapiro, President, All Scripts said, \"To light the way to a healthy world, governments must remain open to the investigating new means of delivering the health services their citizens demand. They must continue to invest in innovation by supporting public-private-partnerships that have helped bring about many successful case studies in the area IT and healthcare. I am of the firm belief that technology has the ability to solve many of the problems we face in delivering quality healthcare for people everywhere.\"The speakers discussed topics such as e-health initiatives, globalisation of healthcare and Next-Gen telemedicine. The Conference will be followed by the 2nd International Congress on Patient Safety to highlight how ICT can make a big difference in ensuring the safety of patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16317311", "title": "Department of Town &amp; Country Planning renews licence of Mayfield Gardens", "text": "GURGAON: Eight months after cancelling the licence of Mayfield Gardens in Gurgaon, the department of Town &amp; Country Planning (DTCP) has renewed it following an appellate authority's order on September 6.In February this year, the DTCP had announced an embargo on the sale and purchase of flats and properties being developed by the builder in different sectors in Gurgaon. The licence was cancelled as the promoters of the colony failed to maintain civic amenities like internal roads and community services. This is in addition to the default in payment of Rs 23 crore by the promoters of the company on the account of external development charges (EDC) and annual licence fee outstanding against the colony.But now, the builders have given an undertaking stating that they would make 50% of payment of outstanding EDC within the next two months.The Mayfield Gardens RWA had been fighting against the builder for violation of building plans and not providing maintenance facilities as promised at the time of booking.Speaking to TOI, Mayfield Gardens RWA president, Dharam Vir Yadav, said, \"The residents welcome the decision to renew the licences but are apprehensive about whether the builders, given their track record, will do justice and provide facilities in a time-bound manner.\" Yadav is spearheading the campaign against the developers for not providing the promised facilities in the colony.He alleged that Rajiv Gupta, managing director of Sheetal International Pvt Ltd, which owns 42% share in Mayfield Gardens, has defaulted on making payment to those contractors who have worked for his firm. However, the renewal of the licence has paved the way for residents to register property in city. \"I am thankful to authorities for lifting the embargo on sale, purchase and registration of property. There are hundreds of residents who, despite owning property in the colony, were denied to get it registered,\" said a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16318207", "title": "Gifted with a knack for innovation", "text": "MADURAI: A thoughtful youth who has been observing his hearing-challenged college mates go without the entertainment features of their mobile phones has come out with a cheap and simple tool so that they can also use mobile phones without difficulties.Sheik Abdullah (22) from Srivilliputhur has designed a stethoscope kind of system using the fundamental science principle of ' Compressed Air Mechanism' just for Rs 30. Using simple air pipes, he has made this device with an amplifier using a small piston that compresses air to amplify sound. The hearing-impaired can fix this tool with mobile phones and attach the ear plugs to hear music as well as use mobile phones like ordinary persons.Explaining his device, Sheik says his device amplifies minute sounds and passes it through the air-pipes to ear plugs. \"It is a fundamental physics principle of compressed air mechanism and I have made it with cheap materials so that the poor can accommodate it easily,\" he said. He got his inspiration to design the device after observing hearing-impaired students at Kalasalingam University when they used to travel in the institution buses. \"While we were enjoying with our mobile phones, hearing songs and chatting with our friends, they used to come in stoic silence. It bothered me and I decided to come out with something so that they could also listen to music and use mobiles without any difficulty,\" he said. He also tested his device with some hearing-impaired people at Leonard School for Deaf and Mute in Madurai and Crescent ENT Hospital.M Kannan from Madurai who used this device said the boy has come out with a very useful device. \"It does work when I used it with mobile phones,\" he said. Syed Basudheen of Crescent Hospitals said the device works well and is cheap. \"He had to work on it more to make it into a miniature device, which will cause a revolution,\" he commented.Sheik has also applied for a patent for his device and said he will get it in a couple of weeks. \"My main objective is it should be helpful for poor people,\" he said. It is one among his many inventions like the automated water pump, tinnitus band etc.After completing his B Tech in Electronics and Communications, Sheik will be joining ME in Power Electronics. His father, P Sulaiman, who is a senior manager in Indian Overseas Bank, said they have decided to send him for masters after observing his thirst for innovation. \"We strongly feel he will come out with many more such inventions to help society,\" the proud father said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16317131", "title": "Government allows new engines for old autos", "text": "KOLKATA: In violation of a 2008 Calcutta high court order, the state transport department has allowed through a notification the replacement of two-stroke auto engines with new single-mode LPG auto engines. The court had categorically said that the existing two-stroke petrol autos should be replaced with four-stroke LPG ones.Automobile experts said only replacing the engines wouldn't achieve the desired result, that is, improve the quality of the ambient air. In fact, such autos are likely to pollute more, they said.The state transport department has made the new announcement through a notification (no 2941-WT/3M-60/12) dated August 22, 2012. It is quite a deviation from the earlier notification (3692-WT/4M-23/95) that said two-stroke autos would have to be replaced with four-stroke ones.\"The notification has only added to the confusion and violated the high court order which clearly asked for replacement of old two-stroke autos with four-stroke LPG ones. I will bring this anomaly to the notice of the court in the next hearing,\" said green activist Subhas Dutta, the petitioner in the case.Besides, the notification does not clarify whether the replaced engine should be four-stroke, which would further add to the confusion. The owners of the existing two-stroke autos might want to replace their petrol engine with two-stroke LPG engines.In the notification, the department has offered Rs 5,000 for replacement of two-stroke engines in autos with new LPG single-mode engines in existing autos. At the same time, a subsidy of Rs 10,000 has been offered to operators who will replace two-stroke autos with a four-stroke LPG auto. For that, they will have to scrap their two-stroke autos in the presence of regional transport authority (RTA) officials.Auto operators who have already replaced their old vehicles with new ones said it was unfair to them. \"It would have saved them a lot of money had the notification been issued three years ago. We had requested that such replacement of engine or controlling of emission by retrofitting with a catalytic convertor be allowed. But it wasn't granted,\" said Pradip Saha, convener of the Auto-Bachao Committee.However, both auto manufacturers and automobile engineers said the replacement of the engine alone would make no difference. It will cost each auto-operator Rs 70,000 to Rs 80,000, including the cost of engine, chassis, replacement of fuel tank and oil-circulation system. There will also be a possibility that the engine won't be in tune with the other parts of the auto.An auto manufacturer said for such replacement, it would be very difficult to get bank finance, unless the government made a special provision for it. Against each scrapped auto, the auto manufacturers offer Rs 10,000 as discount and the government offers Rs 10,000 as subsidy. So far, nearly 30,000 two-stroke petrol autos have been replaced with four-stroke LPG ones. \"This shift has brought a remarkable change in the ambient air of the city, as the petrol autos used to run on highly adulterated petrol called kaata-tel.According to conservative estimates, around 30,000 two-stroke autos are still plying, mostly on the city fringes. Majority of these run illegally as they do not have valid documents. Also, around 83 per cent of the fleet is 20 years and above.The final deadline of December 31, 2008, for two-stroke autos was set by the court on July 18, based on a notification issued by the state environment department on July 17, 2008 and presented in court by the then advocate-general Balai Roy. The deadline was effectively set by the government and ratified by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16322501", "title": "Simon Cowell's health forced him to take sick leave", "text": "Simon Cowell is said to have suffered a devastating collapse this summer, as the strains of his professional and personal life became too much to handle.He had to withdraw from filming auditions for the US X Factor when his lifestyle saw him change into a \"weird vampire.\"Stricken Cowell had to be put on a strict detox regime to give him the strength to battle his \"demons.\"His doctor in Los Angeles told him to remove all supplements and health aids from his life and quit smoking, the Sun reported.Cowell, 52, was bedridden for a week, cutting himself off from friends, colleagues and even the demands of top TV executives.He is said to have confided in X Factor pal Louis Walsh: \"I don't want any more tablets and pills. I'm cutting out the lot, including cigarettes.\"I desperately need peace. I'm craving normality. I've got to work out my demons and come out of it.\"I have to get back to where I was years ago. I had to stop reading texts at three in the morning and making calls later and later. I wanted peace,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16317818", "title": "Work within boundaries, Pranab Mukherjee tells judiciary", "text": "CHENNAI: Function within your boundaries and exercise self-restraint \u2014 this is President Pranab Mukherjee's prescription to the judiciary.At a time when the Supreme Court is being seen as getting increasingly assertive while handling matters relating to government policies and economic issues, Mukherjee said, \"A note of caution needs to be sounded. Judicial activism should not lead to the constitutional principles of separation of power getting eroded. Judicial pronouncements must respect the boundaries that separate the legislature, executive and judiciary.\"Going a step further, he said, \"The principle of separation of powers is equally a principle of restraint.\" He was delivering the valedictory speech at the 150th anniversary celebrations of the Madras high court here on Saturday. The judiciary, as an important pillar of democracy, must also keep reinventing itself through a process of introspection and self-correction, he said.The year-long sesquicentennial celebrations concluded with a well-attended valedictory event, where CM J Jayalalithaa announced that her government would enhance the death benefit for advocates from the existing 2 lakh to 5.25 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16316885", "title": "Cops await handwriting report in Bhasin case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the railways said none of their locomotives was involved in the death of tattoo artist Paras Bhasin, the crime branch claimed to have made significant progress in the case. They are now putting together technical evidence and eyewitness accounts. \"We are trying to piece together the exact sequence of events after gathering details of Bhasin's movements after he left his house,\" said a source.Police have collected strong scientific evidence after inspecting CCTV footage, the accident site, and through mobile tracking. Sources say the postmortem report has only strengthened their case. \"The forensic report is awaited. We have asked the lab to give the report quickly,\" said the officer.Police said they are waiting for the handwriting expert's report on the suicide note. A top official explained that even the suicide note speaks of only \"broken hearts\". \"The short note blames no one in particular and there is no mention of the girl's parents. If the handwriting is proved to be Bhasin's, the case is solved,\" said a police officer.Sources said at least two drivers of Northern Railway, who drove the Kanpur Shatabdi on September 1, have been questioned. The railway police, though, dismissed these reports.A particular engine, believed to have been used for the Shatabdi and now parked in the New Delhi station shed, has also been photographed and forensic samples taken. Police said there was some \"misunderstanding'' with the railways about their statement regarding the incident, but it has now been resolved.\"We are taking forensic evidence from at least two loco-engines and one EMU to leave no room for doubt,\" added a source. Cops said the statement from each of the driver and co-driver will be tallied. The railway control room papers might also be examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16324639", "title": "Ramdev alleges conspiracy to link him to death of an associate", "text": "NEW DELHI:Yoga guru Ramdev today alleged that a senior Congress leader was hatching conspiracy to link him to the death of a Bharat Swabhiman Manch activist and disappearance of his Guru Shankar Dev.Addressing a press conference here, Ramdev said efforts are being made to point fingers at him for death of Rajiv Dixit though he died due a cardiac problem.\"There has been conspiracy to blame me for his death. I never thought people can go to this extent to blame me. I challenge him to confront me,\" he said without naming the Congress leader.Dixit had died in November 2010 in Chattisgarh. \"Rajiv had died of a heart attack. Everybody knows it. But efforts are on to blame me for the death. I have come here to tell you the truth,\" Ramdev said.He alleged that the leader was also trying to link him for disappearance of Shankar Dev.\"How can one think of it. Can a pupil do such a henious crime. In fact people have been given money to defame me for this also,\" Ramdev said.The yoga guru, who led an agitation on blackmoney issue, however, refused to name the leader.He also attacked Congress for \"rampant\" corruption in the country and alleged that government agencies are being \"used\" against him.Asked about the 'Jal Satyagraha' by people in Khandwa and Harda districts of Madhya Pradesh , Ramdev said the demand of the agitators should be looked into seriously.\"I spoke to Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan. The issue must be addressed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "monza", "code": "16324632", "title": "Italian Grand Prix: Paul di Resta gets 4 points for Force India", "text": "MONZA: Paul di Resta earned four points for Sahara Force India from the Italian Grand Prix with an eighth place finish but his teammate Nico Hulkenberg had to retire in the dying moments of the race despite a superb drive, on Sunday.F1 Results | Drivers' Standings | Constructors' StandingsDi Resta had qualified fourth but started the race in the ninth position due to a five-place grid penalty for an unscheduled gearbox change.Though he could not finish the race, Hulkenberg drove superbly after starting last on the grid as he did not set time in Saturday's qualifying due to a fuel pressure issue.McLaren's Lewis Hamilton won the race from pole position and was joined on the podium by a stunning Sergio Perez of Sauber in the second place, followed by Ferrari's Fernando Alonso .None of the Red Bull cars could finish the race as both defending champion Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber encountered mechanical problems, forcing them to quit after competing for a good time in the race.The Silverstone-based Indian team remained in the seventh position in the constructors' championship with 63 points and extended their lead over Williams by 10 points.But Force India now trail Sauber (100) by 37 points and a sixth place finish looks near impossible for them.Di Resta struggled a bit on the low downforce circuit and was pushed out of top-10 by Webber in lap 11, this was after he was overtaken by Perez.Hulkenberg, though, was charged up and made his way up with a sensational drive. He jumped to 13th position by lap 16 and the German was soon in top-10 but without a pit stop.Di Resta was trying hard to be in top-10 and succeeded when Jensen Button's race ended due to a mechanical failure.From there, Di Resta gained two more places and since he went for a one-stop strategy tyre degradation could have posed a problem but he maintained that position till the end.Hulkeneberg rose to as high as 13th when a few cars were forced out of the race due to various issues but with two laps to go, the Force India driver too was pushed out.Meanwhile, India's Narain Karthikeyan finished 19th despite several issues plaguing his progress.Having started in 21st position, ahead of his teammate Pedro De La Rosa, Narain got off the line extremely well at the start and overtook several cars. However, as everyone struggled to clear the tight first chicane, Narain picked up some damage on the front nose after one of the Caterham cars made contact with him.Paul Di Resta said they had hopes for a better result considering the car's pace and also lauded Sauber drivers for brilliant race.\"I struggled at the start with the heavy fuel load and didn't really have the race pace on the medium tyres. Things improved after my stop when I was running the hard compound and our pace was much stronger towards the end of the race.\"But there was no way I could keep the Mercedes behind me and with their two-stop strategy they had a bit more speed than us. It's good to extend our lead over Williams with a few more points, but obviously Sauber look strong and outperformed a lot of people,\" he said.Nico Hulkenberg said brake issues affected his race. \"I had a few good fights in the race - so from that point of view it was fun, but I was struggling with my brakes from lap one with a long pedal and I lost more performance as the race went on. Towards the end it became a safety concern so we decided to retire the car,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai/bangalore", "code": "16326842", "title": "Aditya 1 launch delayed to 2015-16", "text": "MUMBAI/BANGALORE: At the Isro Satellite Centre in Bangalore and other scientific centres across the country, efforts are currently underway to launch India's first mission to study the sun in 2015 or 2016.The launch of Aditya 1, which was initially proposed at 2012, by then ISRO chairman G Madhavan Nair in 2008, will now set sail for space only in 2015-16, plausibly due to unanticipated issues related to instrument designing, fabrication and development, according to experts working on the project.An official said despite the earlier approval, proper funding came only in 2010. \"After this the payload had to be designed and there were several reviews. All this resulted in a slip in the launch schedule,\" he said.\"I can vouch for the fact that what is being attempted by the team building this instrument is a highly challenging and ambitious task, which has posed a problem even for countries with relatively more mature space programs,\" said Kolkata-based solar physicist, DibyenduNandi, the first Asian to win the prestigious Karen Harvey prize for 2012 of the American Astronomical Society.\"I would like to note that such delays are not unheard of even in NASA missions,\" said Nandi, who leads the theoretical modeling support for the mission.Right now the spacecraft is being configured for just a single payload which is an advanced solar coronagraph. The aim of the three-year mission would be to study the coronal mass ejection and also crucial physical parameters of space weather.The mass of Aditya-1 will be around 100 kgs and the cost of the mission currently is around Rs 60 crores. Once launched the spacecraft will operate from an 800 km orbit. The rocket which will carry the spacecraft will be the four-stage Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle.\"Aditya 1 will be dedicated for the solar coronal studies and will contain the Visible Emission Line Space Solar Coronagraph - the main payload to study the coronal dynamics,\" said Suryanarayan Sharma, project manager, Aditya 1 at the ISRO satellite center in Bangalore.Those involved in the design and fabrication of the coronagraph include the Isro Satellite Centre, the Indian Institute of Astrophysics, Radio Astronomy Centre, the National Centre For Radio Astrophysics and several universities.Nandi said that the European Space Agency's (ESA) Soho mission -launched in 1995 to study the sun - is also equipped with a coronagraph and Nasa's Stereo mission also studies coronal mass ejection. He said that ESA was planning to decommission Soho.In any new space mission, delays are inevitable, and examples are aplenty all over the world. Said an official, \"The space business is a risky one. When the mission gets the final go for launch, we have to be confident that there will be no issues which can affect the flight,\" he said.He said that the launch of India's first mission to the moon, Chandrayaan-1 got delayed a number of times, but eventually it was a scientific success, though its life span was cut short by a year. Communication was lost with the spacecraft on August 29, 2009. According to reports, its premature end was triggered by solar radiations. However, Aditya 1 will be well equipped to ward off such challenges. \"The spacecraft will have to be built to specifications to survive the harsh conditions in space, made even more so by solar storms that occasionally poses radiation and particulate hazard to orbiting satellites,\" added Nandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16324619", "title": "Sharath Kamal, K Shamini emerge champions in South Zone TT C'ship", "text": "BANGALORE: Sharath Kamal and K Shamini emerged men's and women's singles champions respectively at the Indian Oil Servo National Ranking (South Zone) Table Tennis Championships on Sunday.Sharath won a hard-fought battle against left-handed Jubin Kumar 4-2 after being down 1-2 while Shamini was pushed to the limit by Ankita Das before winning by an identical margin at the Sree Kanteerava Indoor Stadium.Sharath brought out all his experience of playing on the World pro tour and displayed long-ball play and wonderful returns away from the table, which drew thunderous applause from the crowd.Understandably, the attacking Kumar wilted under immense pressure when he should have slowed down the pace. And once Sharath levelled at 2-2, it was curtains for the Gujarat man.In the women's singles, Shamini started with a bang winning the first game. She held on to her nerves to take the second game at 17-15 on the sixth game point.The 19-year-old Olympian, Ankita won the next two games rather easily to level the scores at 2-2.But in the crucial fifth game, the two-time national champion led her way all through and shut out whatever little challenge that came from Ankita. With a decisive 3-2 lead, all Shamini had to do was play carefully in the sixth.She did that to greater perfection as an error-prone Ankita was struggling to find her feet as she net-corded most of her returns.Results: Men (Final): Achanta Sharath Kamal (PSPB) bt Jubin Kumar (PSPB) 11-8, 7-11, 10-12, 11-3, 11-5, 11-7. Women (Final): K. Shamini (PSPB) bt Ankita Das (PSPB) 11-7, 17-15, 5-11, 4-11, 11-7, 11-4. Youth Boys (Final): G. Sathiyan (PSPB) bt Sourav Saha (PSPB) 11-2, 14-12, 11-6, 6-11, 7-11, 13-11. Youth Girls (Final): Krittiwika Sinha Roy (AAI) bt Manika Batra (PSPB) 5-11, 11-9, 11-4, 3-11, 8-11, 11-8, 11-7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16326044", "title": "Classical treat for Chandigarh residents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: SPIC MACAY (Society for the Promotion of Indian Classical Music and Culture Amongst Youth) Chandigarh Chapter has organised a concert of Pandit Kaivalya Kumar Gaurav, eminent artiste of Hindustani vocal genre of Indian Classical music in Tricity. Please find in attachment schedule of his concerts.Pandit Kaivalya Kumar's is a blue blooded Gharanedari. He is a leading young exponent of the Kirana Gharana with a rich multigenerational lineage. He was trained by his father Pandit Sangmeshwar Gaurav. His grand father Pandit Ganapatrao Gurav was a first batch disciple of Ustad Abdul Karim Khan, the founder of Kirana Gharana.After this circuit we are fortunate to have in Chandigarh Pandit Ronu Majumdar, eminent flute player of Indian Classical music.Day wise details of concert of Pt Kaivalya Kumar GauravMonday September 10, 8.00amVenue: Kendriya Vidyalaya Chandimandir no.2.Monday September 10, 6.00pmVenue: IMTECH sector 39 ChandigarhTuesday September 11, 9.30amVenue: Post Graduate Government College in sector 11 Chandigarh.Day wise details of concert of pandit Ronu MajumdarWednesday September 12, 11.00amVenue: Post Graduate Government College, KarnalWednesday September 12, 6.00pmVenue: Post Graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42, Chandigarh.Thursday September 13, 10.00 amVenue: Government College for women Panchkula.Thursday September 13, 1.30 pmVenue: Government College Kalka.Friday September 14, 9.00 amVenue: Guru Nanak Public School, Sector 36,ChandigarhFriday September 14, 12.00 pmVenue: Government College, Ambala Cantt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16317911", "title": "Isro\u2019s century of launches", "text": "If all goes well, on September 9, just before 9.51 am, mission director Kunhi Krishnan sitting before a computer in Sriharikota will give the 'go' for the launch of a historic space mission. Then, sharp at 9.51 am, the ground will reverberate to the ear-deafening roar of the four-stage 44m-long Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle ( PSLV-C21) as it kicks into life. Seconds later, the mighty rocket will lift off, triggering a huge round of applause in the control room as well as among hundreds of spectators and media persons gathered in the terraces of buildings at the vast spaceport.As the rocket thunders higher and higher carrying a French and Japanese satellite, it will mark a proud moment for Isro. With this flight, the space agency will complete 100 missions. The first one began with the launch of Aryabhata, India's first satellite, by a Russian rocket on April 19, 1975. The PSLV will fly Spot 6, the 720 kg French advanced remote sensing satellite and Proeiteres, the Japanese 10 kg micro satellite.Isro chief spokesperson Dev Prasad Karnik explained that \"each Indian rocket going up is considered a mission. Each Indian satellite being placed in orbit is a mission. For calculating the 100th flight, Isro took into consideration only Indian rockets and satellites which were launched.\" This means if an Indian satellite is carried by Arianespace's Ariane rocket from Kourou in French Guyana, only the satellite's mission is considered, not the foreign launcher's.Karnik said that till date, 62 Indian satellites and 37 rockets have been launched. \"The September 9 launch will mark the 100th mission, but the two foreign payloads are not being considered,'' he said. Of these, the PSLV has proved a star performer. Its missions included carrying Israeli spy satellite Tescar on January 21, 2008, placing 10 satellites in different orbits in rapid succession on April 28,2008, and taking India to the moon on October 22,2008, with the launch of Chandrayaan-1.The indigenous Indian Remote Sensing Satellite (IRS-IC), too has got kudos. It was launched by a Russian Molniya rocket on December 28,1995, and was given the title \"jewel in the crown\" by American aerospace journal, AviationWeek and Space Technology. Its success paved the way for India to enter the highly competitive global remote sensing market and capture a substantial chunk of the business. Data from other Indian remote sensing satellites are also regularly bought by other countries, including the US. It has been a long journey, all right. Ex-Isro chairman, U R Rao, said, \"I witnessed the launch of Aryabhata in the former Soviet Union; now I am looking forward to the launch of Isro's 100th mission.'' He however said that China has beaten India in rocket technology. \"China's rockets have the capacity to fly payloads up to nine tonnes, but our GSLV carry only up to 2 to 2.5 tonnes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16318633", "title": "'Reservation in promotion has failed to achieve its objective'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the debate over reservation in promotion picks up momentum, ground reality shows that the purpose of reservation for socially discriminated castes on higher posts has failed to achieve its objective. A look at the data shows that in most of the government departments, the positions meant for SC/STs never got filled despite reservation.For instance, if recruitment pattern between 1971 and 1989 in government department like the UP State Electricity Board was any indication, the people from SC/ST category could not go beyond a mark of 4.1 percent as against the then prevailing 18 percent reservation meant for them. On at least six occasions, in 1977, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1983 and 1985, not a single SC/ST engineer could get recruited despite reservation.Going earlier, between 1961 and 1969 only six SC/ST people could make it to the engineering cadre out of a total of 600 who got recruited. In fact, the first SC candidate, Ranbir Singh, made it to UPSEB only in 1966, seven years after the department was formed. Singh retired as chairman of UPSEB in late 1990s.What's more, the bill put forth in Parliament shows that people from the SC/ST category were not able to fill the reserved seats, especially in group A and group B services, even 65 years after the country attained independence. According to the data updated till January 1, 2011, 11.1% SC and 4.6% ST are in group A services of the Central government. This was despite the existing 15 and 7.5% reservation for the two in the Central services.But what led to the situation? One prominent theory suggests that the people from the category could not qualify because of their \"educational backwardness\". \"The degree of discrimination for these people over the years dented their social position heavily. As a result, their socio-economic position got relegated to bottom. They suffered educationally as well. That shows in the recruitment as they cannot get minimum qualifying marks,'' says director, Giri Institute of Social Sciences, Ajit Kumar Singh. The difference, he said, is largely witnessed in top posts where level and quality of education matters.Singh, however, insists that even though the policy of reservation at the recruitment level may persist, it should not come into play in case of promotion. \"That would damage the whole administrative system,'' he says. The solution lies in getting the class uplifted socially and educationally. \"That may take some time. It would surely get rectified one day,'' says Singh.People of the category, however, claim it to be a \"conspiracy\" by higher castes to keep people out of the ambit of attaining the same status. \"There have been malicious attempts of people of higher castes to keep SCs/STs out of the ambit of higher posts. The root of the problem lies in the mentality of this general class. They can't watch people of lower caste getting elevated,'' says K B Ram, president of the Aarakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti, the pro-reservation association of employees and officers.Ram claims that there have been instances where people of the lower caste were rejected or kept out of the ambit just because they were from the lower caste. \"They say that not many people of SC could turn out or could qualify all these years. But how come in 1990 during filling of backlog that out of 226 advertised posts, 172 turned up and of which 157 got selected?'' he asks. Association members also point out the fact that the express promotional criteria (where merit, citation and awards are taken into account) were abandoned after some SC official made to the list.It is this low representation at the recruitment level that forms the very basis of the reservation in promotion. \"There has to be our adequate number at the higher posts. If there is no reservation then all top posts will be occupied by people of the upper caste,'' says Ram.The anti-reservation group, however, argues that no anomalies exist once the backlog gets filled. \"There are a large number of cases wherein officers of general and OBC categories, despite being 10 to 12 years senior are working under the SCs/STs. It cannot be justified anyway,'' argues Shailendra Dubey, president of the Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti.Even the Supreme Court, which recently upheld the High Court order quashing reservation in promotion, called it a case of \"reverse discrimination\". Dubey said that the discrimination became even more pronounced in 2008 when the Mayawati government issued a government order (dated April 11, 2008) that gave SCs/STs an opportunity to get posted on even unreserved seats in case position did not existed for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16319184", "title": "Eco Ganeshas are all the rage this season", "text": "BANGALORE: Come September 19 and ecofriendly idols of Lord Ganesha look good to find their way to homes of many a devotee in Bangalore. Eco-friendly Ganeshas are 'in' this year, evident by the advance bulk bookings.\"People are now aware of being environment-friendly , which the sale and booking figures clearly indicate. We sourced more than double the number of idols than last year just to keep up with demand,\" said Mala Dhawan, founder trustee of A Hundred Hands, a nonprofit trust whose mission is to help those directly involved in the creation of handmade art and craft, and help them earn a fair and sustainable livelihood.A Hundred Hands, who get their idols from North Karnataka, Shimoga and Maharashtra, have registered 100 idol bookings so far and are expecting the number to go up manifold around the festival.\"We get them from KR Puram and Pottery Town. Keeping in mind that last year, demand was far more than supply, we've sourced around 1,000 idols this year. These are in the range of 10 inches to 3 feet and priced between Rs 250 and Rs 1,250,\" said Vijayalakshmi S, proprietor of The Living Shop.\"All you have to do is immerse the idol in a bucket of water, which can then be used in the garden, it nurtures plants and completing the cycle of nature,\" said Dhawan.Poisoning the environmentLead-based paint used to make idols colourful and shiny is environment-unfriendly . Lead is a pollutant which is hazardous to health.Plaster of Paris , widely used to make Ganesha idols, contains sulphur, gypsum, phosphorus and magnesium. While idols made of natural clay dissolve within hours of immersion in water, these idols take several years to disintegrate. This disturbs the water's ecosystem by reducing water levels and also blocking water flow.Oxygen is very important to fish and other aquatic animals. The toxic paint used in making the idols form a thin layer on the water surface, increasing the acidity level and reducing oxygen supply to aquatic animals by about 50%. This often results in the death of fish and others which depend on oxygen for survival. \"That's why shoals of dead fish are often seen floating on the surface of water bodies soon after the festival,\" said Vinay Kumar C, environmental researcher, National Referral Centre for Lead Projects in India (NRCLPI), St John's National Academy of Health Sciences.\"The response this year is wonderful. Our artisans have been kept busy with many orders ,\" said N Shashidhara, secretary of the Craft Council of Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317980", "title": "Chemists to become new drugbusters", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's most ambitious \" whistleblower policy\" to handsomely reward those who help seize spurious, adulterated and misbranded drugs, cosmetics and medical devices has failed miserably. Not a single reward has been given out till now even though Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad had announced the policy in Parliament in July, 2009.Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) Dr G N Singh told TOI in an exclusive interview that \"no credible information pin-pointing a place where manufacturing or supply of fake drugs was supplied by the public to the government.\"Now, Dr Singh has decided to rope in India's seven lakh chemist outlets to help government check the commercial sale of fake or spurious drugs. He is travelling to Chandigarh on Sunday to make an open plea to chemists during his address at the executive meeting of the All India Organization of Chemists and Druggists \u2014 an apex body of nearly 7.5 lakh mem-bers involved in wholesale and retail trade of pharmaceutical products.Dr Singh said, \"We received several false complaints. Investigations and follow ups didn't reveal a single credible case where we could seize and punish those involved in fake or spurious drug production. The problem is that a whistleblower has to file an FIR for us to take action. The public hasn't come forward to help us weed out this criminal offense.\"According to Dr Singh, a vigilance cell is being set up in every state to monitor fake or spurious drugs. The ministry had earlier received tip-offs from states like Himachal Pradesh , Haryana and Rajasthan in the northern region and one from a southern state, but none produced concrete results.The policy stipulates that the reward of a maximum of 20% of the total cost of consignments seized would be paid to the informer, which will not in any way exceed Rs 25 lakh in each case.In respect to an officer in the government or the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO), the reward would not exceed Rs 5 lakh for one case and a maximum of Rs 30 lakh in h/his entire service. The reward would be given only when there would be confirmation of the seizure of spurious drugs, cosmetics and medical devices by the designated officers of CDSCO.The policy said that once the fake drugs are seized, the government would engage senior advocates who have sufficient experience of cases relating to drugs to help punish the guilty.To ensure speedy trials, these cases will be filed before the designated/special courts set up for the purpose of drug-related issues, as per provisions of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act.The health ministry estimates that 5% of drugs in India are counterfeit, while 0.3% are spurious.A vision paper prepared by the CDSCO, quantifying how much funds are needed under the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17), says that India would require Rs 3,256 crore to strengthen its drug regulatory system.This includes cost of upgrading state laboratories, improving manpower by 2,500, creation of additional labs, mobile drug testing labs and the CDSCO's pharmaco-vigilance programme.CDSCO estimates that in the next five years, drug exports may rise from Rs 42,000 crore to Rs 2 lakh crore.The size of the medical devices industry would be around Rs 1 lakh crore, and India is poised to become the hub of clinical research with a market size of around Rs 1 lakh crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16318365", "title": "The India of today: Griping tiger, brazen swagger", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "16317905", "title": "Officials recall aid cheques, leave villagers fuming", "text": "WARDHA: Flood affected families in Arvi village got rudely shocked when district administration officials on Saturday recalled the cheques that the guardian minister Rajendra Mulak had given them.Mulak had distributed cheques of Rs2 lakh each to the three families of people who had lost their lives in the recent floods in Arvi.Heavy rains had claimed seven lives - 3 persons in Arvi tehsil, 1 in Ashti, 2 in Hinganghat and 1 in Samudrapur. Over 200 domestic animals had drowned. More than 350 houses had got damaged and many farmers had lost their standing crops.Clarifying the mistake, collector Jayashree Bhoj, said, \"It was our mistake. Actually, we had to give two separate cheques- one of Rs1 lakh under aid scheme for disaster and 1 lakh under CM's relief fund. But we had issued both the amounts in single cheque.'Sahebrao Raut, relative of a deceasedsaid, \"These Rs2 lakh won't bring back my relative but the administration should not act this way.\"SDO of Arvi, Sunil Korde, said, \"This is small thing, I admit that this may have hurt the sentiments of the affected families but we are forced to do it according to rules.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16319177", "title": "Youth bludgeoned to death near Hennur", "text": "BANGALORE: A youth who was attacked with rods, died in Saraipalya near Hennur on Friday night.Police said Shafiq Pasha, 29, a jobless youth and a small-time anti-social element, was confronted by two other youths of the locality, Imtiaz and Rasheed, when he was returning home after prayers around 10pm. They had a quarrel over Shafiq beating up their brother sometime ago. The quarrel turned violent with the two youths taking up rods and attacking him. Shafiq bled to death, police said.Police also said they were on the lookout for the accused. \"They are absconding and will be traced as both are from the neighbourhood. Shafiq is a known bad element in the locality,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16325895", "title": "Merger of two power corporations in the offing in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government may to merge the Uttar Pradesh Hydro Power Corporation Limited with the Uttar Pradesh Thermal Power Corporation Limited. A year ago, the board of directors of both the corporations had given their nod for the merger.The UP Thermal Power Corporation Limited, also popularly known as UP Rajya Vidyut Udpadan Nigam Limited (UPRVUNL), has been insisting on the merger of the two corporation on various grounds. The state government, however, is yet to make a final decision.The boards of the two corporations had in July 2011, passed proposals separately, for the merger of the hydro corporation into thermal corporation. It was argued that the hydro corporation was left with little potential for generation of power after the creation of a separate state of Uttarakhand with all water reserves. At present this corporation with around 600 employees, has power projects with a total capacity of only 500MW.\"To have a separate corporation to handle 500MW power generation is not advisable,\" the boards had pleaded.The merger of the hydro power corporation is expected to enable the management to make the optimum utilization of water resources in the state to produce electricity and also use water reservoirs for coal-fired power plants in a more efficient and economical manner.\"The move will also improve financial health of the UPRVUNL which has to spend crores of rupees on purchasing water from the UPJVUNL to run its thermal plants,\" observed an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16318443", "title": "One killed, 12 hurt in Guwahati blast", "text": "GUWAHATI: One CRPF jawan was killed and twelve others injured in a grenade blast at the crowded Paltan Bazar of the city on Saturday evening. The injured include three CRPF personnel and nine civilians.The deceased was identified as Bhabani Singh (35), a CRPF jawan from Rajasthan. Hospital sources said another injured, a woman, is also critical. All injured are undergoing treatment at Gauhati Medical College Hospital. Police officials said suspected militants hurled a hand grenade near the Paltan Bazar police station around 7:45 pm where CRPF personnel were on duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16326754", "title": "Pakistan keen on IIT lectures for its distance learning programme", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan has evinced keen interest in having distance learning courses from IITs to be beamed across its universities through video conferencing facilities, enabling access to quality lectures to students.\"Absolutely, we will be interested in having IIT courses in Pakistan through distance learning. We could link them up with our engineering universities,\" Atta-ur Rahman, president of Pakistan Academy of Sciences, said here.Rahman, a federal minister of Science and Technology in President Pervez Musharraf's regime, made a strong pitch for launching distance learning courses across South Asia at the first meeting of South Asian Academies of Science.He said he hoped the liberalised visa regime announced by India and Pakistan yesterday would ease exchange of scientists between the two countries.\"I hope the difficulties would be removed. Like business ties, cooperation in science is also very important,\" he said.At the three-day meeting that concluded today, Rahman also announced 40 scholarships for students of eight South Asian nations for pursuing studies in Pakistani universities and institutes for a three-month period.He said Pakistan, which has made effective use of the distance learning platform, was willing to take a lead role in delivering under-graduate and post-graduate courses to South Asian countries through video conferencing.\"Over 1,300 interactive lectures have been delivered in the past two years to university students through the distance learning programme across 67 state-run universities in Pakistan each one of which have excellent video conferencing facilities,\" Rahman said.Leading scientists from the US, Europe and Australia have addressed students using the Pakistan Education and Research Network that connects universities and research institutes through a high-speed bandwidth.In his presentation at the meeting, Rahman said the South Asian academies should initiate exchange programs of research students and scientists, launch joint research initiatives, development of national innovation policies and undertaking national foresight exercises.He also favoured preparation of a database of willing experts in different disciplines who would take part in the distance learning initiatives.Pakistan has already signed bilateral agreements with Sri Lanka and Bangladesh who have launched distance learning courses through video-conferencing, M Iqbal Chaudhary, Distinguished National Professor, University of Karachi, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "sriharikota (ap)", "code": "16326049", "title": "PM defends space programme expenditure", "text": "SRIHARIKOTA (AP): Commending India's 100th space mission, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today justified the expenditure on the space programme, saying critics who ask whether a \"poor country\" can afford it should see the enormous national benefits generated by this venture.He said questions were sometimes asked about whether a poor country like India could afford a space programme and whether the funds spent on space exploration, albeit modest, could be better utilised elsewhere.\"This misses the point that a nation's state of development is finally a product of its technological prowess.\"The founding fathers of our space programme faced a similar dilemma, but they persevered in pursuing their vision. When we look at the enormous societal and national benefits that have been generated in diverse fields, there can be no doubt that they were right,\" the Prime Minister said.Singh, who watched the launch of two foreign satellites onboard PSLV-C21 from the mission control centre here, said, \"As ISRO's 100th space mission, today's launch is a milestone in our nation's space capabilities.\"The launch of these satellites on board an Indian launch vehicle is testimony to the commercial competitiveness of the Indian space industry and is a tribute to Indian innovation and ingenuity.\"He warmly congratulated EADS Astrium of France and Osaka Institute of Technology of Japan, whose satellites \"SPOT 6\" and \"PROITERES\" were placed in orbit by ISRO's workhorse Polar Launch Satellite Vehicle (PSLV) in a perfect textbook launch.\"India is justly proud of its space scientists, who have overcome immense odds to set up world class facilities and develop advanced technologies\", Singh said noting this year marks the 50th anniversary of the country's space programme.Hailing ISRO, he said it had always been a source of inspiration to the country through its quest for the stars.\"I wish all of you the very best as you continue the journey to push the boundaries of science and technology, and reap its benefits for society and for accelerated social and economic development of our great country,\" he told the jubilant scientists.Singh shook hands with the scientists soon after the successful mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16320612", "title": "MP assembly has no attendance records: RTI query", "text": "BHOPAL: The present Madhya Pradesh assembly has not maintained an attendance record of its members, including that of the speaker and the chief minister, according to a reply under RTI.No attendance records are kept, \"thus it is impossible to furnish detail regarding it,\" the state assembly's public information officer said, while replying to an RTI query by an advocate Nityanand Mishra, who sought attendance details of Speaker Ishwardas Rohani, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and others members since 2008.If they are not keeping the records then on what grounds the assembly has been reimbursing travel, daily allowances and other perks to the MLAs, Mishra said adding that if such is the case, it implies that auditing is not taking place.\"People want to know what their MLAs were doing in the House. They have all the right to get this vital information. When Parliament is keeping such a record, why the MP assembly does not keep such an important detail?\" he asked.\"I have already filed an appeal with the assembly deputy secretary against public information officer's reply stating that the House does not keep record of its members' attendance,\" he said.A daily allowance of around Rs 500 is paid to a member to participate in the assembly proceedings.MP assembly Speaker Ishwardas Rohani said he was unaware of the reply to RTI application. \"I will check it out and comment over the issue,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "16322309", "title": "Kudankulam anti-nuclear protests: Tension as over 1,000 protesters oppose loading of fuel", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: A tense situation prevailed as over 1,000 anti-nuclear protesters made a vain bid to lay a siege to the controversial Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant, protesting against the proposed loading of fuel.Protesters led by People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) convener S P Udayakumar were prevented from proceeding further by Rapid Action Force personnel and police, half a kilometre away from the plant, police said.District collector R Selvaraj and sub-collector Rohini Ramdoss and district superintendent of police V Bidari are holding talks with the protesters in a bid to persuade them to disperse.More than 2,000 police personnel, including 400 RAF have been deployed near the site to prevent any untoward situation.Prohibitory orders have been clamped in a seven km radius from the plant in view of the siege call given by PMANE, seen as a last ditch resort to prevent commissioning of the plant.Regulatory authorities had recently given the go ahead for loading enriched uranium in the first of the two reactors.The first unit of KNPP, an Indo-Russian joint venture, was scheduled for commissioning in December last, but was bogged down by delay due to protests against the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16318858", "title": "Joint statement paints broad canvas for ties", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Indo-Pak Pakistan joint statement notes a review of the Mumbai attacks trial in Pakistan, India's commitment to sharing information on the Samjhauta Express case and embraces cooperation in cultural fields like organizing film festivals and exchanges between Indian and Pakistani film institutes.Taken together, the statement can be seen as a broad canvas for cooperation that a reaffirmation of the \"abiding importance\" of the Indus waters treaty and will see experts exchanging views on how to strengthen implementation.The reference is significant given that water has become another friction point in the wake of sections in Pakistan alleging upstream projects in India impact water availability.The reactivation of the joint commission covers agriculture, education, environment, health, information and broadcasting, information and technology, telecommunication, science and technology and tourism. Cooperation on cyber issues is tricky business, given security implications. Pakistan has invited Indian companies to participate in ICT events and India is willing to hold workshops in e-governance. On the political and security side, counter-terrorism and narcotics control find a mention in the statement as to Wullar and Tulbul projects. The crux of the declarations, however, said officials who drafted the observations, is in willingness to implement areas of cooperation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "alibaug (maharashtra)", "code": "16323644", "title": "Two women IBM staffers drown at Kashid beach", "text": "ALIBAUG (MAHARASHTRA): Two women employees of IT firm IBM from Pune on Sunday drowned at Kashid beach in Raigad district, about 40 km from here, police said.Pooja Rao (21) and Pavani P (22), both working at the software firm's IT Park office at Hinjewadi in Pune, were swept away by strong currents at the beach off the Arabian sea, they said.The victims were part of a group of picnickers comprising six men and nine women, police said, adding, efforts were on to trace the bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16323817", "title": "I would love to do a romantic show with Aamir: Sanjeeda Shaikh", "text": "Sanjeeda Shaikh talks about her passion for dance and wishes to share screen with husband Aamir AliSanjeeda Shaikh who is currently seen in the show Piya Ka Ghar Pyaara Lage loves dancing and wishes to open a dance academy in the future. \"I love dancing as it is a great stress buster. It also helps in toning the body and keeps me in shape. I love to perform at various award functions and one day I would like to open a dance academy,\" says Sanjeeda.The actor who has essayed various kinds of role on television, be it the happy go lucky girl in Kyaa Hoga Nimmo Kaa , or a character with negative shades in Kayamath , if given a chance would love to portray the role of Kareena Kapoor in the film Jab We Met. \"That is one role, which I think every girl would love to portray. I think I can relate to the character as I am also bubbly, chirpy and fun-loving like Geet,\" says Sanjeeda.The actor who won the dance reality show Nach Baliye with her husband Aamir Ali wishes to do a show with him. \" Whenever we perform together for an award function, we get thousand of fan mails requesting us to appear together on a show. I would love to share screen with Aamir as we share a great comfort level. And ideally it should be a love story as it would be easy for us to romance on screen,\" added she.Sanjeeda who got married in March, this year after the courtship of almost six years with her beau Aamir is enjoying her married life. \"Though I and Aamir are both busy with our respective shoots, but whenever we get free time, we like to spend with each other,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318229", "title": "Need proper regulations, says Devendra Fadnavis", "text": "NAGPUR: City police has been in top gear while raiding pubs and lounges, and nabbing people allegedly smoking illegal substances. The owners of some tony restaurants have been charged with serving liquor without permit as well using DJs without permission. It's leading to a sense of detachment among the city's youth and partygoers who are seeking to have some fun without wanting to break any laws.TOI spoke to BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis on the mushrooming pubs, restobars and lounges in the city, their legality and the people's increasing affinity towards activities at these places.Excerpts from an interview...Q. What is your stand on the pub culture growing in Nagpur?A. I am personally against it. But it cannot be countered by moral policing. The raids on pubs are quite undemocratic. The major problem is that we only have prohibitory Acts like the Bombay Police Act which is slapped during raids and actions, nothing concrete comes from that. On the contrary, the state policy seems to be encouraging such trends by offering them extended permission for late hours. We need proper regulations.Q. Will not excess regulations curb people's liberty?A. The meaning of the word 'liberty' should be interpreted in proper manner. The word should not mean that my liberty would encroach into another person's comforting zone. One can enjoy liberty till it does not transgress into another's liberty. Our youth needs to understand this. Every generation has its values. We must respect each other's values. The exposure of the very generation is different and so is the value. Thus even the media of entertainment too is different.Q. Do you feel that the pub and parlour trend has something to do with economic growth?A. Hookah was not a problem till it was free of nicotine. Till then there was not much hue and cry. It was merely a style statement. The owners of such parlours suddenly realized the potential of adding nicotine and narcotics and the result is reflecting on the society.Q. Don't you feel that anti-pub is anti-youth?A. Enjoy, dance and socializing is no big problem. The problem starts beyond it. If today's generation is matured enough to look into that direction then we are not bothered to teach them too. A large section is not matured enough to look beyond and the problem starts from there. Everyone needs to introspect be it the youths, their parents, the society and others. We need to react and find a midway between complete ban and total freedom. Our society is caught in a transition. Everyday we are facing a new problem being triggered from that transition. We can only cope up with the nuances of the transition and its challenges if the government, society and the individuals come together.Q. What are your last words on the issue?A. We, as a society, are aware about our rights but not the responsibilities. If we ensure that every section of the society is made aware of its responsibilities then half of our problems would be gone. Instead of being just cynical or sceptical about any issue, lets face it and try change whatever is possible. Only speeches or raids cannot change the situation when the problem on hand is social.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16327146", "title": "Hydro-power projects facing problems for clearances: Tuki", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister has said that the state was facing problems in getting forest and environment clearances, in some cases taking years, for the proposed hydropower projects in the Himalayan state.Attending a panel discussion on Hydropower Projects in North East at New Delhi yesterday, NabamTuki said that the state was facing serious problems in getting Forest and Environment clearances, in some cases taking years, official sources informed here today.Arunachal Pradesh has a potential of 40 per cent of the country's total hydro-power generation potential.Tuki requested the Union Ministry of Environment and Forests to have more positive role in hydropower development in the state.He also pointed that due to staff constraints and other factors, the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), Central Water Commission (CWC) and the Geological Survey of India (GSI) are unable to speed up the issuance of Techno-Economical Clearance (TEC) despite their efforts to examine the DPRs and issue the clearances.In addition, there are some more major roads that need to be taken up at the earliest under some scheme by the Government of India, he said.Highlighting the significance of hydropower, Chief Minister viewed that besides producing clean energy, it would regulate flow of water during rainy seasons, moderate floods and consequently save losses of life, property and agricultural prospects in downstream areas.Earlier, Tuki informed that of the projected 60000 MW potential in the state, projects of almost 42000 MW installed capacity have already been allotted while additional 10000 MW is likely to be allotted soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16318117", "title": "Doctors train teachers on World First-Aid Day", "text": "CHENNAI: On the occasion of World First-Aid Day, paediatricians have advocated the need to train teachers and parents to administer fist-aid to students in the wake of a spate of accidents involving school children. In the past few months, the city has seen several accidental deaths of students.\"Everyone needs to be trained in attending to people in case of emergency. But teachers and parents in particular need to be specially trained in administering first-aid because of their close proximity to children,\" said Indira Jaikumar, senior consultant, emergency and pediatric intensive care at Apollo Hospitals.\"Many accident victims can be saved if the injuries are not too bad and if people in the vicinity know how to give first-aid. Lives of several children could be saved if teachers and parent know it. There is lack of awareness about first-aid in society and the issue must be addressed,\" she said.Marking the World First-aid Day, Apollo Children's Hospital organised a workshop for teachers and parents on first-aid and basic life support. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16317389", "title": "No solution in sight to Cochin University of Science and Technology fund woes", "text": "KOCHI: The state's only science and technology varsity seems to be reeling under fund crunch. The situation is so bad that the vice-chancellor (VC) of Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) Ramachandran Thekkedath says it could affect the academic activities of the varsity.To wriggle out of the Rs 50-crore deficit, he has already sought the help of the state government. The government, in return, has promised to release Rs 10 crore as interim relief to university. The decision was taken after a high-level committee of the varsity comprising the VC, registrar, and the chairman of the standing committee approached the government for help.Though the money sanctioned is yet to come, varsity officials say it is too little.Cusat, in its efforts to overcome fund shortage, had been withdrawing money deposited in the employees' provident fund (PF). Officials say the money given by state government will be used to repay the PF liabilities.On Saturday, the VC, while speaking at a function to inaugurate the chair for human rights in the name of jurist V R Krishna Iyer, called upon the government to find a lasting solution to the financial woes of the varsity.Incidentally, chief minister Oommen Chandy , who inaugurated the chair, did not speak about granting financial aid to the varsity in his speech.\"We have high expectations from Cusat. We hope the varsity introduces new courses to meet the present day needs. We will ensure that the Union ministry of human resource development upgrades the varsity to Indian Institute of Engineering Science and Technology in the 12th five-year plan,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16317440", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation aims big, achieves little", "text": "HYDERABAD: Civic officials frequently make grand plans, but often fail to deliver on those. The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), which had proposed, in its budget, to take up road-laying works to the tune of Rs 960 crore has, till August, executed plans amounting to a mere Rs 27 crore. Also, not a paise has been spent on major projects like construction of culverts or bridges although Rs 40 crore has been allocated for the same this fiscal.So, if a road work is sanctioned in your colony, do not expect GHMC officials to take it up pronto. The work may take several months or even years to complete unless there is pressure from the local corporator or if the area is one which sees prominent VIP movement. Ironically, 50 road works have been pending for several months awaiting formal inauguration by either local corporators or MLAs.Works worth several crores of rupees have piled up across all corporation zones as projects are being taken up only for five months at a time due to various reasons. Generally, the engineering wing takes up works, though sanctions are given,between December and May and would not execute any project except emergency works, due to monsoon, between June and November.Civic sources said that projects with an outlay of nearly Rs 1,000 crore, including laying of roads (both cement, concrete and bitumen), laying of sewer lines, construction of drains, community halls and adding of compound walls to parks and playgrounds, were yet to be completed. These works exclude the ones being undertaken for the COP-11 biodiversity meet, which is to be held in the city.Apart from regular works, though there were dry spells in the last two months, the engineering wing did not take up regular maintenance like road repairs and pothole-filling works despite calling for short tender notices for completing them.Mayor Majid Hussain has raised the issue of pending road works at recent standing committee review meetings with zonal commissioners and deputy municipal commissioners. He has even sought explanations from seven deputy municipal commissioners and 13 assistant engineers for the delay in commencing works, especially those to do with the repair of roads damaged in the recent rains. The civic body has sanctioned about Rs 22 crore worth of road repairs for the entire city.It is learnt that no major projects, like construction of culverts and bridges, has been taken up despite the Rs 40 crore allocated for the same. Another amount of Rs 100 crore was earmarked for remodelling of storm water drains but, again, the civic authority has reportedly managed to spend only Rs 11 crore from that fund. With regard to construction of community halls and other buildings, Rs 13 crore was spent in the past five months against the Rs 26 crore estimated for the current fiscal.\"Only 40% of sanctioned works get completed in a year. Due to pressure from local corporators and public representatives like MLAs, works are sanctioned towards the end of the financial year and spills over into the next fiscal,\" a top GHMC official said.The other problem is of contractors grabbing dozens of works worth several crores of rupees although he may be only equipped to take them up one after the other. \"To avoid this problem, we will evolve a procedure wherein contractors would get projects based on their financial status and technical capabilities. That will also solve the civic backlog problem to a great extent,\" the mayor told TOI.When contacted, R Dhan Singh, the GHMC engineer-in-chief, said that the corporation has been making efforts to complete the works on a priority basis. He said that the non-execution of projects could be put down mainly to a shortage of engineering staff to monitor quality along with urban issues like traffic problems which mean that road-laying can only be taken up during nighttime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16326255", "title": "Citizens group objects government policy about sugar export", "text": "PUNE: The Sajag Nagrik Manch, a citizens group here, has urged the union ministry of agriculture to take steps to ensure that sugar prices remain at affordable prices during the festive season.Sugar should be available at very affordable prices. The ministry should work for interest of common man and farmers. Allow the sugar to be sweeter for coming festival'', the manch said in a letter sent to the agriculture ministry.Opposing any move to export sugar, the manch said that it is illogical to export sugar. The move appears only to add to the profits of wholesalers and middlemen'', the manch said.The prices of sugar have been rising consistently. The manch said that it was surprising that sugar export target was fixed at 15 lakh tonnes in the first week of August when sugar prices were at all time low in world market. It is also surprising that sugar factories are liable for penalty for not achieving export target even at loss. Forced exports reduce local stocks , and this results in prices going upwards, Jugal Rathi of the manch said.The manch has highlighted that if sugar is not exported, then there will be more sugar available in the country. The speculators, big farmers, factories reap undue excessive benefits of price speculation. Many areas in Maharashtra are facing drought. This situation will be exploited by the speculators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16332676", "title": "Potholed Arera roads proving a big pain", "text": "BHOPAL: Bumpy drive on potholed roads of Arera Colony is an exercise in torture for daily commuters. Several motorists have been victims of accident while others complain of back-related problems. Starting from E-1 to E-8, the poor condition of roads in one of the most happening locality of the city- Arera Colony is causing inconvenience to residents.Meet Sarita Sharma, a resident of E-2, Arera Colony, who is suffering from severe backache problem due to bad roads in here. \"I drive to Shalimar Apartments near Habibganj under-bridge twice or thrice a week for my work. Potholes and high speed-breakers create a lot of inconvenience while driving. Due to jerks on roads, I am suffering from backache and the doctor has told me to avoid driving two-wheeler,\" Sarita said. The patch from diverted route from E-3 Arera Colony has added more to the woes of the residents due to sudden rise of traffic here.Tanvi Chincholkar and Neha Dandawate, residents of 11 No. market said, \"We commute on two-wheelers each day to the college. Neha met with an accident last week when her Scooty skidded as a pothole was covered with sand, resulting in an injury. We have a very important session in the college, but I am not able to attend college due to the accident.\"The condition of roads in interior E-4 and E-5 is also in a bad shape. Despite various complaints to the local corporators, there is no respite for the residents here.\"The road heading from Sai board to my residence is full of potholes. We have changed our route of commuting due to bad road,\" S K Verma told TOI. Upper tar layer came off the road connecting 11 and 12 number markets due to heavy rains. Nitin Dharkar, Ambuj Shukla and Rashmi Singh, residents of 12 No. market said, \"The road is narrow. Low-floor buses, mini-buses pass through the road. Moreover, due to shops adjoining the route, there is no place for the water runoff. As a result, the road gets damaged frequently.\" While the residents are facing trouble due poor condition of roads, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is waiting for weather to clear.\"We are aware of the poor condition of the roads in Arera Colony. As soon as the weather clears, the corporation will start the road repair work here,\" said BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16320400", "title": "Suspended CSA CEO Gerald Majola wants R4 million golden handshake", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Suspended Cricket South Africa chief executive officer Gerald Majola wants a 4 million Rand golden handshake from the Board to part ways, a report claimed on Sunday.Majola's lawyer Pumezo David told the daily 'The New Age' that a settlement offer had been put to CSA, but would not divulge the details.But, CSA's lawyers say it is unlikely to accept the offer and will continue with Majola's long-delayed disciplinary hearing, to be held next month, as recommended by Nicholson Inquiry and demanded by Sports Minister Fikile Mbalula.Majola was charged by the Nicholson Inquiry as having breached his fiduciary duties by paying huge unauthorised bonuses to himself and other CSA staff for the IPL 2 which was played in South Africa due to security concerns around elections at that time in India.Mbalula instituted the Nicholson Inquiry after almost two years of wrangling at CSA which saw President Mtutuzeli Nyoka ousted twice for challenging the bonuses. Nicholson not only recommended the disciplinary action by CSA, but also the investigation of possible criminal charges against Majola.Although Majola and CSA agreed at a mediation meeting last month that it would be in the best interests of both parties to settle the debacle, the Board is unlikely to accede to the latest demand, which is equivalent to two years' salary for Majola. Mbalula has already made it clear publicly that CSA should try to recover the unauthorised bonuses.But, Mbalula's adviser Justin de Allende told the daily that \"the matter has nothing to do with the ministry, it's between the CSA and Majola\".Majola's disciplinary hearing, which CSA had initially indicated would be finalised by the end of March this year, has been dragging on after various technical objections.Last month Advocate Karel Tip was appointed by the Johannesburg Bar Council to chair the hearing after advocate John Myburgh stepped down following calls by Majola's legal team because Myburgh had made a non-binding advisory award in favour of CSA even before the hearing started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16318230", "title": "CM durbar in Nagpur to bridge govt-janata gap", "text": "NAGPUR: With just two years left for elections in the state, the Congress party has embarked on an exercise to bridge the growing gap between the people and the government that it leads. As part of it, regular 'janata durbars' of the ministers and chief minister will be held in the city. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will hold the first such durbar on September 14. He gave his nod for it during a brief halt here on Friday night.As soon as he landed here Friday midnight, he met senior district officials led by divisional commissioner B V Gopala Reddy, district collector Saurabh Rao and police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay. Ministers from the city, Nitin Raut and Rajendra Mulak were also present along with city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta. At the midnight meeting, it was decided to hold the CM janata durbar next week in the city.\"There are several issues hanging fire for months and years, from rehabilitation of Gosikhurd and Mihan project affected people to clearances for Mouda power project and slow pace of several development works. Things got worse with the big blaze in Mantralaya that devoured files containing unresolved civic and other matters concerning the public for which they are required to go to Mumbai for hearing with officials,\" said Gupta.\"In fact, on August 27, the district Congress committee passed a resolution seeking to hold janata durbars by the ministers and the CM in the city on the lines of those held in Mumbai. On the MPCC initiative such meetings are held every 15 days in the Congress office and ministers and once in a quarter the CM attends it to resolve public problems,\" said Gupta.\"For the CM durbar we are yet to finalize the venue. As the party office Devadia Bhavan is located in a congested place, we may plan it at Ramgiri, the CM's residence here, immediately after the series of meetings with officials that the CM is to hold that day,\" said Gupta. Top officials of several departments would be present where the effort would be to take fast decision on people's problems pending with the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16317017", "title": "Dwarka death: Lack of footage hurdle in probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lack of CCTV footage is proving a hurdle in the investigation of 14-year-old Vaibhav Kumar's death at Skylark Apartments in Dwarka Sector 6. Vaibhav, a Class 9 student of Bal Bharti School was found dead at the foot of his residential tower last Wednesday.On the fourth day of their investigations, police sources said at least four suspicious people seen moving inside the building at the time Vaibhav went missing had been questioned without achieving a breakthrough. However, the boy's family said police had not scanned video from a rooftop camera despite their repeated requests.\"Vaibhav's parents have been talking about CCTV footage. But we have not recovered any footage of the child beyond 6.49pm, when he is seen entering a lift. The four people were seen moving towards Tower 3 around the same time but there is no footage to establish their actions. We can't question someone on mere speculation. Vaibhav is again caught on camera at 10.08pm, falling from the top,\" said the official.Senior official said Vaibhav's postmortem report, which is ready, may be handed to police on Monday. \"The report will help us establish the exact time of death, nature of injuries and whether he had wounds on his body. It will reveal any foul play,\" said a source.Vaibhav's father Dr Vijendra Kumar said they were planning to hold a candle light march on Sunday. \"We are trying to arrange more footage for police. They recorded the statement of my daughter on Friday as she was the first to notice the body. But they are still dithering on lodging an FIR for murder. We have decided to hold a candle light vigil to explain to people why this is a murder. We want to hold it at India Gate. If that is not possible, we will hold it in Dwarka,\" said Kumar.On Saturday, the family again insisted that Vaibhav had died hours before his body dropped on the ground floor.\"His body had turned cold. Stiffness in his elbow had started and his pupils were extremely white. Also, his body hit the ground in a lifeless manner,\" said Vijendra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16317739", "title": "Onus on contractor to offer 'best price' for civic projects", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has decided to introduce an undertaking for the contractors bidding for projects after several reports surfaced that the civic body paid more than the market rate to suppliers in deals.The administration has issued a circular stating that it will be mandatory for the supplier to give a written undertaking to the BMC on a Rs 100 stamp paper, affirming that the price it has offered the BMC\" is the best price and the contractor will not quote a lower price for the same work/supply to any other agency, including government and semi-government entities.\"The directive goes on to state that since there have been past cases where the prices quoted by the bidders for a particular equipment are higher that the price quoted by him for the same equipment to other agencies.The circular also suggests that in case after submitting the undertaking if it is found that the prices quoted by the bidder are higher than his quotations to any other outside agencies, then the 'earnest money deposit' (that bidder presents to BMC) may be forfeited. The contractor/firm may also be blacklisted. TOI was the first to report about the case in which the civic body purchased over a thousand multi-functional waist belts in September 2009 for its firemen at a price that was well over five times the rate paid by the Mumbai police when they bought similar ones six months later from the same supplier.The civic body had purchased the belts at the cost of Rs 10,743 each, while the police had shelled out Rs 1,980 a piece. Opinion is divided over the circular, since civic officials and contractors think the move will \"kill competition\" in the market. Experts also feel the onus of scrutinizing the bid cost should be on the administration rather than the contractors.\"The BMC should have an estimate before dolling out the tenders so that they are aware of the market cost of the particular equipment or service,\" said a contractor. \"They should check on their ownwhether or not the bidder is offering them a fair deal. Why is the contractor being asked to certify?\" he added..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16318460", "title": "Kingpin in dacoity case arrested from Patna", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police, investigating the Ambika jewellery dacoity case, got a major breakthrough on Saturday when the man who the executed and planned the robbery was arrested from Patna. According to the police, he is a seasoned criminal against whom at least a dozen cases including dacoity are registered at various police stations in Jharkhand , Orissa and Bihar.Jaipur police had already arrested six persons in connection with the case, out of which two were actively involved in Maoist activities. The dacoits had taken away Rs 1.25 crore from the jewelleryAddressing a press conference, commissioner of police BL Soni said: \"Our team got a tip-off that he was in Patna railway station and was planning to move out of the city. Our teams were camping there and he was arrested,\" he added.\"He was convicted in a dacoity case that took place in Balasore in Orissa,\" Soni added.\"He brought the sedatives and injected it to the employees at the jewellery shop,\" Soni added.Police said that he came in contact with Rahul Pandey who was a salesman at a liquor shop situated in Vidhyadhar. Rahul is already arrested in this case.\"So far we have recovered a jewellery of around Rs 70 lakh and efforts are on to recover more from the arrested accused,\" Soni added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16318234", "title": "Unmanned aerial vehicles map quarries to catch extent of mining", "text": "MADURAI: Unmanned aerial vehicles were pressed into service to survey the granite blocks in Madurai for the second consecutive day on Saturday.The UAVs developed by Anna University were used to take photographs and videos of the stock yard and granite blocks there, spread across several acres. Gadgets have come in handy for the authorities who are probing the multi-crore illegal granite quarrying scam. The district administration had earlier used total station solution, an equipment to assess the quarries.The UAV, weighing 1.8 kg, and fitted with a camera and GPS, is capable of flying up to a height of one km and capturing the ground below for a radius of five km. The UAV transmitted the images in real time to the ground where a team of experts from the varsity as well as officials viewed them on a laptop.The officials have planned to compare the images by UAV with existing aerial images of quarry areas taken in the past to assess the extent of quarrying. The UAV tagged Dhaksha was developed by the Department of Aerospace Engineering's Division of Avionics, MIT, Anna University. Dhaksha was aimed at providing solutions during rescue operations with real-time video and stable, high-resolution imagery.Project director of Dhaksha K Senthil Kumar was also in Melur inspecting the use of UAV in the granite quarries. The UAV can move at speeds of up to 60 kmph.The UAV was used extensively in Idayapatti on Friday while it was used in quarries at Keelavalavu on Saturday. Officials involved in the inspection said the UAV would be used for another one week to completely assess the quarries in Melur and take photographs and videos. Officials said the images sent by the UAVs gave insights on the volume of granite blocks stored in the yards.The district administration, besides using the UAV, has also planned to go in for manual inspection of the quarries and will dig at places in the quarries suspected to have been covered to hide illegalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-09"}
