{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17749911", "title": "Ready to rock on New Year's Eve?", "text": "KOLKATA: The city is ready to party wild on New Year's Eve. With the closure deadline extended to 4am till January 15, star hotels and nightclubs are back to organizing gala parties and lavish dinners for revellers. Several are planning more entertainment events during the first week of the new year to take advantage of the late closure.At Underground in Hotel Hindustan International (HHI), a fairytale theme party will usher in 2013. Titled 'Ibiza', the party will have fairies dancing to music and the club will be decorated with candies. At Virgose, the other nightclub at HHI, a Wild West theme party has been planned. The hotel is working on another entertainment event on December 29.\"The deadline extension couldn't have come at a better time. Things were looking quite gloomy till last week. Now that we are allowed to stay open till 4 am, we might as well make full use of it. This also comes as a big relief for late-night revellers, for they have been deprived of their share of fun and entertainment for the last 10 months,\" said Amit Hathiramani, head of events at HHI.Inferno at Chrome Hotel will rock to high-decibel music on December 31. A DJ is being flown in from Mumbai for the occasion. Revellers can also look forward to a sumptuous dinner at the banquet. \"We had shelved our late-night party plans. But it was revived after last week's announcement. The response has been fabulous and enquiries are pouring in,\" said a spokesperson.Tantra at The Park promises the \"most perfect New Year's Eve party of the season with the best in music and entertainment\". Three DJs at the nightclub will be churning out pulsating music and \"entertain with their fantastic mixes\". Someplace Else, another nightclub at the hotel, will go \"high on rock\" with \"The Saturday Night Blues\". Night of Casablanca will greet revellers at Aqua at the same hotel. It promises to be the \"best combination of music, ambience and delicacies on New Year Eve\".That apart, the poolside at the hotel will have a live grills counter with all the best dishes on offer. \"The decision to allow late-night parties has been a great boost for entertainment in the city. This not only offers Kolkatans a chance to let their hair down on New Year's Eve, but will also help tourism. It couldn't have come at a better time,\" said Promode Bhandari, general manager, The Park.ITC Sonar will have a quieter New Year's Eve. Here, no special music or entertainment event has been lined up. But menus have been upgraded. \"Our stress will be more on extending a great fine dining experience. All our five restaurants will offer new items. There will be a buffet at the lawn. But overall, it will be a quiet but enjoyable evening,\" said Zubin Songadwala, general manager.At most standalone nightclubs, theme parties will ring in the festive season. While Soho on Sarat Bose Road had its revellers down on the floor with its theme party on the Christmas Eve, Plush on Theatre Road had flown in a DJ from Austria to set the house on fire. \"For the New Year's Eve we will have 'the white party' - a theme well known in Europe. I am sure such theme parties would be a hot with our guests,\" said Subhrata Dutta, GM operations at Soho.While clubs attached with star properties are allowed to open its door till 4 am during this festive season, the standalone ones have the licence to operate only till 2 am. But officials feel that this will in no way hamper their business. All are expecting a full house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17751538", "title": "Indefinite curfew in Ghosla after violence over rape bid", "text": "UJJAIN: Indefinite curfew was clamped in Ghosla town, 30 km from Ujjain, on Monday morning after incidents of arson and disturbance over a bid to gang rape a minor on Sunday evening. Hindu outfits have called for district bandh on Tuesday.According to sources, a 13-year-girl of Ralayta village, who studies in class VII in Ghosla, was returning home from a photo studio when a youth, Salman, approached her and told her that she has been called to her school by her teacher, according to police. On the way, at a secluded place, four of Salman's friends were waiting and pounced on her. Sensing trouble, the girl raised an alarm following which the villagers turned up and rescued the girl.All the accused are in the age group of 15-18 years, who tried to molest and reportedly tore her clothes. As the news about the incident spread , people staged a road blockade on Indore-Kota state highway in the town.Police rushed to the spot to pacify the agitators. The mob allegedly torched a shop, pelted stones at a religious place and vandalized some vehicles. Sensing that the situation was going out of control, additional police force from Ujjain was rushed and senior officials, including IGP Upendra Jain, DIG Shreeniwas Verma and collector BM Sharma also rushed to the spot even as section 144 of CrPC was imposed at around midnight and later curfew was imposed.In the meantime, people of a particular community gathered at Mahidpur and demanded action against those who indulged in arson. IGP Jain told TOI that four out of five accused -- Altaf, Golu, Irshad and Salman -- have already been arrested. Also, five persons have been arrested for arson and creating disturbance. Bajrang Dal activists demonstrated at Tower Chowk here on Monday evening demanding stringent action against the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "17751408", "title": "Doctors urged to avoid inflicting \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcdiagnostic pain\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 on patients", "text": "DARBHANGA: Former president A P J Abdul Kalam asked doctors on Sunday to avoid inflicting diagnostic pain on patients. \"If a patient is prescribed pathological and radiological tests without any justification, it pinches his pocket and then he develops diagnostic pain,\" he said while defining 'diagnostic pain.' Kalam was addressing an interactive meeting on Sunday evening with doctors and medical students in the auditorium of Darbhanga Medical College Hospital ( DMCH).He said a medical graduate remains a student for five years and an intern in the sixth year. \"Doctors should have two hearts, a normal heart and a heart of kindness. Every doctor should go to the rural areas for serving the rural masses as a large number of people live below the poverty line (BPL) and need medicare,\" Kalam said.Quoting from a book titled 'Medicine and Compassion', Kalam said generosity, truth, compassion, qualitative concentration on patients and good behaviour with attendants should be some of the many virtues of doctors. \"Please avoid inflicting diagnostic pain on patients,\" Kalam said. Speaking on the qualities of a leader, Kalam said, \"A leader must have vision. He/she should know to manage success and failure besides having courage to take risk. If politicians and scientists work together, the country will grow by leaps and bounds.\" \"In the early 70s, the country was importing foodgrain. The then food and agriculture minister C Subramaniam ushered in the Green Revolution. The late Vikram Sarabhai prepared the roadmap for launching satellites and the result is to be seen to be believed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753091", "title": "Indian IT companies increase security for women employees", "text": "As Nirbhaya's story grips the nation, the IT &amp; BPO industry -- which has a sizable chunk of women employees and where workdays ending in the wee hours is routine -- is further tightening its security measures.The industry got a wake-up call with the horrific rape and murder of Pratibha Murthy in Bangalore in 2005. The country's IT &amp; BPO sector, in which women account for 35% and 50% of the total workforce respectively, said they have periodically upped safety measures for women employees in the past five years to counter the unsafe environment outside office space.Given that the BPO industry predominantly functions during the night and a high percentage of women is employed, security and transport have become critical areas. IT lobby body Nasscom has already put in place a Nasscom BPO Code of Conduct that focuses on security during commute, transport and vendor selection, employee communication, and security within the premises. The code, for example, states that women employees must not sit in the front seat of the vehicle.Mumbai-headquartered BPO company Aegis has tweaked its human resource polices for women in the past year, such that now women employees across all levels can opt for a day shift instead of night shift. According to SM Gupta, global chief people officer at Aegis, about 90% of the company's women workforce has opted for day shifts. The company has a workforce of around 24,000 employees of which 20% constitute women.\"For women employees travelling at night, strict and thorough background checks are done on the driver and security guards who accompany them home,\" said Gupta.HCL Technologies constantly monitors all employee cab services from its base stations. In case of any emergency, its SPOCs (single point of contacts) manning the base station can connect immediately with local police stations and patrolling units. Each employee also has on hand contact details of transport SPOCs, who can in turn mobilize necessary assistance in case of emergencies.\"All women employees have to call the transport desk to report safe arrival at home. In case they don't , the transport desk calls up the employee at the estimated time of reaching home on her mobile or home number for confirmation. This is compiled as a daily safe arrival report and subjected to internal audit,\" said Subrat Chakravarty, VP and global head - HR, business services, HCL Technologies.Besides, companies like Infosys and HCL are conducting self-defence classes to empower its women. To take the self-defence aspect a notch up, companies like HCL have set up shops within their office premises to facilitate the sale of pepper spray. HCL also has a stringent per-engagement screening process of its transport vendors by sharing records with the police. The company has created a common database of blacklisted vendors/drivers, which is updated and distributed regularly.The Indian IT/BPO industry is of the opinion that their existing safety processes and measures for women are only now being talked about by the government.\"Whether it's GPRS tracking devices in vehicles or security guards escorting women to their homes, these are practices the BPO industry has pioneered,\" says Raman Roy, CMD, Quatrro Global Services headquartered in Delhi. According to Roy, safety measures for women employees is an ongoing process and doesn't come to light only when incidents such as the Delhi rape case pop up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17751231", "title": "Residents demand strict action against offenders", "text": "GURGAON: Shaken and stirred by the gang rape in Delhi, the residents of the city have now asked for severe action against vehicles with tinted glasses, especially private chartered buses. The residents complain that traffic cops usually only collect challans and let vehicles with black films on their glasses go.Insecure parents, concerned about their children's safety, said most luxury cars on the city roads have tinted glasses and the drivers are mostly let off after being challaned. Rajan Sharma, a resident of DLF and a concerned parent, said, \"I have also approached police on several occasions in the past. On why they were not getting the tinted glass removed, the cops only said that they were not supposed to do that. I have also sent a message to the concerned DCP.\" Sharma is always worried about her school-going daughter.Another resident, Sarita Prakash, said, \"I seldom allow my daughter to go alone after dark. The sense of insecurity always remains there in the mind of women.\"When contacted, joint commissioner of police Anil Rao said, \"Traffic cops are instructed to remove black films besides challaning those vehicle owners. Besides, such drives are being conducted regularly.\"According to a traffic police data, as many as 11, 202 people have been fined for vehicles with tinted glasses.Rao said cops on night duty have been given high power \"dragon light\" torches so enable them see inside vehicles during foggy nights. They have also been provided with jackets which glow in the night. We have been getting complaints regarding low police presence in the night. Their presence will now be known, Rao added.Keeping in view the New Year's eve, Rao said three all-women PCRs have been deployed, besides posting women constables in other PCRs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750323", "title": "Musi revival project makes no progress", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Musi is dirtier than what it was a year ago. And there are no signs that it would be free of sewage, as had been promised by the government, in the near future.The Intersection and Diversion units (ID) which were installed to divert incoming nalas or sewage lines, to treatments plants, have been rendered defunct owing to their labor intensive operation.The 'Abatement of Pollution of River Musi' was a project sanctioned by the National River Conservation Directorate of Ministry of environment and forests in 2005. The project was split into two phases. Partly funded by the state government, its implementation was entrusted to the HMWSSB. In the first phase, four Sewerage Treatment Plants (STP), 35.36 km of conveying lines (to STPs) on the south and the north banks of the river, and 16 ID units were installed by the water board at a cost of Rs 400 crore.The ID units became functional in 2009 with the completion of the phase one of the project. Each one ofID unit collects water from a single nala flowing towards the river, detains wastes and de-silts the water before letting it flow into the intersectional pipelines that run along either side of the river. Each of the units require at least two men to remove the accumulated wastes and to allow effective functioning of the filtering mechanism at the units. If the units are not de-silted regularly, the nala water floods the units and makes a free run to the river, defeating all efforts to keep the latter clean.In April this year the contractor in charge of the units on the High Court to Salar Jung Museum stretch refused to continue work as the water board had not cleared the bills. TOI had reported the run off while drawing attention to the damage that the murky water had caused to the river and the promenades that were developed by the GHMC along the banks. But nothing has changed.This e stretch between the High Court and Salar Jung Museum has four units where sand bangs have been placed at the mouth of the units to prevent water from flowing out of the unit. However all efforts to contain nala water and divert it to the intersectional pipes have failed as de-silting is not taking place.When contacted, HMWSSB officials maintained that labour is being employed regularly to de-silt the units. But they failed to explain the run off. \"We are employing two men regularly to de-silt the units. It is not possible to keep up the activity all day long as it is labor intensive,\" said an official.According to experts unless the Water and Sewage Board takes up the pollution of the Musi river seriously, nothing is going to change. For instance, one of them said, the board should ensure deployment of necessary labour force and monitor the work regularly to get desired results. Or, it should change the de-silting and waste removal from manual to automated system immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750279", "title": "No bus was challaned for tinted film before rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police had never challaned any bus with tinted windows until the home ministry ordered them specifically to take action against such buses\u00e2\u20ac\u201d72 hours after Nirbhaya was gang-raped in a chartered bus. This disclosure by the cops also partly explains how the bus managed to ply in the city as a school-cum-chartered bus despite violating traffic norms. That these violations were on for a long time and on a mass scale was clear when the cops identified 568 such vehicles in four days starting December 20. This also includes those buses in which curtains were fitted.According to senior Delhi traffic police officers, they had never taken action against public transport as \"till a week ago, none could have imagined that a gang rape could take place inside such vehicles\". \"We were checking cars as these had a history of such crimes. We had no idea that even buses are unsafe in this city. We will now ensure that bus owners are pulled up if they break laws,\" said a senior cop.Traffic constables have been empowered for the first time to remove tinted films even though only a head constable can issue a challan.Five policemen had been suspended for dereliction of duty; five others were suspended after the Union home ministry found out that they were not in their duty positions in Connaught Place three days ago.Even police's claim that they have managed to stop drivers from using tinted glasses has come under scanner. In spite of beginning the drive in May this year, and the fact that the traffic cops had notched up impressive figures, more than 6,945 car owners were found using tinted films in the past four days alone.\"It seems some of them might have remounted tinted films,\" said an officer. A total of 1,005 drivers were caught violating the PSV badge rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17751532", "title": "Stage set for Santa Claus and grand festivities of Christmas", "text": "AURANGABAD: Chocolate cakes, scrumptious meals, pile of gifts for family and friends, warm get-togethers and carol singing - Christmas is this and much more. And one look at city malls, markets, condominiums and hotels, and you know that Santa is here!While for some the celebrations mean a large-scale reunion, for others, the festival is observed with a simple gifting of cards and chocolates among near and dear ones.Schools, churches and apartments in Christian localities have organised a number of caroling events to spread the message of love, sharing, kindness and peace. Owners of bakeries, malls and schools are making the festivities extra special for children.\"Christmas is a time to rejoice and celebrate. In today's fast-paced life, people hardly get time to socialise. But during Christmas, we all come together to celebrate and have fun with friends, family members and neighbours,\" said Bina, a resident of Devanagari.In the week before Christmas, Flavia Alberqueque, principal of Cambridge School, engages herself in decorating her home. \"My family, close friends and I visit families and exchange sweets. Every year my family distributes sweets to the blind school and old-age homes. I look forward to this occasion,\" said Flavia.Johnson, a resident of Cidco, said, \"The kids are an excited lot. They eagerly await the arrival of Santa and the gifts.\"For others, like Elisha D'souza, a Christmas Eve mass and a morning church prayer on Christmas day, followed by a family get-together, are enough to add to the festive cheer. At a church in Cantonment area, the Christian and non-Christian alike, get together to go caroling in the evening. And with the church decorated for the festivities, there is a merry-making in the air.Meanwhile, the hotels are ready for the big day. Owners of restaurants and malls have planned a special X-mas menu to make sure patrons have a gala time.\"There will be special decorations for Christmas and New Year. Wine will also be served on demand. Otherwise drinking is prohibited in our restaurant,\" said owner of a restaurant on Station road. In a cafe at Cidco, Santa will make an appearance and distribute chocolates among the guests.The malls and shopping complexes are putting up Christmas trees. Santa caps, bags and goodies, colourful bells, ribbons, candies and many other items are on sale.\"Christmas is the biggest festival and we start preparing months in advance,\" said Anil Iravane, president of a city mall. \"Children are very excited about this festival and the one-week holiday adds to the excitement. We have also arranged for various games to add to the fun and cheer,\" he said.\"These celebrations will starts from Christmas and continue till the New Year. Having the perfect combination of shopping, eating and games, malls are the place to be with while celebrating with family,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17749069", "title": "Barak Valley joins protest against Delhi gangrape", "text": "SILCHAR: Students of Assam University, Silchar, and several other colleges evening brought out a candlelight procession here on Monday morning seeking speedy justice for the 23-year-old paramedic who was gang-raped in a moving private bus in Delhi.The students in Barak Valley areas have been taking to the streets in line with the nationwide protest for last few days. Silchar, Karimganj, Hailakandi towns witnessed several protest rallies and some more are on the pipeline.Posters seeking capital punishment for the six culprits involved in the crime have been pasted on many roadside walls and buildings.The candlelight procession, which was organized by the university and collage students of Silchar, started from the statute of martyr Kshudiram Bose at 5 pm during the day and moved through the main streets of the town. The students, who were carrying banners and posters, decried the government for its highhandedness in dealing with the ongoing protests in different places of Delhi.\"There's presence of a large number of students from the northeast in Delhi and they are often subjected to molestation and other harassments by goons. NE students enjoy little security and justice in such cases. We demand a halt to such incidents and a suitable atmosphere for security of students in Delhi coming from across the country,\" said Rupali, a student of GC College, who joined the protest. \"We will help spread the agitation against the brutal rape of a paramedic in Delhi throughout the country. We will not stop until the authorities pronounce capital punishment of the six rapists,\" said Ashok, a student of AU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17751061", "title": "9-year-old molested by employer", "text": "KANPUR: Amid the nationwide uproar against the gangrape in a moving bus in Delhi, a nine-year-old girl was allegedly molested by her employer in Govindnagar police area in the city here on Saturday. Her parents lodged an FIR on Monday after which the accused was arrested.According to the investigators, the father of the victim lodged a complaint against Jaswinder alias Pappu of CTI crossing for molesting his daughter and trying to rape her. \"The girl worked as domestic help at Pappu's place and had gone to his residence near CTI crossing in Govindnagar locality. The accused lured her over some pretext and took her to a desolate spot on his two-wheeler. There he tried to rape her but the girl raised cries and escaped,\" said a police official at Govindnagar police station. The complaint states that Jaswinder also threatened the victim and her family members against reporting the matter to the police, he added.The accused is a tempo-operator and a small time money lender. During investigation, the girl started crying before the cops and took Jaswinder's name. He confessed to the molestation when questioned by the investigating officer after the detention. \"The victim has been sent to hospital for medical check-up. We are questioning the accused further in this regard,\" said a police official.Eve-teasing: In yet another incident, a girl on her way to a grocery shop in Savitrinagar in Chakeri area on Monday was hemmed in and commented upon by an eve-teaser. The girl raised an alarm and the youth fled from the spot after being chased by locals of the area. The locals thereafter asked her to lodge an FIR with the police.Inspector Chakeri DK Shahi said, \"A case has been registered against the youth and he will be nabbed soon.\"SP, City, Bharat Singh said, \"As a preventive step, we have been identifying such youths in marketplaces and around girls' colleges and institutions. We have identified some eve-teasing-prone zones in various parts of the city and intensified our vigil there. We have deployed a large number of policemen along with Mahila police so that victims don't hesitate in making complaints,\" said Singh. \"We are also keeping a watch on motorcycle borne eve-teasers and cops have been instructed to chase and catch them,\" he added. Woman and girls are requested to not remain silent and inform the police station concerned at once. Eve-teasers and molesters would be severely dealt with, Singh assured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17751163", "title": "Kodai gets more funds for growing fruits &amp; veggies", "text": "MADURAI: Kodaikanal block in Dindigul district has received Rs 37 lakh under the Integrated Horticulture Development Scheme (IHDS), as against Rs 6 lakh during the previous years, to augment vegetables and fruit production in the region. This is the highest allocation that this block has received under the IHDS.According to S Raja Mohamed, deputy director of horticulture, Kodaikanal, understanding the importance of horticultural crops which require minimum water for their cultivation compared to paddy, sugarcane and other food crops and to meet the requirements of farmers in the block, the state government has sanctioned an increased allocation of Rs 37 lakh.He said there was a need to increase the area under the highly remunerative as well as the nutritionally rich horticultural crops, especially fruits and vegetables, and also motivate farmers to grow fruit plants in their gardens. An area of 1,270 hectares under fruits and vegetable crops was to be developed with this fund, during the current fiscal under IHDS. The scheme carries an attractive subsidy.Under IHDS, farmers can get high-yielding as well as hybrid seeds such as carrot, beans and peas at 50 percent subsidy for a maximum of half a hectare per farmer and high-yielding fruit plants like avacado, acidlime, plum grafts, peach grafts, pear grafts and coffee seedlings at 50 percent subsidy to the maximum of one hectare per farmer, he added.Vegetable seeds like beans procured from the National Horticulture Research Development Foundation ( NHRDF), Hubli, Karnataka, and carrot seeds procured from the National seed Corporation, were being distributed to needy farmers in Kodaikanal.Farmers can enroll their names in the National Agriculture Insurance Scheme (NAIS) for banana and potato crops in the block. All farmers including share croppers and tenant farmers growing notified crops in the notified areas are eligible for coverage. Kodaikanal, Pannaikadu and Thandikudi firkas are notified under this NAIS in Kodaikanal block for rabi season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17748594", "title": "Dedicated courts for rape need of hour: Lawyers", "text": "MUMBAI: Rising rape cases across the country should be tried in dedicated courts, legal experts have suggested. In each district, presence of courts where only rape cases are tried can be an effective tool to bring down the crime graph by cutting backlog, and ensuring speedy trials and time-bound justice, experts told TOI.\"There is an outpour of anger over the gangrape of a 23-year-old woman on a moving bus in New Delhi where women, in general, feel less safe. This must make politicians realize that there is a disconnect between them and the policies required to make not just women but also the masses feel safe on streets,\" said senior advocate Nitin Pradhan.Pradhan further said that one way to ensure \"a high degree of deterrence\" is special dedicated courts that would only try rape cases. \"Such courts would enable a judicial infrastructure that is sensitized towards rape victims and trained to handle these trials more effectively.'' He added, \"Politicians are talking about bringing in a death sentence for rape and the Delhi police, in a misconceived sense of glory, is patting itself for having 'cracked' the gangrape case. But why has no politician come forward yet to say police vacancies will be filled rapidly and specialized forces along with the regular police will be sent out patrolling to ensure greater state vigilance?\"Adhik Shirodkar, another senior crime lawyer, said, \"Special courts would be the need of the hour for rape trials now.''Shirodkar added, \"After special judges are appointed, training ought to be imparted to better understand the advancement in forensic evidence, which alone could be enough to nail a rapist. A victim may not be able to identify the rapist due to trauma or given the circumstances of the crime. But if she had put up a fight, the DNA of the accused may be found under her nails, which may have scrapped his skin.\"Identification of the accused is key in any criminal trial but while a victim's description of the accused may not stand the scrutiny of cross-examination by a seasoned defence lawyer, strong forensic evidence can be used as proof, he said. \"Speedy trials through special courts will automatically mean a fast-tracked course of justice with a strong sentence. This will go a long way in proving deterrent to rape,\" said a legal expert.\"But special courts should not mean each trial ends in conviction,'' said advocate Pranav Badheka. They will ensure a fair and fast trial where sound evidence still has to be produced in court and convictions are on merit. He said, \"Let's not forget that false rape cases are filed too. We cannot lose sight of that.\"\"The police also have to be trained in handling rape investigations better,\" added Shirodkar. A special court will enable better coordination, too, between the investigation team and the prosecution, if special public prosecutors are appointed,\" said another lawyer.A public prosecutor does not appear for police, though. He or she is an officer of the court and his or her duty is towards society, as prosecution is by the government on behalf of the people and the aim of every trial is to arrive at the truth, said a lawyer.\"Special dedicated courts which can be appointed with a deadline for completion of trials could rule out bail to the accused too, as often, once an accused is out on bail, trials can drag on. Getting a trial over fast also harmonizes the rights of an accused. Delayed trial usually benefits an accused in a case that appears open-and-shut, too, like the recent gangrape in Delhi, as witnesses may falter in court and the victim's agony is unduly prolonged,\" said advocate Ashish Chavan, who handles criminal cases in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17750064", "title": "Economic slump hits campus recruitment at Cochin varsity", "text": "KOCHI: A weak economy and sluggish job market has affected the job prospects of young engineering and management students of Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat). The number of companies recruiting students from schools of engineering and management at the university has fallen by almost 50%. Also there has been no increase in annual pay packets offered by private companies.So far, only 15 companies have approached the school of engineering for recruiting students this year. In contrast, last year almost 30 companies had approached the institute. Most of the companies are also not interested in mass recruitments this year.\"Except for TCS and Wipro, no other company has shown interest in mass recruitment. This is mainly because the business is slow. The number of mass recruitments for TCS this year is 100 and Wipro 42. These are much lower compared with last year,\" said a university official.\"Due to the slowdown, companies have hired cautiously this year and reduced the number of recruits compared with last year. So far, only three companies have come to our department for campus placement. Last year, by this time we had nearly 10 companies approaching us for campus placement,\" said Dr M Bhasi, placement co-ordinator of management studies,.He said that though some companies have expressed interest in recruiting students, they don't want to commit at the moment. \"We expect the situation to improve by next year,\" added Bhasi.With no major recruitment drives happening, engineering students are being advised to pursue higher education rather than hunt for jobs.\"The market is bad and there is no immediate solution at hand. Therefore, we are advising our students to go for either MTech or MBA, but majority of them are interested in getting a job,\" added Dr George Mathew, faculty in-charge, placement of engineering students at Cusat.Last year, public sector undertakings, IT companies and banks had come for campus placement to Cusat. While the highest salary offered by IT companies stood at Rs 7 lakh per annum, the banking sector offered Rs 4.5 lakh, said sources. But this year, except for Wipro and TCS no other IT company has shown any interest.BOX: Ground reality* Number of companies recruiting students from schools of engineering and management has fallen by almost 50% this year* Compared with 30 companies last year, only 15 companies have approached the school of engineering for recruiting students this year* Compared with 10 companies last year, only three companies have approached the school of management for campus placement* No increase in annual pay packets offered by private companies* Except for TCS and Wipro, no other company has shown interest in mass recruitment* While TCS has recruited 100 students this year and Wipro has taken 42", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17751646", "title": "State Reserve Police jawan fires at colleague", "text": "VADODARA: A State Reserve Police (SRP) jawan fired a shot at another at Anjanwa village in Santrampur taluka of Panchmahal district on Sunday night. A petty quarrel between the two led to the firing.SRP jawans have been posted at the village since the 2002 riots. On Sunday night while taking dinner, two of them - Govinda Rathwa and Dinesh Damor - had a quarrel over the food. The duo was involved in a fisticuff. During the quarrel, Damor picked up his gun and fired a shot towards Rathwa. However, Rathwa was not hit by the bullet. Rathwa filed an offence against Damor at Santrampur police station and Damor was arrested by the police. Damor's .303 gun that was used to fire the shot was seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17750540", "title": "Cop indicted for eve-teasing", "text": "MOHALI: During an internal inquiry, the district police on Monday indicted a constable Ravinder Singh for reportedly teasing a girl, which triggered a fight between her fiancee Deepinder and the cop. The incident took place in the market of 3B2 on October 26. Initially, police had registered an FIR against Deepinder and his two friends on the statement of constable Ravinder for thrashing him.An inquiry was marked when the girl filed a complaint with Punjab police officials alleging Ravinder had teased her and when her fiancee intervened, the constable thrashed him on November 13. The inquiry was being conducted by SP Darshan Singh Maan.SP (city) Swarandeep Singh said conclusion report of inquiry is being studied and action would follow after taking legal opinion. Deepinder, a resident of Phase VII, who was arrested along with two others, has been released on regular bail. A case was registered at Mattur police station. A senior police official said, \"Kaur also filed complaints at Punjab police headquarters, Sector 9 and with Punjab State Human Rights Commission.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752414", "title": "Russia denies supplying Syria with offensive weapons", "text": "MOSCOW, Russia has denied to have supplied Syria with offensive weapons, Xinhua reported.\"As for Syria, as far as we understand, there are no decisions to ban supply of defensive weapons to that country. Russia doesn't supply that country with the offensive weapons,\" said Russian deputy defence minister Anatoly Antonov.He denied media reports suggesting Russia sent \"special task units\" or air defence system operators to Syria.As for the cruises of Russian naval ships, Antonov said they were performing missions in \"various parts of the globe\", but not carrying Russian officers to Syria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17751552", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWorking-class women more prone to abuse, attacks\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PUNE: Working class women are more vulnerable to sexual harassment, said Kiran Moghe, president of the All India Democratic Women's Association, an organisation working for women from the unorganised sector.Moghe told TOI that harassment is common, but is class-biased in the case of working-class women when they face authorities like policemen. \"My organisation has seen officials display a lack of interest while looking into the issues of working-class women. The treatment would be better if someone well-educated approached the police,\" she said.One reason for such behaviour was that there is no accountability if these officials do not act immediately or ignore complaints, Moghe said. \"As per the census reports, close to 40% of the total population of the city lives in slums, where basic amenities, good education and awareness about a person's rights are not known.In such a situation, these women are more vulnerable as they are attacked in their homes, on the roads or at the workplace,\" she added.Women at construction sites and in shops where human labour is necessary face harassment from the contractor, while the domestic help faces similar harassment from male members in the house, she said.\"Sensitisation towards their issues is important. These women are vulnerable to harassment and have the least support from their families and not all incidents are reported to the police. Labour jobs do not fetch much money, and the fear of losing a job prevails over the harassment issue and these women continue without making a complaint,\" Moghe said.Stigma is another factor for reluctance to file a complaint. \"Our society is not ready to accept women who have fallen victim to harassment. To avoid it, many women or their families prefer not to take any legal help,\" Moghe said.The association has conducted awareness programmes for women to speak up for their basic rights. \"We have seen some changes, but a large section still shies away from exercising their rights,\" Moghe said.Stress file* Mental health conditions such as post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety common among victims* Victims rarely discuss problems, nor seek help* Health conditions preventable with medical and psychological support* Docs recommend parents to establish rapport with children and encourage them to talk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17750238", "title": "Authorities chalk out plans to face impending drought", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Faced with warnings of a severe drought, the district administration and corporation have set in motion to tackle the impending water scarcity. The district administration will convene a meeting within ten days to chalk out a detailed action plan to ensure drinking water availability in the district.The meeting is being held to identify the water resources in the district and to restore and revive the unused water sources in the corporation, panchayats and municipalities. The local bodies will be asked to identify severe drought-hit areas in its limit to ensure regular water supply in those areas using alternate means, including pressing in tankers. The responsibility to supply drinking water to needed areas had been vested with the revenue department. But the district administration has taken special care this year considering the deficiency in the monsoon rainfall.Minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer will chair the meeting. District collector K V Mohankumar, head and officials of district panchayat, Kozhikode corporation, 74 panchayats and two municipalities of Koyilandy and Vadakara, officials of the Kerala water authority, irrigation department and Kerala state electricity board will take part in the meeting.\"Steps including reviving public wells, ponds and other sources will be decided at the meeting,\" said ADM K P Ramadevi.Many areas of the corporation are already facing water scarcity. Councillor P V Avaran, who recently staged a protest against irregular water supply in his ward, said that around 35 families residing at Thiruthivallppu are not getting water.Mayor A K Premajam said the civic body has decided to approach the revenue department for implementing a foolproof mechanism to tide over the expected drought situation. \"At present the corporation supplies water from Mananchira to Njeliyanparamba. Hotels and shops in the city are also banking on the reservoir for their needs. \"This year we have decided to take early measures. A decision on future course of actions will be taken on the basis of response from the revenue department,'' said the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749580", "title": "Rum cake goes behind bars at Christmas", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time in living memory, the ghost of the excise department is looming over Christmas festivities. The fear factor over liquor licences has prompted rum cakes and wine cakes to go underground, as it were. Some ingenious bakeries have simply removed labels while others sidestep the technicality and recommend \"rum-plum cake whose fruit has been soaked in rum\".Which is why the search just got tougher this year, although it is not impossible to find alcohol-based confectionery just yet.Stores deny they stock rum cake but as customers show their disappointment, the salespersons hem and haw before saying they \"do accept orders, though\".Barely one or two spoonfuls of rum go into a one-kg cake, or two-three drops of essence. Yet, so strong is the fear of this age-old excise law that none of the bakers TOI spoke to would allow their names to be used in the article. \"Ever since an elderly lady from south Mumbai was arrested for preparing and selling liqueur chocolates from home, most of us have taken these items off the shelf. I made rum cakes each Christmas and this is the first season I am not doing so,\" said the Parsi owner of a suburban bakery.He did not find it profitable to procure a licence that is \"expensive and hardly comes in use during the rest of the year\". As a result, he said,\"It is mostly five-star hotels that own liquor licences that prepare these items,\" he said. However, the patisserie in a south Mumbai hotel declined on the phone, instead recommending its plum cake that was soaked in rum.Shop attendants at a bakery in Andheri did produce a bar of rum cake from behind the counter. The owner, though, was a little disconcerted by questions over liquor licences and excise norms. \"It is not as if we are selling alcohol and getting people drunk. Rum and wine cakes barely make up 5% of our total sales at Christmas, and we do not sell them round the year. The excise authorities should consider relaxing the rules at Christmastime,\" he said.Priscilla D'souza (name changed), a confectioner from Malad, readily offered to take an order post-Christmas for the season's orders were done. She pointed to the neighbouring bakery to say its alcohol-based items were selling like hot cakes. \"I prepare a milder version so it should not pose a problem,\" she defended.A band of boys in Pratiksha Nagar approached the Goan auntie in the neighbourhood to place orders for rum cakes for Christmas a week ago. \"But she refused saying she would get in trouble with the lawAfter all, we are planning to spend the festival with wine and liquor so a slice of cake is hardly likely to get us high,\" said IT professional Sagar Shah. Customers who thronged a popular establishment near Metro Cinema for its choco-truffle rum cake are also a disappointed lot. \"We have stopped making it since we read about the excise department's crackdown on a chocolatier We are not likely to resume production until we get a licence,\" said the outlet's manager.What the law saysCakes, liqueur chocolate and even the common rum-and-raisin bar have become a casualty of the police and excise department's crackdown on illegal consumption of alcohol. The authorities recently began to implement an age-old British-era law that stipulates that bakers who prepare alcohol-based confectionery for commercial consumption must procure a liquor licence to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749665", "title": "Govt draws up plan to revamp cyber security of critical sectors", "text": "NEW DELHI: In its bid to meet the challenge of ever increasing cyber attacks and security in the virtual world, the government has set in motion a five-year project to revamp the entire cyber security apparatus of critical sectors in the country. In the past one year, India has suffered 13,000 cyber incidents.The responsibility for the job has been vested in National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre (NCIIPC), the nodal agency to coordinate cyber security operations for critical infrastructures across the country. NCIIPC has prepared a five-year plan to completely revamp and integrate the cyber security apparatus of all critical infrastructure such as power, transportation, water, telecommunication and defence.The agency, which is soon to be notified, further plans to set up sectoral Computer Emergency Response Teams (CERTs) that will be connected to it. It will install sensors on all critical systems to give real-time information to its command and control centre about any cyber attack to formulate quick response.The government has also defined clear mandates for NCIIPC and CERT-IN, which is also engaged in cyber security of national infrastructure. NCIIPC will only look after absolutely critical sectors that have high threat perception coupled with greater dependence on computer and information technology (CIT), while other sectors will be with CERT-IN. These sectors (with NCIIPC) have been identified as energy (power, coal, oil and natural gas), transportation (railways and civil aviation), banking and finance , telecom, defence, space, law enforcement and security.Functioning under the aegis of National Technical Research Organization (NTRO), NCIIPC last Monday also organized the first national conference of chief information security officers (CISO) of critical sectors of the government.Sources said this is part of the step to first create awareness and ensure setting up of a robust security system in all critical government agencies at their own level. The task has been divided into five phases. Once agencies set up their security infrastructure, it will be connected to NCIIPC.\"There are plans to open a Cyber Security Operation Centre, a 24/7 control room for real-time information and response and a National Institute of Critical Information Infrastructure Protection for training of CISOs. We will also issue daily cyber alerts,\" said NCIIPC director Muktesh Chander in a presentation.Sources said this infrastructure will ensure that NCIIPC gets real-time information as soon as a cyber attack happens on any network, can quickly analyze different attacks and provide immediate response. \"If the same virus attacks different systems, we will not have to analyze them separately and formulate different responses,\" said an official.National security advisor Shivshankar Menon, who addressed the gathering, stressed on participation of the private sector and said, \"The NCIIPC is setting up a joint working group with representatives of industry associations to bring out guidelines for protection of critical information infrastructure in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749511", "title": "Tainted khaki: When protectors turn predators", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least 10 policemen, including a gazetted-rank officer, were arrested on charges of rape in Uttar Pradesh ever since the Samajwadi Party (SP) came to power on March 15, 2012. Although no statistics have been compiled by any state or national agencies, senior IPS officers believe that the state tops the list of rape cases committed by the men in uniform.\"There are many cases where the victims are forced to keep mum on the issue either by the accused cops or the family as well to avoid \"unnecessary enmity\" with the men in khaki. At other times, the fear of the social stigma keeps them silent,\" says retired director general of police KL Gupta.Top state government officials, in fact, admit only a small fraction of rape cases involving the police make it to the FIR stage. In 2010 - 2011, only five cases of rape were lodged against cops; they were, however, arrested only to be let off on bail or after the charges were left unsubstantiated. \"The situation is pretty grim,\" said a top officer posted at the DGP Headquarters here.Nothing explains it better than the manner in which the cops accused of rape are allowed immunity by their superiors than the incident that came to light in Kanpur. Here, deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Amarjit Singh Sahi was accused of rape and torture of a minor girl. The officer was accused of sexually exploiting the minor for over six months before she reported the matter to senior police officers in March 2012. Instead of offering her help, the police arrested the minor's father on charges of incest and sent him to jail. The DySP then also, allegedly, threatened the girl of worse if she tried to raise her voice.Apparently fed up with the daily torture and physical exploitation, the victim refused to give in and appeared before the media. Despite being widely reported in the press, the case was closed after ordering an inquiry into it. It was only after chief minister Akhilesh Yadav intervened and ordered the immediate arrest of the DySP, that the officer was sent to jail. With the officer waiting to be released on bail, the victim and her family are now fearing a backlash from him. \"In such a situation, do you think that the victim's family would be able to fight it out in the court?,\" retired IPS officer, KL Gupta, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17751036", "title": "Zero Mile Foundation takes up cudgels for wildlife", "text": "NAGPUR: Zero Mile Foundation (ZMF), a city-based NGO has decided to launch a campaign to create awareness about wildlife with the help of posters and stickers.\"Wildlife continues to be pushed to the brink owing to large-scale destruction of forests and interference of people with nature. As a result, man-animal conflict is widespread. We need to stop this with the help of awareness among the masses,\" said Deepak Lalwani, working president of the foundation.Talking to reporters on Monday, Lalwani said that as part of the campaign, hundreds of posters and stickers with a message 'Save wildlife enjoy nature' will be distributed in offices and schools.The posters and stickers were launched during the winter session of the assembly by tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal . Praveen Dabli and KK Sharma, both members of the foundation, were present. Bhujbal lauded the foundation's efforts and said it was the moral responsibility of every citizen to save wildlife.In the last decade the foundation has always fought for social cause and launched effective awareness campaigns on conserving water and road safety. It has also helped People for Animals (PFA) to save stray animals.When asked about the foundation venturing into the new field, Lalwani said that he decided to work for wildlife looking into the poor plight of our tigers and rhinos who are being targeted by poachers. \"It is just a small effort from our side. We will learn through experiences,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17752609", "title": "Bombay HC upholds conviction of man for stabbing the girl he loved", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has upheld the conviction of a 35-year-old businessman for stabbing a girl, who had rejected his proposal for marriage, saying that the five-years' rigorous imprisonment imposed on him was not \"too harsh\" as pleaded by him.\"Considering the genesis of the incident and the manner in which the appellant had inflicted multiple incised wounds on the victim, it cannot be said that the sentence imposed on him by the trial Judge is excessively harsh. Therefore, it does not call for any interference,\" said Justice RC Chavan.Vijay Chavan, a resident of suburban Andheri, was found guilty of attempt to murder by the trial court. He ran a mobile telephone shop. The victim was working in his shop. He was attracted to her and proposed to her but she refused.According to prosecution, it was an one-sided love. After some time, the victim left the job and took up another one at the airport. She was mostly on night duty. On March 25, 2009, when she was returning from work, the accused confronted her at her building's staircase. As she refused to talk to him, he got enraged and stabbed the victim with a sharp weapon.The victim suffered multiple injuries and was shifted to a hospital nearby while the appellant ran away. During the trial, he pleaded not guilty and the prosecution examined six witnesses. He was convicted for offence of attempt to murder.The appellant took the defence that they had an affair with the girl and both were in love. He further pleaded that on the day of the incident when she was talking to him, some unknown persons snatched her purse and while she was trying to save herself she got injured on neck and abdomen.However, the High Court disbelieved his version saying in that case he should have been the first person to take the victim to the hospital and also try to catch the persons who had snatched her purse or go to police to report about it.\"Though the counsel for the appellant sought to suggest that the appellant was not involved in the attack, there would be obviously no reason for the victim to state about the complicity of the appellant if, according to the appellant, the victim was in love with him and if the appellant was only having an innocent chat with the victim,\" observed the Judge while dismissing his appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17749978", "title": "Chinese graduates getting interested in politics: Survey", "text": "BEIJING: More than half of university graduates in China are \"interested in political affairs\" and consider themselves capable of participating in it, according to a nationwide survey by the government-owned think tank Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.The survey's results contain surprises for many who feel Chinese youngsters are less interested in politics because of the heavy censorship and the one-party government that allows few dissenting voices. The CASS survey also reported that about two-thirds of university students and university graduates feel they \"had the ability to participate in public decision making\". A similar number felt they were \"qualified to evaluate government actions\".Researchers said 64% of university students and 70% of university graduates are \"strongly favouring\" private property over state-ownership of property. But only 50% of them said that the Communist idea of \"sacrificing personal interests for state interests was outdated\".The survey also painted a grim picture of the employment situation among graduates. Only 24% of 6.8 million Chinese students who graduated this year have found jobs. A nationwide survey has also revealed that 30% of existing students were confident of finding jobs soon after completing their education.CASS said only 1.6% of employed graduates have job satisfaction. Job hopping is the norm, and two-thirds of 2011 graduates said they have worked in more than one place since leaving college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17750083", "title": "CPI activists demand safety for women in country", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Taking on the Union and state governments for poor governance and inability to maintain law and order, particularly the failure to ensure security and safety of women, CPI activists staged a protest at the district collectorate here on Monday. The protesters demanded immediate action against the culprits of the savage rape of a 23-year-old paramedical student in Delhi on December 16. M Pydi Raju, secretary, CPI Visakhapatnam city, observed that such an incident in the county's capital was a shame. \"The incident only goes to prove that the ruling party is utterly incapable of maintaining law and order in its own backyard, while on the other it actually talks about good governance,\" he said.Demanding an assurance from the government to the women of the country that their security would be given top priority, A Vimala of the AP Mahila Samithi said that if the government does not take stringent action now, it would mean they do not care for the women of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17751626", "title": "Rajnikanth, Hazare... Japanese students to learn all", "text": "VADODARA: \"India is about Gandhi, turban, Indian curry, and yes, Rajnikant, the 'Robot'.\"Japanese teenager So Nakamura was not cracking yet another Rajnikant joke when he made the statement, he actually meant it.Nakamura arrived here on Monday morning along with four other students as part of a cultural exchange group following a tie-up between his school and Vadodara's Gujarat Public School (GPS) three years ago. Two teachers are also accompanying them on this three-day trip and acting as translators for the students.But 17-year-old Marika Matsumoto did not need any translator and surprised everyone in the host school by talking about Anna Hazare , the crusader against corruption. She knew English well after having studied in Singapore earlier. \"I got interested in India during my research project on Gandhi and Anna Hazare. They have their own great ideals which motivate the masses.\"She also finds saree very intriguing and expressed a desire to learn to drape it. \"On Tuesday, we have arranged workshops on saree draping, music and Indian gymnasium, Malkhamb, for them. This trip includes homestays with Indian students to learn Indian culture and traditions,\" said Abhilasha Agrawal, director of GPS.Risa Fukuuchi, a gymnast, was quite excited to see Malkhamb. \"Your country has so much diversity, and is so religious. There are so many statues and photos of Gods everywhere.\"Nozomu Torii, a 10th grader, who loves Indian curry and rice, harbours a secret desire to act in a Bollywood movie. \"India is a mysterious country for me and I am interested to learn Hindi language. I want to study international relations and to strengthen friendship between the two countries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17749124", "title": "Armed thieves target ship at Alang", "text": "RAJKOT: In yet another incident of theft at Asia's largest ship-breaking yard at Alang in Bhavnagar district, 10 thieves targeted a ship at plot number 84 and decamped with material worth Rs 1.7 lakh on Sunday.A case in the matter was registered following a complaint from Vijay Sharma, the watchman at the plot. Police said the accused have been identified as Dhiru, Jagdish, Raghav, Gobar, Mukesh, Meru, Shiva, Tulshi, Pravin and Mukesh Rana. All of them are residents of adjoining villages.Sharma told the police that the accused had come to the plot armed with swords and other weapons and entered the ship forcibly.Two months ago, ship-breakers had submitted a memorandum to the authorities raising security concerns at Alang. They had pointed that people from adjoining villages have been entering the plots and stealing from parked vessels. They have even been assaulting the security guards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17751325", "title": "Cong organizes torch rallies to protest rape cases", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh Congress on Monday evening organised torch rallies in all district headquarters to protest against the rising number of rape cases in the state.In Bhopal , the rally marched from Jawahar Bhavan in Roshanpura Square to the New Market area. Speaking to TOI, state Congress media cell chief Manak Agarwal said, Under the leadership of the state party president Kantilal Bhuria, torch rallies have been taken out to protest the ever increasing incidents of rape and crime against women in Madhya Pradesh. The state has reported more than 27,000 rapes over the past 9 years of BJP rule and tops the national statistics for maximum number of rapes.''According to the Congress, there is an average of 9 rapes reported per day in the state. Over the past fortnight, innumerable rapes have been reported to the police. Rape victims are without protection while the accused are roaming freely,'' Manak Agarwal said.Bhuria came down heavily on chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan for announcing a Rs one lakh reward for protectors of women from atrocities and violence. The state government does not seem to be either serious or concerned about the shameful incidents of cruelties against women,'' Kantilal Bhuria said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17750836", "title": "First family tiff on Xmas day starts at 10.13am", "text": "LONDON: The average British family will have at least five arguments on Christmas Day - with the first row taking place at 10.13 am, according to a new survey. The research surveyed 2,000 British households to see how Christmas Day will be celebrated.The study found that after the early confrontation, the next family row will take place at 12.42 pm when 38% of children will moan about receiving the wrong presents.Nearly half of Britons - 45% - admitted that parents will fall out in between 1pm and 3pm - because the father has had too much to drink and the mother is stressed about food preparation, The Telegraph reported.The study carried out by hotel chain Travelodge also showed that the traditional Christmas dinner will be served at 2.23pm, an hour before the next family feud.One in ten people revealed that the lunch-time squabble will be about family gossip, 'who is the better person' and old family arguments. A day consisting of food and drink will result in an evening of bickering at 6.05 pm - when 15% of families will fight for the remote control. This will be followed by an outburst at 7.25pm by 7% of senior family members trying to play charades. At 10.15 pm, after the liqueurs have been drunk and the last mince pie has been eaten, tempers will flare up just before bedtime.\"On Christmas, family flare-ups are inevitable. This is because people who rarely see each other are suddenly thrown together for the whole day,\" Corinne Sweet, relationship psychologist, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17750493", "title": "Widespread protests held across Hubli against Delhi gang rape", "text": "Hubli: Opposing the horrendous gang rape of a young girl in Delhi last week, students from various colleges and members of women associations staged protest rallies across the city on Monday. Hundreds of students and women took out a rally from Indira Glass House to tahshildar office through the main roads like Channamma Circle urging the authorities to hang the culprits involved in the gang rape. They vented their anger by shouting slogans condemning the incident and demanded immediate action against the culprits. Students from Mahila Vidya Peetha, Kasturba Balikashram, Women's PU College and other colleges, and women from Pragati Mahila Mandal, Suvarna Ladies Club, Nagamma Tayi Mahila Mandal, KamakshiMahila Mandal, Hasya Pariwar and other women's organizations and the public supported the rally and condemned the Delhi incident. The protesters submitted a memorandum to Hubli tahshildar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17751332", "title": "Own goal ousts title-contender", "text": "BHOPAL: Own goal brought misery to Punjab and Sindh Bank, the strongest title contender of the Obaidullah Gold Cup hockey tournament, at Aishbagh Stadium on Monday. Playing in the semi-final match, PSB would never forget the 'sad memories' of conceding own goal in the 53rd minute against IOC. In the other semis clash Air India trampled ONGC 7-0 on their way to finals; to be played on Wednesday.Studded with the Indian hockey team stars, including Gurmel Singh and Sarvanjeet Singh, PSB was in the title race since the first match. After winning all their league matches, PSB was expected to win against IOC in the semis.Punjab players, however, soon after entering the stadium realised that the contest would not be that easy for them. The 12th minute of the game brought surprise to them after IOC's Gurjinder Singh sounded the board. With 0-1 in the match, PSB intensified their attacks. After 13 minutes, Sarvanjeet Singh brought them back in the match with his goal.Playing 1-1 in the match, PSB was again sent on the back-foot when India cap IOC's Prabhjot Singh scored the goal. His goal came in the 31st minute of the first half that ended with the score 2-1 in the favour of IOC.PSB equalized in the 51st minute. But, the real-teaser for PSB came in the 53rd minute when they conceded an own goal making it 3-2 in the favour of IOC. IOC thus enter the final ousting the strongest title-contender from the tournament.In other semi-final, Air India had a stroll in the park against ONGC. With Vikram Pillay's four goals, Air India made the going tough for the opponents in every department of the game. Two penalty strokes added woes to ONGC's misery. Former India cap Arjun Halappa converted both strokes into goals. Sameer Dad also contributed with one goal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749320", "title": "Road rage: Cops clueless on attackers", "text": "PUNE: The Bhosari police are struggling to trace the suspects involved in an incident of road rage and robbery on the Bhosari-Alandi road on Saturday night. The police could not able to trace the six-seater rickshaw in which the suspects had fled after the incident.Ravindra Magdum (24), an engineer with a private company, and the company's driver Balu Sitaram Gawari (25) were brutally stabbed by a six-seater rickshaw driver and his two accomplices on Saturday night. Later, two unidentified men posing as Good Samaritans , dumped Magdum outside the Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital and fled with his cellphones and cash.Magdum and Gawari are being treated at the Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital in Chinchwad. Their condition is critical, but stable.Inspector Chandrakant Bhosale said that since Sunday, police have checked around 400 rickshaws in Bhosari and Alandi. \"We could not get the registration number of the rickshaw involved. The complainants had told us that the persons who assaulted them were under the influence of alcohol. We have checked almost all the bars on the stretch between Bhosari and Alandi to get informationabout the suspect. We have questioned some 40 people so far, but there is no clue of the attackers yet,\" he said.Meanwhile, the crime branch have started parallel investigations. Inspector Sunil Pawar of the crime branch (unit-III) said, \"We suspect the persons involved in the attack had no criminal past.\"A doctor attending to the injured said they would be able to figure out the exact progress of their further recovery only after three to four days of observation. tnnGavare sustained penetrating injury in the abdomen over the umbilical region with multiple rupture of small and large intestine. He also had around 1.2 liters of blood loss along with multiple blunt injuries over the chest.The surgery conducted on Gavare lasted for eight hours. Multiple resection anastomosis - surgical construction between parts of intestine / rectum by removing part of damage tissue - and closure of perforation and suturing of deep wounds was carried out on Sunday.Magdum had penetrating wound with rupture of gall bladder with liver laceration. He also had serious intra abdominal injuries and also injuries over the right arm. A surgery - exploratory laparotomy - which is the standard of care in various blunt and penetrating trauma situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17749657", "title": "21st century India has a Victorian mindset", "text": "In Thomas Hardy's 1891 novel 'Tess of the D'Urbervilles', Tess, a naive, impoverished young woman is sent to work in a mansion where she is raped by the owner's son Alec. Alec considers Tess his plaything, because of his higher socioeconomic status as well as the Victorian more that deemed a woman to be a man's possession. He is confident of having his way with her and getting away with it, because he feels his gender and socioeconomic status render him untouchable. It is unfortunate that 21st century India remains stubbornly mired in such a Victorian mindset with regard to sex and gender which, needless to say, profoundly affects the way we approach rape.Because of the deplorable gang rape of a paramedic student in a Delhi bus, everyone now knows that Delhi is India's rape capital. The situation, however, is not that much better in the rest of the nation. According to the National Crime Records Bureau, the maximum rape cases in 2011 (3,406) were reported in Madhya Pradesh. West Bengal came second with 2,363.Uttar Pradesh (2,042) and Rajasthan (1,800) had the dubious distinction of finishing third and fourth. Maharashtra followed with 1,701 reported cases, and Assam with 1,700. Therefore, it is apparent that rape is alive and well all over India.Since the Delhi rape was reported, a lot has been said in various media about tackling the problem. More policing, including more female policing, has been recommended to protect women from being raped. Tougher punishment for rape has been forwarded as a deterrent for future rapists. But once the dust settles, chances are, it will be business as usual. The key change has to happen in attitudes and the Victorian mindset we possess has shown remarkable resilience and continues to flourish. As far as the efficacy of female policing is concerned, well, recently policewomen were found to be just as unsympathetic to the women being assaulted in Gurgaon bars as their male counterparts. The persistence of such outdated tradition shows the extent to which education has failed as a vehicle to modernize the Indian mind. Unlike the Chinese, who chose to modernize at gunpoint, we put our faith in education.All current Indian education manages is teach someone the three Rs and, for the most part, does not even do a good job of that. As a result, for most Indians gender equality is somewhat like secularism. Something to spout rather than practice.South African writer Andre Brink's virtuosic novel 'A Chain of Voices' begins like this: 'To know is not enough. One must try to understand as well.' It is advice that we as a society would do well to take to heart. If the revulsion caused by this deplorable incident is to bring about a lasting change, then it is essential to understand the dimension of the problem.It is only through understanding that we can move to amend the situation. Knowing without understanding is akin to the statutory warning on a cigarette packet that tells everyone that smoking is injurious to health. Its knowledge does not stop anyone from smoking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749565", "title": "Man booked for selling fake tickets", "text": "LUCKNOW: The news doing the rounds that Pakistani rock band will perform in the city turned out to be a hoax. The Mahanagar police on Monday registered a case against a person who allegedly had been selling tickets to the fans of Lahore-based pop group, Jal band. The accused, Aamir Siddiqui, had sought permission from the police to organise the show at the ground of Reserve Police Lines. But the police had refused permission. The cops, however, learnt that Aamir's company had been selling tickets priced between Rs 200 and 1,500 to gullible youths for the rock show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17750541", "title": "Kalka Shatabdi delayed by 4.30 hrs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Shatabdi passengers coming from Delhi had a harrowing time as the train pulled in at the Chandigarh railway station four-and-a-half hours late due to fog on Monday. The train was supposed to reach the Chandigarh railway station at 11.05am but it only arrived here at 3.35pm. The Shatabdi takes about three-and-a-half hours to cover the distance between Delhi and Chandigarh, so the delay was even more then the actual travel time.The Shatabdi departs from Delhi in the morning at 7.40am but it left from there only at 11.30am. The train was so delayed that the time when the passengers should have been at the Chandigarh railway station, they were still stranded at the Delhi station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749563", "title": "Trains run late on Lucknow-Delhi route", "text": "LUCKNOW: The movement of trains remained affected due to fog on Monday. Though fog was not dense, late run of trains, hit by fog for past few days, continued. Train number 12003 Lucknow-New Delhi Swarn Shatabdi departed about three hours late at 6:25 pm from Charbagh station. All trains coming from Delhi, including Shatabdi Express, continued to arrive late. The other trains delayed by fog included 12419/12420 Lucknow-New Delhi Gomti Express. Both the Up and Down Gomti trains were late by eight hours on Monday. tnnTrain number 12231 Lucknow-Chandigarh Express was re-scheduled by more than two hours from its scheduled departure at 22:30pm.The Old Delhi-Malda Town Farakka Express was late by more than 14 hours, 14218 Chandigarh-Allahabad Junction Unchahar Express was late by more than eight hours, 12180 Agra Cantt.-Lucknow Junction Intercity was late by more than six hours, 12225 Azamgarh-Old Delhi was late by more than three hours, 14257/14258 Varanasi-New Delhi Kashi Vishwanath Express was late by more than four hours in both the directions.The other delayed trains included 12553 Barauni-New Delhi Vaishali Express, 12417 Allahabad-New Delhi Prayagraj Express, 12381 Howrah-New Delhi Poorva Express, 12108 Lucknow-Mumbai LTT Superfast, 12180 Agra Cantt-Lucknow Junction Intercity Express, 14266 Dehradun-Varanasi Junction Janata Express, 14723 Kanpur Central-Bhiwani Kalindi Express, 14863 Varanasi Junction-Jodhpur Marudhar Express, 15028 Gorakhpur-Hatia Maurya Express, 15610 Lalgarh-Guwahati Avadh Assam Express, 15707 Katihar-Amritsar Express, 11016 Gorakhpur-Mumbai LTT Kushinagar Express, 11055 Mumbai LLT-Gorakhpur Junction Godan Express, 11072 Varanasi-Mumbai LTT Kamayani Express, 12559 Varanasi-New Delhi Shivganga Express and 12035 Kanpur-New Delhi Shatabdi.Some trains cancelled due to fog included 12226 Old Delhi-Azamgarh Express, 13413 Malda Town-Old Delhi Express and 15203 Barauni-Lucknow Mail (cancelled between Chhapra-Lucknow).Meanwhile, for the convenience of passengers, Lucknow division of North Eastern Railway will provide an additional AC-2 tier coach in 18191/18192 Chhapra Junction-Kanpur Anwarganj Utsarg Express between December 28 and March 1 on experimental basis. An extra coach will be attached from Chhapra Junction from December 28 and from Kanpur Anwarganj from December 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749590", "title": "Experts slam move to shunt out examiners", "text": "MUMBAI: The state board's decision to do away with external examiners for Class XII practical exams from this year has surely brought cheer to students.However, educationists and experts have slammed the decision. While some are worried that the new rule will dilute the exam's seriousness, many are worried that this might give students a chance at resorting to various forms of malpractices during board examinations.\"While we agree with the state board that in-house examiners will also be expected to do their work with all seriousness, this change might alter the way students prepare for practical exams. They will expect the college to give them marks just to promote them,\" said the principal of a south Mumbai college.Some principals also pointed out that since practical exams account for 20 marks of the total marks for a subject, students will now definitely take the exams \"lightly\". However, state board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav told TOI that the rule came in force for Class X board exams two years ago and has been implemented well by schools. \"None of the other boards have external examiners for practical exams so we have also done away with the concept,\" said Jadhav.\"The rule says that two examiners should be present at the time of a practical exam. Schools still have the option of asking for extra examiners from nearby schools, in case they are short-staffed,\" he added.According to Jadhav, the change will not dilute the importance of practical exams. \"Students anyway prepare for practical exams well so as to score full marks. By doing away with an external examiner, it will only bring down the stress for children,\" he added. Meanwhile, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNVS) has written to the state board demanding that the practical examinations be videographed since there are no external examiners. \"This is not very practical to implement. But as of now we have not received any such request from anybody. We will decide on this issue once we get the letter,\" said Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17750572", "title": "Link 2013 will get under way on Jan 5", "text": "Mangalore: The MSME Development Institute, Government of India in association with the District Industries Centre, and District Small Industries Association will organize a two-day national vendor development programme - Link 2013 - from January 5, 2013 at Karnataka Polytechnic here. The technical sessions planned during the event will throw light on vendor registration procedures, quality standards and specifications and procurement procedures. The objective of the programme is to provide an opportunity to micro, small and medium enterprises to showcase their capabilities to public sector undertakings, defence establishments, railways, financial institutions and other private large scale enterprises who outsource many products and services to MSME sector. The exhibition will house 100 stalls of large enterprises such as HAL, HVF, ICF, Railways, NMPT, MRPL, and OMPL. This is a rare opportunity to enterprises and individuals who are looking for new avenues for market and business development. A few stalls and seats are available for exhibition and seminar. Those interested in participating in the exhibition and seminar may contact Kalai Socrates, deputy director, MSME Development Institute on 0824-2217696, 2217936, 9964631323 for registration that will be done on a first come first served basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17751034", "title": "RTO touts menace figures in Council", "text": "NAGPUR: The arrest of a driving school owner Mahendra Wasnik from city's regional transport office in Giripeth has failed to deter touts operating from the RTO premises. The issue figured in the Legislative Council when MLC Mitesh Bangdiya demanded to know from the chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who holds transport portfolio, what measures the government was taking to curb the touts' menace.On August 28 this year, Wasnik was caught accepting Rs200 bribe from one Dinesh Gawande (28) of Somwari Bazaar, Sitabuldi, who had applied for getting conductor's badge number. After a few days, Wasnik managed got bail and can now be seen freely moving in the RTO premises. Even city RTO S Shelke didn't scrap Wasnik's Saburi Driving School licence that raises eyebrows, Bangdiya said. The MLC asked the CM whether the government had launched any measure to bring transparency in the RTOs across the state and if not whether the government proposed to do the same.In his written reply, Chavan said the government had issued a notification on February 8, 2007. Similarly on March 3, 2011, the transport commissioner office had issued another circular directing all RTOs and employees to entertain only applicants. \"To stop touts, RTA offices across the state also started delivering licences by post,\" replied the CM.But the situation has failed to improve. If one visits the city RTO at Giripeth one can see unauthorized agents thriving on the premises. \"The authorities have failed to act. Citizens, who are the ultimate sufferers, rue that no work can be done without these agents who virtually run a parallel RTO,\" Bangdiya told TOI.Pointing at the brazen attitude of the touts, the MLC said, \"earlier, the touts used to operate clandestinely but now they do it openly. Even RTO cannot keep a check on touts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17750264", "title": "Live-in relationship not a licence to rape", "text": "BANGALORE: BPO employee Priya, 25, lived with Ajay, a team leader in a software company and a few years older than her, for two years. They did not tie the knot but Priya hid this fact from her parents. She spent most of her time with Ajay and told her parents she was on tour.She did all the menial jobs of the house -- washed Ajay's clothes, mopped the house and cooked for him during her spare time. But one day, Priya's world turned upside down when Ajay suddenly disappeared. His mobile remained switched off, and he was untraceable. Priya approached the police, who treated the case as rape. The emails the couple exchanged provided solid material to police, but Ajay, who is now facing a case of rape, is still missing.Live-in relationships may be viewed as temporary and immoral, but funnily enough, our legal system and policing methods give women in live-in relationships, and not marriage, better rights. \"In live-in relationships, forced sex and sex without consent amounts to rape,\" said advocate Geetha Menon. Explaining why the same doesn't happen in marriages, Menon explained, \"There is no provision in the law recognizing marital rape. Laws of rape apply in a marriage only if the couple is legally separated. Even if a wife goes to police accusing her husband of rape, she cannot file a case as there is no section in the Indian Penal Code for marital rape.\"Police, however, view failed live-in relationships as cases of cheating as well as rape. Cheating, because they consider a live-in relationship as a potential marriage. \"In case of failed live-in relationships, we straightaway file a case of cheating under section 420 of IPC. We invoke section 376 of IPC for rape if the man deserts the woman in a live-in relationship,\" said TG Krishna Bhat, DCP (East).Counsellors said changing social and economic conditions prevailing in urban agglomerations result in youngsters \"trying out\" relationships, with matrimony in mind for the future. But trouble in live-in relationships is as quick to appear as the liaisons are forged. Officials of the city police's family counselling centre say they receive at least 15 complaints every month about live-in relationships going sour.However, live-in relationships offer women protection on many counts. Counsellors say the protection to women in live-in relationships is no less than that offered in marriages. \"Physical assault in live-in relationships comes under the Domestic Violence Act. Provisions of IPC on dowry harassment and Dowry Prohibition Act can also be invoked, as the case may be,\" said Rani Shetty, coordinator of the family counselling centre with the city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17749236", "title": "Red jan adalats meant to terrorize villagers: Cop", "text": "RANCHI: Members of the CPI(Maoists) convened at least three Jan adalats in the past two months in Gumla, Lohardaga and Palamu districts. Surprisingly, police records state that there has been no public court in 2012.A senior police officer said the rebels only terrorize villagers in the garb of public courts and this is the reason why many such meets go unreported. \"It is just a way of terrorizing people. They kill whom they want to without taking public opinion. Yet they call it Jan adalat and give the impression that it is for the villagers' good,\" said the officer.Five people lost their lives and many youth were assaulted as punishment meted out by Jan adalats in the last couple of months.MS Bhatia, IG (Ranchi zone) said Maoists kill people and call it Jan adalat to mislead all. \"Jan adalat is not organized without a notice. The preparation begins in advance and people from different villages are called. These Jan adalats are organized for the sake of it to execute people from rival groups. To mislead police investigation they call it a Jan adalat,\" said Bhatia.\"In the last one year, we have never got information about a successful Jan adalat, at least in the Ranchi zone,\" he added.Two tribal persons of Banalata village under Vishunpur police station were killed recently. Laxman Lohra and Raj Kherwar were returning from market on November 30 when they were stopped by suspected Maoists and held the duo in charges of drinking and stealing goats. They were taken to the village and a Jan adalat was convened.The rebels then chopped off their hands and left them to bleed to death. \"No one was there to speak against the Maoists. The rebels also did not consult the villagers before killing them,\" said a police officer who did not give his name.On December 13, members of the banned Tritiya Sammelan Prastuti Committee (TSPC) held a Jan adalat in Lohardaga and punished five youths in charges of robbery. They were mercilessly beaten.A fortnight before this incident, Maoists killed three persons in Palamu district on November 28. Here also they claimed that the decision was decision of Jan Adalat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749334", "title": "No north Indian river fit for bathing: Environmental activists", "text": "NEW DELHI: The famed rivers of India's Gangetic plains are turning into \"sewage\", threatening the life and health of millions of people dependent on them, warned a team of 11 environmental activists who cycled through the region covering around 1,800km in 27 days.In the capital earlier this week on way to their final stop, Dehra Dun, team members they crossed 24 rivers while cycling through north Bengal, Bihar and Uttar Pradesh.\"Not one river was fit to bathe in. The water at many places resembled sewage water. Among the most polluted rivers we came across was the Yamuna in western UP, Varuna and Gandak,\" said team leader Anil P Joshi, a Padma Shri-awardee who heads a Dehra Dun-based environmental NGO, HESCO.\"The growing pollution of rivers is a stark sign of wider ecological imbalance in the region,\" he added.The yatra aims to raise awareness about the need for keeping an account of India's natural resources. The group is demanding that the government introduce an annual green measure called the 'gross environmental product'. \"Like the GDP for the economy , the GEP would monitor the health of India's natural assets, showing whether these were being overexploited or not,\" said Joshi.It wasn't just the rivers that the activists were worried about. They said none of the states they travelled through had achieved even half of India's target of 33% area under forests. Bengal had 14.64%, Bihar 7.23%, UP 3.61% and Delhi 11.94%.\"Forests are vanishing in these states. And even the ones that survive are grade C forests, consisting of bushes rather than broad-leaved trees,\" Joshi said.The team travelled through 31 districts, held 300 meetings and reached out to around 10,000 people. They interacted with 1,200 village youth through the yatra and found the 80% of them had not seen a forest.The cyclists also made extensive notes on falling water table, polluted underground water and degradation of agricultural lands in various districts.\"We will compile a report of our observations, which will be sent to the Prime Minister's Office and to all chief ministers,\" Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749140", "title": "Speedy trial a must in rape cases: Justice Sathasivam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Justice P Sathasivam, who will take the baton from Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir next year as head of the country's judiciary, on Monday said speedy trial was a must not only in the Delhi rape case that has sparked spontaneous public protests but also for all such incidents across the country.\"Fast track courts and day-to-day trial is a must in all rape cases, in which the police too is required to complete investigation expeditiously and scientifically to present cogent evidence before the trial court,\" Justice Sathasivam said. The Delhi High Court has already ordered day-to-day trial in the Delhi incident and approved setting up of fast-track courts for this purpose.At a time when the public and youth are out on the streets of Delhi, Justice Sathasivam assured them that the judiciary would take adequate measures to ensure speedy trial in cases relating to sexual assault of women.\"The judiciary is aware of the situation and is in the process of taking adequate measures in this regard. I will request the public not to resort to violent methods of protest,\" he said and promised that he would soon take up at the first available opportunity the issue at the meeting of the judges in the Supreme Court.Justice Sathasivam, who is number two in seniority among Supreme Court judges, expressed the judiciary's concern over the manner in which investigation was carried out in rape cases and the delay in dispensing justice.\"Filing of chargesheet in rape cases and crimes against women must be prompt and trial must take place on a day-to-day basis. Adjournments in the trial proceedings must not be granted as a rule, except in exceptional circumstances,\" he said.On the tendency of rape accused to move appellate courts against interim orders of trial courts, the Supreme Court judge said high courts and the Supreme Court must decide the appeals on a priority basis so as not to delay the trial proceedings.Justice Sathasivam, while writing judgment for a bench in a 2010 rape case, had said that trial courts must attach significance to a rape victim's statement against the accused.In the case Santosh Moolya v State of Karnataka, Justices Sathasivam and R M Lodha had in April 2010 ruled, \"While appreciating the evidence of the prosecutrix (victim), the courts must always keep in mind that no self-respecting woman would put her honour at stake by falsely alleging commission of rape on her and, therefore, ordinarily a look for corroboration of her testimony is unnecessary and uncalled for.\"In an October 2011 judgment in a rape case (Mohd Imran Khan vs Government of NCT of Delhi), Justices Sathasivam and B S Chauhan had said, \"The rapist degrades the very soul of the helpless female and, therefore, the testimony of the prosecutrix must be appreciated in the background of the entire case and in such cases, non-examination even of other witnesses may not be a serious infirmity in the prosecution case, particularly where the witnesses had not seen the commission of the offence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17750389", "title": "DCT: Congress workers to adopt Rahul\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s guidelines", "text": "Hubli: As the UPA government is gearing up to launch the first phase of direct cash transfer (DCT) scheme, Congress workers in Dharwad are extending a helping hand to the district administration for its successful implementation, thanks to AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi's initiative. Despite the UPA government striving to expedite the DCT procedure, the scheme has suffered a setback in Dharwad district with Aadhar cards posing hurdles in the process of beneficiaries opening bank accounts. The district administration is struggling since people in the BPL segment do not possess UID cards which is mandatory for opening of no-frills (zero balance) accounts. Youth Congress workers are now taking out padayatras and holding other programmes to ensure the poor avail UID cards at the earliest. \"The district authorities here are not making effective efforts to provide Aadhar cards. So we will back the authorities in the smooth implementation of the project, as suggested by Rahul Gandhi,\" said Mohan Asundi, president, youth Congress, Dharwad district. Recently, Rahul Gandhi had conducted a training session for the presidents of the district Congress committees. Around 120 office bearers were also addressed by Union ministers including P Chidambaram and Gulam Nabi Azad. In the session, Rahul asked them to make serious efforts to include as many people as possible in the list of beneficiaries. The DCC presidents of 51 districts were briefed about the scheme as how it will directly benefit people by eliminating middlemen and shortening the process of cash subsidies. Former MLA C S Shivalli said: \"I attended the meeting in Delhi recently, and we have been told to popularize the scheme in the district by organizing jathas and awareness campaigns. Booth-level and block-level leaders of Congress have been communicated in this regard.\" Under the scheme, subsidies, pensions, scholarships and other benefits of government welfare programmes will be transferred directly to the bank accounts of the beneficiaries linked to their unique identity numbers, cutting out layers of bureaucracy and reducing the scope for corruption. From Karnataka, a team of youth Congress district-level presidents led by state youth Congress president Arshad Rizwan, and district office-bearers of Tumkur and Mysore units participated in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750314", "title": "Talabchanchalam residents dogged by civic problems", "text": "HYDERABAD: Development has eluded Talabchanchalam area of the Old City with authorities neglecting work sanctioned for the division, with some failing to take off while others being abandoned midway.Residents of the locality had on several occasions written to zonal commissioner (south) N Ravi Kiran requesting him to get the 28 pending works amounting to nearly Rs 1 crore completed. These include road restoration, laying of new roads and cement concrete slabs over storm water drains.Growing tired of the frequent collapse of civic amenities, residents have been continuously lodging their queries with the authorities. \"There are at least five locations where the manholes are not covered. We have drains overflowing throughout the day,\" Zakir Ahmed, a resident of Talabkatta said.Residents from Nasheman Nagar said the area has become dangerous for two-wheeler riders because of overflowing drains and open manholes. \"At least one minor accident happens here everyday because of water-logged roads. Potable water is polluted and the area has little facilities for disposal of garbage,\" another resident said.Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation officials admitted the area did not have adequate facilities for garbage disposal. They said that though several representations were made to the authorities , nothing has been done so far. \"There are four dumper bins in the area. We had submitted a letter to the zonal commissioner asking him for double lifting of garbage but this too was ignored,\" Syed Khaleel, a resident of Talabchanchalam said.Apart from pointing out civic infrastructure issues, both residents and public representatives said that construction of four community halls at an estimated Rs 12 lakh in Aman Nagar A, Aman Nagar B and Siddiq Nagar remains incomplete.According to corporator Wajahat Ali Khan, one such community hall has turned into a refuge for miscreants. \"People are indulging in gambling and even consuming alcohol there. Despite writing to the authorities, even small work such as silt removal from storm water drains is being ignored. The GHMC is yet to sanction funds under the corporator's budget of Rs 1 crore. It is as if the GHMC is not interested in the Old City this year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17750498", "title": "Pressed for time, families fast-track festivities", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Families have witnessed many changes in the way Christmas is celebrated in the city. Over the years, many changes have come up in the way city-based Christians celebrate the festival, do up their homes or offer prayers. Decorating cribs, carol singing at people's homes, preparation of traditional sweets are lost now and people are now more interested in parties and the goodies that they would get.Not many people are preparing traditional sweets like rich plum cakes, kulkuls, besides marzipan at home now. We got talking to different generations of three families from the community regarding how they celebrate Christmas.Carol and Markus Nunes, an elderly couple from Goa have been celebrating the festival for many years in the city. The scarcity of time these days has taken some sheen off the celebrations. Markus says, \"We used to have huge family gatherings in our times. We dined together, sang carols and distributed gifts and cakes but now technology and the internet has changed everything. You just order from here and the other receives.\"Markus's son Randhir is more into charity. \"When I started celebrating Christmas on my own, I started with doing charity but I was always conscious about decorations and the crib. Now, we don't get time to do even that.\"Randhir's son Russell who is just 5 is fascinated by Santa and is excited about the gifts he'll get. He loves to play Christmas games but he always helps his grandfather in decorating the Christmas tree. P J George, a resident of Sector 12, who belongs to Kerala says, \"In my youth, we used to have huge celebrations in our community. We used to start preparations for Christmas a week ago. Cakes and cookies were baked at home but now people find it easier to buy all they need from the market.\"Carol singing has also seen changes. The carol groups that visited Christian homes in the city now largely head to the colonies. \"I really miss those days when these groups visited each and every home,\" says Shoby George, son of P J George. The decorations that started a week ahead of the festival when his father was young are now delayed due to his and his wife, Leema's busy schedules. Their children, Sheryl and Alisha love to take part in the celebrations.\"I like listening to my grandparent's experiences,\" said Sheryl, a member of the third generation of the George family. Edwin Massih, who is basically from Gurdaspur, while talking about how they celebrated Xmas in the earlier days says, \"We decorated our house but it was all very simple then as we lived in a village. We used to travel 7 km to attend mass.\"Things have changed for his children's generation, as they have a bonfire on Christmas eve, besides going for mass of course. \"I am more likely to share Christmas greetings on the internet with my friends ,\" said Ambrosia, Edwin's daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17750214", "title": "Buy rail tickets from ATVMs", "text": "KOCHI: Here is a Christmas gift for rail passengers in the state. To reduce long winding queues at counters, the railways have commissioned two automatic ticket vending machines (ATVMs) each at five stations - Ernakulam Jn, Thrissur, Aluva, Kottayam and Thiruvananthapuram - under the Thiruvananthapuram division.Passengers can buy unreserved tickets for second class journey in ordinary, express and superfast trains from ATVMs by swiping smart cards that can be purchased from these stations. The smart cards come in denominations of Rs 100 to Rs 5,000. The card is valid for an year, according to railway authorities.On an average, over 10,000 unreserved tickets are sold daily from six counters at Ernakulam Junction alone with the number peaking at 15,000 during festive seasons.\"These machines would help in reducing queues at ticket counters. Initially, we will post facilitators near machines to help passengers,\" said P L Ashok Kumar , area manager, Southern Railway, Ernakulam.ATVMs cost Rs 2.5 lakh each and more will be commissioned in the coming year, according to Rajesh Agrawal, railway manager, Thiruvananthapuram division.Earlier, Union minister of state for human resource development Shashi Tharoor commissioned 10 ATVMs in five stations simultaneously at a function held at Thiruvananthapuram central railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750751", "title": "Another girl molested on mean streets of Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nationwide furore over the shocking incidents of gang rape in Delhi and Bhubaneswar notwithstanding, the state capital was shamed yet again late on Sunday night when two unidentified miscreants allegedly molested a 19-year-old girl and threw her out of an auto-rickshaw at Delta Square.The girl, who hails from Kendrapada district, said she was travelling from Baramunda to Master Canteen in an auto at midnight when she encountered the traumatic ordeal. She is now undergoing treatment at a private hospital in an undisclosed place for multiple injuries, which according to doctors indicated she was subjected to more abuse than just molestation.The girl was rescued by a police control room (PCR) van from Delta Square at around 12.20 am and shifted to Capital Hospital at around 12.30 am, said DCP Nitinjeet Singh. Her condition is stable. \"We were present in the hospital when she was admitted late at night. Groaning in pain, she narrated her ordeal to the doctor and police,\" said Jyoti Prakas Das, volunteer of a social outfit.Recounting the trauma to media persons at Capital Hospital, the victim said, \"I stay near Master Canteen. I reached Baramunda bus stand at midnight from Kendrapada and boarded an auto-rickshaw travelling towards Master Canteen. I was alone in the auto when the driver allowed two men to share the journey midway. The two men were drunk and started groping me. When I opposed, they started molesting me. One of them offered me Rs 500 to keep quiet. I shouted at them and raised an alarm. They pushed me off the running auto and fled.\" She refused to divulge details about her occupation, background and family.Jolted by Wednesday's alleged gang rape of a dancer in the city, police went an extra mile to cover up the latest incident and whisked the victim away from Capital Hospital to an undisclosed location for treatment. Casting further confusion in the case, the DCP told the media she was going towards Dumduma from Master Canteen when she was molested in the auto. \"It is being investigated as to why she was going to Dumduma late at night. A manhunt has been launched to nab the culprits,\" Singh said. A case has been registered at Khandagiri police station and investigation is on, he said and denied the girl was raped.Though the victim did not suggest direct complicity of the auto driver in the case, police said they would bring the driver under the purview of investigation too. \"We have detained an auto driver suspecting his involvement in the case,\" Singh said. Asked whether the girl knew the driver and co-passengers, Singh said, \"She gave us a statement that she did not know them before. She also did not read the name of the driver from his identity card, pasted behind the driver's seat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753588", "title": "'Yadav Ji' shoot finishes", "text": "The shooting of Bhojpuri film 'Yadav Ji', finished recently. Made under Kosi Ganga Film the film stars Dharmesh Mishra in lead role. The movie revolves around a man who loves a girl to death. The man also raises his voice against the against crime.Dilip Anand, Arpita Mali, CP Bhatt, Bunty Devgan are the other stars in the movie. Film is produced by Prashant Raj and co-produced by Narendra Gulshan.Source : bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749886", "title": "Doctor killed by train while crossing tracks at Minjur", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of a 31-year-old doctor was found near the Minjur railway station, 25km from Chennai, on Monday morning. Police suspect he was hit by an EMU while crossing the railway tracks on Sunday night. Some of passersby noticed the body besides the tracks and informed police. Railway police personnel sent the body to the government hospital in Ponneri for postmortem.Police said A Mahendran, attached to the primary health centre (PHC) in Minjur, visited a friend's house in Chennai and was returning home. He may have gone towards some bushes near the station to attend to a call of nature and would have been struck by an EMU train, they said.His father Arun, a schoolteacher, and other family members launched a search for him on Sunday night, as he failed to return home. They called Mahendran's friend who told them the doctor had left Chennai around 7pm on Sunday. His family members then tried to reach Mahendran on his mobile phone and found it was switched off. They also inquired at the house of friends and relatives in Minjur.Arun lodged a complaint with the Minjur police.On Monday morning, after being informed by police, the family members went to the government hospital in Ponneri and identified his body. Mahendran is survived by his wife Vimala, a doctor at the Minjur PHC, and a son. Vimala, who had gone to her native place near Madurai, is rushing back to the city, police said. A case has been registered.According to government railway police more than 85 people died after being run over by trains while crossing tracks in Chennai-Gummidipoondi suburban section this year. \"On an average eight people die in a month. The accidents happen because people cross tracks despite being warned of such accidents,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17751206", "title": "Let's see if Lucky really exists: Roy Naik", "text": "PANAJI: Roy Naik , son of former home minister, Ravi Naik , who was called by the Central bureau of investigation (CBI) five times for questioning in connection with the police-politician-drug mafia nexus refuted the allegation that he has any link with Israeli drug dealer Yaniv Benaim alias Atala.Naik said that the CBI should be allowed to conduct an independent investigation in the case. \"I don't want to talk much about the case as the same is being investigated by the CBI and hence it is not proper to make any statement at this stage. The media should allow the CBI to independently investigate the matter and should not hold a parallel media trial without any evidence,\" said Naik.\"Earlier, Lucky Farmhouse was scared to come to Goa. Now what is the problem. Neither is my father the state's home minister nor is he in power. Let her come to Goa and give her statement. Let us see if any woman by the name of 'Lucky' really exists or is it only an imaginary figure,\" he added.\"Let me be very clear that I have absolutely no nexus with any dealing nor have I ever met Atala or his self-claimed girlfriend Lucky Farmhouse as alleged in the newspaper and electronic media. Till date, there is not a single case against me nor am I involved in any criminal activities. I personally don't know who is Atala or Lucky. I've not met them. The allegations made against me are false and politically motivated and are without any proof. They were made only to malign the clean image of my father and me,\" Naik further said.Stating that his father, the former home minister, Ravi Naik, referred the case to the CBI for an impartial investigation, Naik said, \"I am ready to face any investigation by the CBI as I have nothing to hide as I am clean.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749602", "title": "Netas get notice over 9 lakh dues", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihamumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) is finding it difficult to recover transport charges amounting to Rs 8.6 lakh from eight corporators, who allegedly misused official vehicles.The corporators denied any misuse and have refused to cough up money.According to rules, if the vehicles are used for ferrying corporators beyond city limits, then they are liable to meet the fuel expenses and other costs. The civic body slapped notices on eight corporators from the Shiv Sena and the BJP and asked them to clear the dues. Many of their trips were for work related to elections in other states, sources claimed.\"Some corporators travelled to Mahabaleshwar, Goa and pilgrimage sites like Shirdi and Tuljapur,\" said a senior BMC official.The defaulters include mayor Sunil Prabhu who was the then leader of the House and current House leader Yashodhar Phanse who headed the improvements panel. Ex-works committee chiefs Prakash Chalke (city) and Vishwanath Mhakse (suburbs) owe the BMC Rs 4.09 lakh and Rs 3.21 lakh.The two said they had used the vehicles for \"official work\" and will not pay the BMC. \"The leaders have used their official vehicles so much that the monetary value of the contract worth Rs 2.15 crore as rent for the vehicles for the year 2011-2012 was exhausted in September itself, six months before the expected time,\"said a senior civic official.Meanwhile, the civic body has decided to chalk out up a policy that aims at limiting the use of official vehicles. \"If corporators need to take the vehicles outside city limits, then permission needs to be sought from the civic chief,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749984", "title": "Bus rape chargesheet in six days: Police", "text": "NEW DELHI: It may be for the first time that widespread outrage has forced police to put matters on fast track. Police on Monday announced that they would file chargesheet in the Munirka bus gang rape case in six days with all evidence, including DNA reports, incorporated in it. Officials say they have collected all the evidence to make it a watertight case, including weapons, clothes, mobile phones and forensic evidence, besides arresting all culprits.The case will be fast-tracked in court on a day-to-day by basis by a volunteer high court advocate Gyan Krishnan, who will represent this case as public prosecutor free of cost. Special commissioner of police (law and order) Dharmendra Kumar said, \"We have sufficient evidence to make a strong chargesheet against six accused persons.\"Officials said that it will be a 'water-tight case'. More than 50 police officers have been working on collecting evidence for the past one week. Sources say they have already taken forensic evidence like fingerprints, nails and footprints from the bus DL1PB-0149, blood samples of the accused, samples from the clothes of the accused and objects like an iron rod kept inside the vehicle. Cops have also reportedly taken DNA samples of all accused persons as important forensic evidence. CCTV footage taken from a south Delhi hotel in which the bus is seen moving is also crucial evidence.Police also recovered some articles of clothing of 23-year-old 'Nirbhaya' and her male friend while the remaining clothes had been burnt by accused Ram Singh, Mukesh, Vinay Sharma and Pawan Gupta. Subsequently, the statements of several witnesses including the person who found the couple dumped near Mahipalpur, doctors, police officers who took them to the hospital, owner of the bus and the male victim are being taken. 'Nirbhaya's statement before the SDM has been already recorded.Delhi Police earlier planned to file the chargesheet in one month but the pressure had forced the cops to take this step and they are confident it would not be weak. \"The investigations and evidence collection is being monitored at the level of joint commissioner of police. Each and every statement and evidence will be scrutinized by legal experts and then we will file a chargesheet, \" said an officer. Commissioner of police Neeraj Kumar had also said recently that \"the case would be fast-tracked\".It has been seen in past rape cases that after the filing of chargesheets, the accused take advantage of legal loopholes and slow proceedings. \"In several rape cases, sometimes evidence collected by police is poor, sometimes victims give contradictory statements and sometimes there is influence from the accused person. Those cases fall flat in the courts and accused persons go scot free,\" the officer said.However, in this case, Delhi Police officials say they will make sure the accused are given maximum punishment and the trial finished as soon as possible. Police also said they will make sure 'Nirbhaya', her friend and their families are provided security till the time the accused persons are sentenced.The six accused persons - Ram Singh, Mukesh, Pawan, Vinay Sharma, Akshay Thakur and Raju have been charged under sections 365 (kidnapping), 376(2) G (gangrape), 377 (unnatural sex), 394 (robbery) and 307 (attempt to murder) read with 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code in the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753200", "title": "RiRi donates $1.74m to Barbados hospital", "text": "Rihanna donated three pieces of medical equipment - worth more than 1.74 million dollars - to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Barbados.The donation was made from the Clara Lionel Foundation, in memory of her late grandmother Dolly, who died of cancer in June.\"This was my way of giving back to Barbados in a form of philanthropy, by assisting the QEH in its continued modernization programme. . . .I believe that this will have a huge impact on the people of Barbados. This was all done to save lives or at least extend it,\" the 24-yea-old said.Rihanna's gran Dolly died earlier this year and the star posted many pictures of herself in the hospital with her before her death", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17749061", "title": "More women constables for Guwahati streets", "text": "GUWAHATI: At a time when national outcry over safety of women is getting louder, police are all set to bolster the security blanket for women on city streets.Two days ago, police added 170 women constables to keep a close eye on troublemakers on city streets. \"We will dedicate these 170 police constables for traffic management in the city. This additional manpower is likely to minimize traffic snarls in the city. Besides, with more women police on city streets, women commuters will feel safer and can complain to them against eve-teasing any time,\" city SSP A P Tiwari told TOI.The city, which has a separate women police station to address various crimes related to women, has some 45 women police officials. Besides, all 21 police stations here have at least 5-6 women police officers. After the GS mob molestation incident raised questions of women's safety in the city, police have added four special \"Cobra\" women police units for four police divisions.\"The Cobra units are already working brilliantly and have picked up every case of eve teasing lately. With efficient women units like Cobra assisting city police, road Romeos here are having a tough time. Moreover, we have decided to add another Cobra unit for Christmas and New Year to keep a watch at vulnerable points like bars, pubs and discos here,\" added the SSP.On the other hand, Assam Police have already formed a special women commando unit called \"Veerangana\" to combat the rise in crimes against women on city streets. However, the unit is yet to be operational.\"There are 100 women commandos in the first batch. They have been specially trained in martial art, motor driving and fire arm handling. At present, they are undergoing special classes on various laws meant for crimes against women. We are thinking of deploying some Veerangana commandos in civvies for Christmas and New Year on trial basis,\" added a senior police officer. ial. Though the first batch will be deployed in the city, soon the force will spread its wings across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749500", "title": "Play Secret Santa this Christmas", "text": "LUCKNOW: Growing up takes the charm and mystery associated with Santa Claus. But here's an activity to keep Santa alive in the fast-paced modern-day life. \"Secret Santa is the name of the game,\" said Nitika Dwivedi, a law student who has been playing this game for the last four years. \"It is an interesting mix of curiosity and excitement. But the end result guarantees happiness to all who are a part of it,\" she added.Rules of the game are simple. A group of friends, relatives or siblings can play. Someone can play a moderator and ask all players to write their names on a piece of paper. The chits would then be placed in a bowl or hat. Each person will be asked to take one chit. Thereafter, he / she will have to gift a present to the person whose name was on the chit he / she drew out. Each one should try to gift something the person likes.The 'secret' element lies in the fact that the name of the person who gave the gift is revealed only on New Year Day (seven days later). Larger the group, more interesting the game. They also recommend making a wish list behind the chits. An upper limit of how much can one can spend on a present will make it economical.The tradition, say certain people who play this game, owes its origin to a small town in England. It got popular and spread to other parts of United Kingdom. In fact, it became a rage in UK and the school authorities were forced to ban it for school children could not keep their hands off this game. A similar trend can be seen in city schools as well. Children now play the game secretly which has added to its 'anonymity quotient'. \"Our teachers discourage the idea of exchanging gifts in school,\" said Nivedita Pant, who studies in a missionary school.Nivedita's friend Neha added that most children were \"crazy about it\". \"We get weird gifts at times. And in the seven days of waiting to know the name of the person who brought the gift, we have a great time guessing 'who is it?' We also enjoy flaunting our likes and dislikes (with the idea of suggesting a possible gift) among general conversations,\" explained Neha.Not just schools, Secret Santa is equally popular among office-goers. Fashion designer Pooja Shah shares that when she mooted the idea, her friends laughed at her. \"They told me I was being childish. But now, they all like it more than me,\" she said. Some elders have mature reasons to play the game. Akash Verma an engineer with a private firm said they were able to explore people better through this game. \"You might not be close to the person who is giving you a gift but it gives a feeling that someone cares for you,\" he said. So this Christmas, make a wish through Secret Santa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17750915", "title": "Mercury dips, cold wave sweeps state", "text": "PATNA: Bihar is in the grip of cold wavelike situation with the minimum temperature plummeting sharply with foggy weather conditions disrupting rail and air services.Meteorological office director A K Sen said there has been a sharp decline in the day temperatures over the past three-four days which has set in chilly weather condition throughout Bihar. The condition will persist over the next couple of days with chilly winds sweeping through the plain regions of the state, he said.Chhapra remained the coldest place in Bihar with a minimum temperature of 6.2 degree Celsius, while Patna, Gaya and Muzaffarpur recorded minimum temperature at 7.7, 6.7 and 9.1 degree Celsius this morning , the Met office said.A thick fog enveloped large parts of the state disrupting rail and air services with a number of trains, including the Delhi-Patna Rajdhani Express running late by several hours, Railways sources said.According to Danapur rail division PRO R K Singh, all Patna-bound trains, particularly from Delhi, were running abnormally late on Monday. The dense fog on the Delhi-Mughalsarai route has been affecting normal movements of passenger trains. As a result, most of the night trains have been running on maximum caution due to poor visibility, he said.The important trains running abnormally late on Monday included New Delhi-Patna Rajdhani Express (500 minutes), Azimabad Express (490 minutes), Toofan Express (360 minutes), Vikramshila Express (600 minutes), Sampoorna Kranti Express (720 minutes), Shramjeevi Express (280 minutes), Jansadharan Express (720 minutes), Poorva Express (300 minutes), Lokmanya Tilak Express (360 minutes), Sanghmitra Express (120 minutes), Magadh Express (400 minutes), Brahmputra Mail (900 minutes), Punjab Mail (430 minutes) and Farakka Express (840 minutes), the PRO said, adding several pairs of Delhi-bound trains were rescheduled from Patna Junction.Landing and take-off of commercial flights at Patna airport were affected due to poor visibility, airport director Arvind Dube said. No flights could land or take-off before 2.30pm. The morning flight of Indigo from Mumbai landed at 2.30pm, while the first flight from New Delhi landed at 5.30pm. The Jet Airways' flight number JAI 727 from New Delhi was cancelled for the day.\"The visibility at Patna airport was as low as 300 metres in the morning. It improved to 900 metres around 1.30pm and 1400 metres around 4pm. But later, the visibility improved to 1600 metres,\" said the weathermen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749613", "title": "Activists train guns on minister", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra's minister of state for education Fauzia Khan has been hauled up by activists for forgetting her fundamental \"constitutional duty\" as stated in Part IV A that it is the duty of very citizen to be compassionate to all animals.Recently, Khan was in a tight corner after her private holiday photos at a South African wildlife resort made their way to the internet.The minister is seen holding a hunting rifle and posing with dead wild animals like zebra, springbuck, impala and wildebeest. Following the public outcry over these shocking images, the Federation of Indian Animal Protection Organizations (FIAPO) has written to Khan reminding her of the constitutional oath to uphold the Constitution of India while in office and also of following her fundamental duties as a citizen.Fauzia Khan's defence that she did not personally kill the animals in the photos and that it was not illegal to hunt them in South Africa, had no impact on the activists'demand. \"We have demanded that the minister tender a public apology for her actions,\" a FIAPO spokesperson said.\"She has sent a very wrong message to the youth of India by condoning the killing of defenseless animals. Youngsters are directly influenced by her conduct as minister of state for education,\" he added.When TOI spoke to Khan in Nagpur, she said, \"I had gone for a very private holiday trip to South Africa with my family this summer. In that country, the culling of certain wild animals is allowed by their forest department, depending on the carrying capacity of the jungle. So, I have only posed for a few photos with culled wild animals. We did not break any law.\"The spokesperson added: We have recommended that she reevaluate her response to this issue and instead focus on developing Humane Education modules with the assistance of animal protection organisations for state schools, and spread the message of compassion and care for all living creatures as is stated in our Constitution.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17751110", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav welcomes Ram Baran Yadav", "text": "VARANASI: President of Nepal, Ram Baran Yadav was given a warm welcome at Babatpur airport by chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav on Monday.For the state police, right from ADG (Security), Rajnikant Mishra to the constables, it was a day for rehearsals of the security exercises as president Paranab Mukharjee would also visit the city on Tuesday.Before the arrival of the Nepalese president, the CM held a meeting with party's MPs including Toofani Saroj, UP minister,Surendra Patel,and other office bearers.Senior officials of district administration and police also stayed in the VIP lounge where the CM expressed his dissatisfaction over law and order exercises and the crime scene.Asking officials to perform as per the expectation of the government, he said, \"due to being the biggest city of east UP, Varanasi needs projects for proper development.\" He asked the officials to prepare project for proper planning as the state government has no crisis of funds to spend here.Later, he welcomed the Nepalese president after which he left for Lucknow. Amidst tight security arrangements, the Nepalese president was taken to a hotel in Nadesar area.He will attend the special convocation at Banaras Hindu University where president Pranab Mukharjee will also be present with the governors of three states including of UP, Madhya Pradesh and Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753564", "title": "Shahid visited 'Sholay' shooting location", "text": "Actor Shahid Kapoor did not miss out on the chance to visit Ramgarh in Karnataka, where cult film Sholay was shot.The 31-year-old was in Mysore to shoot his upcoming project Phata Poster Nikla Hero when he got to know that the famous shooting location is nearby.The actor took time off after the shooting and visited the spot. He managed to wrap up the trip in eight hours time.Directed by Rajkumar Santoshi , Phata Poster Nikla Hero also stars Ileana D'Cruz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17751096", "title": "Encroachments removed from Bhadrakali area", "text": "Nashik: The NMC's anti-encroachment department evicted encroachers in various parts of the city on Monday, the maximum number of removals being at Doodh Bazaar in Bhadrakali.The employees of the anti-encroachment department got into action on Monday morning and evacuated a number of encroachers with the help of the Bhadrakali police. In Bhadrakali, hand carts, kiosks and stalls along with various goods were confiscated by the department and transported in two vans. The scrap dealers near Prabhat Talkies were also evacuated and the material confiscated.The bystanders observing the anti-encroachment drive created a lot of chaos in the narrow and crowded lanes of Bhadrakali area. The employees carried out the anti-encroachment under the supervision and guidance of deputy municipal commissioner (anti-encroachment), Dattatreya Gotise and under security from the Bhadrakali police station, provided by senior police inspector Dhanraj Dayma.\"We exercised all the caution to avoid any violent protests by the encroachers. It was a joint effort by the Bhadrakali police and the NMC,\" said Gotise.Shades and kiosks were also removed near Dadasaheb Gaikwad statue at CIDCO. Vegetable vendors at Saykheda Road, Nashik Road were evacuated.The employees of the anti-encroachment department got into action on Monday morning and removed a number of encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17749227", "title": "Bokaro celebrates Christmas with pomp", "text": "BOKARO: The Steel City is steeped in the festive fervour with Christmas celebrations beginning on a colourful note. Carols rent the air and residents soaked into the yuletide spirit partying, dancing and digging into cakes with their friends and relatives on Christmas eve.Churches in the city were a sight to behold complete with illuminations, Christmas tree, star-lights, and other knick-knacks. They were swarmed with people who had turned up in groups to offer midnight prayers.\"We had started preparations for this since December 15. Hundreds of Christians converged at the Sector-IV Church and offered their prayers. We distributed cakes and people greeted each other,\" said Manoj Philip, a father of the Church of God.Shops, restaurants, houses, hotels , streets, all are decked out for the occasion with streamers, clay lamps, glowing stars and lightings. Many schools also organized Christmas celebrations.Cashing in on the festivity, several restaurants and gift shops are offering special discounts and gifts to the customers on Christmas. Bakery shops are doing brisk business. Ginger, a restaurant in the town has gone a step further by having a Santa Claus distribute sweets.There are gifts galore for customers, especially kids and special dishes on the menu. Amit Johar, owner of the restaurant said they have announced a flat five percent discount for their customers on Christmas day. The local Christian community celebrated the festival with great enthusiasm. A large star was seen hanging in front of every home in the town. Christians prepared rose cookies, cul-cul, cakes, puddings and an array of delicacies on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753153", "title": "Emma Bunton likely to wed in spring", "text": "Singer Emma Bunton has reportedly decided to marry fiance Jade Jones during spring next year.Bunton, 36, has been in a relationship with Jones for over a decade and has two sons - Beau, 5, and one-year-old Tate - with him.\"Jade thinks it will be nice to set the date and choose the perfect venue over Christmas,\" dailystar.co.uk quoted a source as saying.\"They should be ready to send invites over New Year, and it looks like it will be a spring wedding,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17751104", "title": "Man murdered for intervening in quarrel", "text": "NAGPUR: A 40-year-old man on Monday paid the price for trying to stop a quarrel between a man and his wife who were his tenants at Yogeshwar Nagar. within the limits of Nandanvan police station.Aniruddha Shende collapsed after being allegedly hit on the chest by the tenant's younger brother with an equipment used in the carpentry.Shende rushed to mediate between Ramashray Saket and his wife Geeta who were engaged in a heated wordy duel. The couple, along with their children, had been staying as tenant at Shende's place for last two years. Ramashray is a mechanic while his younger brother Ramkushal, who was nabbed for the murder, worked as carpenter. The Saket family had migrated to city from Satna near Allahabad few years ago.Ramashray had skipped his work on Monday to stay back at home. Ramkushal too did not have any work in the last two days. Ramkushal, inebriated at the time of incident, had been consuming liquor since morning.Hence, the brother duo went out together for drinks.After they returned home, Ramashray and his wife broke into a quarrel in the presence of Ramkushal. Hearing the ruckus, Shende went to dissuade the couple from continuing their argument.Ramashray left the room when Shende started scolding Ramkushal. An enraged Ramkushal then hit Shende on his chest.Shende succumbed to the injuries before being rushed to a private hospital. Nandanvan police reached the place and took Ramkushal into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750675", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcResponse to job ads poor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In the wake of global recession, a large number of youth are opting for government jobs, which was evident from increasing number of applications received by the Staff Selection Commission (SSC). However, the commission does not get satisfactory response to job advertisements from Odisha compared to other states, said chairman of the commission, N K Raghupathy. He also alleged that the state government is not cooperating with the commission to create awareness about openings.\"There has been a tremendous surge in the number of applications as well as recruitments in the SSC. This is attributed to revamped examination system and introduction of test in vernacular language,\" Raghupathy said and added, \"Notwithstanding the surge, Odisha is a deficit state with poor response.\"The main reason for this, he said, lack of coordination between the SSC and the state government. \"The state government has a major role to play for conducting recruitment drives and make proper advertisement and publicity for job opportunities. We have written several letters to Odisha government and also asked it to appoint a nodal officer, but no action has been taken in this regard,\" he maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17750990", "title": "IIT prof exposes Nagpur University's poor valuation", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University's extremely poor standard of evaluation was exposed by IIT Delhi professor who checked the answer-sheets of eight students referred by Bombay High Court. Reliable sources revealed that after HC's directives to NU to have the answer-sheets checked by an expert, vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal consulted with Pune University VC and decided on IIT teacher's name.The VC along with controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke then went to Delhi on December 10. On the same day, the answer-sheets were handed over to the IIT professor for re-reassessment. While the VC returned on December 12, he asked CoE to stay there till December 14 and return with checked answer-sheets. Expectedly, marks of most of the eight students were increased. One got increase of 29 marks and all of them cleared the summer exams. While VC was not available for comments, CoE failed to take the calls. PRO Prashant Mohite claimed ignorance on the matter.Surprisingly, VC refused to reveal these details to Board of Examinations (BoE) members during their meet on last Friday. VC termed them as \"confidential\" despite insistence by members, who later complained that it was not right to keep facts from BoE. They termed the entire episode \"unfortunate\" where they were not taken into confidence. NU failed to disclose these details even to the court. It was only after the court ruled in favour of Pupul Borkar and 105 other students that NU agreed to re-reassess their answer books through an independent panel and also permitted them to appear in exams commencing on December 27. Interestingly, the court denied relief citing delay in filing petition to 100 other students who claimed it on similar grounds.NU's decision to allow re-reassessment of 106 students has not gone down well with 6,000 engineering students who had also complained of undervaluation. They are protesting at exam section on the LIT premises since Saturday. The protests continued on Monday amid police presence. \"We tried convincing them by citing court judgment but they refused to entertain us,\" said Ramdeobaba student Tushar Soni.VC cancels principals meet, rushes to AmravatiNU VC Vilas Sapkal cancelled a meeting with engineering colleges principals on Monday and rushed to Amravati, sources claimed. Though nothing was revealed officially, sources said Sapkal was called by AU VC Mohan Khedkar in connection with some missing document. NU officials, however, he had gone for a family function. A notification was uploaded on NU website principals' meet was cancelled due to \"unavoidable\" circumstances.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17750602", "title": "The story behind 'Silent Night'", "text": "Mangalore: It may surprise many that 'Silent Night', one of the most famous of Christmas carols, is of relatively recent origin. The carol first saw the light of the day in the Catholic Church of St Nicholas at Oberndorf in Salzburg, Austria, on the German (Bavarian) border. Reflecting this in his book 'Popular Music - A Historical and Thematic Analysis - A Thousand Pages of Songs' is author Michael Lobo. The book provides a history of the carol. There is a well-established story of how it came to be written. On the Christmas eve of 1818, the organ at the Church of St Nicholas broke down. The choir thus had to make do with a guitar, but despite this, the midnight mass was a resounding success because, in order to make up for the disappointment at losing their organ, the assistant parish priest and the organist sat down together to write a new carol, said Lobo, a Mangalorean, explaining the story to TOI. The organist, Franz Xaver Gruber, composed the music. The curate,Joseph Mohr wrote the lyrics. They are said to have done the work together in the few hours before the midnight mass and called the composition Stille Nacht. \"This pretty story may not be altogether true. There is no doubt that Gruber and Mohr composed the carol together, but they may have worked on it over a fairly long period,\" he said. For the first seven years of its existence, the hymn remained unknown outside Oberndorf. Then in 1825, it was taken to Tyrol in Austria by Karl Mauracher, an organ builder who was shown the hymn when he visited Oberndorf. In Tyrol, it came to the attention of a glove maker Joseph Strasser who was also the head of a singing family group and a student of folk music. Strasser paraded the carol at a Leipzig concert for Christmas 1832. Calling it a Tyrolean folk carol - and giving it the name Song of Heaven, this carol was actually sung by Strasser's four children. Their performance so impressed the king and queen of Saxony that they were asked to sing it to the royal children. A music publisher named AR Friese, who was present at the concert proceeded to publish the carol (its first appearance in print) as one of four Tyrolean folk songs sung by the Strasser family. In the years that had elapsed since it was first composed by Gruber and Mohr, its melody had undergone a slight change, but nevertheless the original composers must have known at once that the carol was their own. The controversy was inevitable and the true composers actually had to take legal proceedings before they were able to establish their claim to authorship. Incidentally, Gruber and Mohr were themselves Austrian by birth, Lobo says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749038", "title": "Protests an eruption of accumulated anger, Meira Kumar says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Speaker Meira Kumar threw her lot behind the young protestors, calling the assault on Nirbhaya as a trigger for what was a long time coming. She dubbed the upsurge of anger that sent young boys and girls to jam the central vista an \"apolitical mass movement\".With the show of mass anger rattling the political class, Kumar told TOI, \"The heinous rape was the proverbial last straw. Somewhere, there had to be this kind of resentment... You keep hearing and hearing about such cases and finally the young say enough is enough.\"She warned against dismissing the mass gatherings over the weekend lightly. \"This is a protest by youngsters. Boys, girls, men all came out, fathers brought their children along. This is totally apolitical people's movement for a safer society for women,\" she said.Kumar also expressed displeasure at the police action against protestors. \"It is not nice to see the pictures of girls being dealt by policemen. The police should leave the children alone and deal with anti-socials,\" she said.The strong words of support are bound to discourage sections that see hidden political hand fuelling the agitation. Kumar was among the first of the political class to visit Nirbhaya after leading the Lok Sabha to express concern over rising crime against women.She was full of admiration for Nirbhaya's parents whom she described as \"amazingly progressive\" and described the meeting as \"cathartic\".\"The father told me he sold the family land to educate the daughter. In my so many years, many people have told me they sold their land to educate the son or give dowry to the girl. But nobody has yet told me he sold property to ensure education for the girl child. That is what you call progressive,\" she said.Kumar recalled the family was so \"full of dignity\". \"They have taken the tragedy with courage, else it can disintegrate people. I cannot get over with it.\"She said society's attitude towards women needs to change, underlining that while incidents in cities are reported, many in the rural areas do not even come to light and maltreatment of women from dalit and weaker sections is seen as okay in society. \"But this (Nirbhaya) was the proverbial last straw,\" she said, identifying the ongoing protests as an eruption of accumulated anger over long period of time.The Speaker appeared to take a dim view of the absence of political initiative in engaging with the protestors. \"You have to talk to them. They must know their anguish is being understood and steps will be taken. It is about convincing them,\" Kumar said.As immediate measures, she demanded that more police stations be manned by women while cops be sensitized and hospitals have special wards for victims with treatment including counseling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17751082", "title": "Protests against Delhi rape rage on", "text": "KANPUR: The city's students continued to register their protest against the heinous gangrape in Delhi on Monday. The protesters thanked the media and social networking sites for helping them unite for the cause and vowed to continue their protests till strict laws are framed to combat crime against women.Continuing their show of solidarity with the rape victim, students of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College once again came to Mootijheel's Rajiv Vatika on Monday afternoon. Nishant, a medical student said the country needs a major overhaul with respect to mentality, and must shun prejudice and double standards.Addressing the media, another student Nidhi said the government should provide an exclusive helpline for women. In addition, she said, sex education in schools and awareness of self-defense mechanisms are important for curbing crime against women. Apart from the medical and engineering students, a group of over 200 youths from various schools, colleges, NGOs and other organizations also gathered at Motijhel premises on Monday afternoon, demanding capital punishment for the culprits.The students of Yuva Sankalp Association also continued came out in support of the protestors.'Laws outdated':One of the protestors, law student Aayush Tiwari said, \"Every 20 minutes, a woman is raped in India. As a law student, I wonder how non-productive it is to tackle the present scenario with laws framed under the British around 150 to 200 years ago. The spirit of law lies in the \"volksgeist\" theory which states that laws grow like a language along with society. In the Indian context, however, the laws governing the society have remained unchanged.\"He said that being a law student, he believes that the sword of justice has no scabbard. No assumptions must come in its way while dealing with such issues, as crimes like rape do not arise from poverty or illiteracy but from lawlessness itself. Therefore, a utilitarian approach must be adopted in dealing with such cruel and inhumane acts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17751132", "title": "Winter chill increases, VMC bonfires don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t", "text": "VARANASI: Does Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) have enough stock of firewood to fuel the bonfires it plans to arrange for the public this winter? Notably, this year, the corporation has not yet purchased firewood for arranging bonfires in different areas of the city, and it is the last year's stock that has been used for bonfires being lit since December 12.VMC has been arranging regular bonfires at 10 different places, which include spots near Cantonment railway station, Roadways bus station, Maidagin, Lahurabir, Chitranjan Park, Lanka, and Durgakind. As per the records of VMC, approximately 50 kg of firewood is consumed for lighting bonfires each day at a particular place. With this rate, it is assumed that around 500 kg of firewood is required everyday for lighting bonfires at the 10 identified areas in the city.It may be noted that there is no separate funding for firewood to arrange bonfires in the peak winter season. The arrangements are made from the contingency fund. At the same time, there are no fixed norms to start the process that gets unnecessarily delayed while getting clearance from the office of municipal commissioner.It may be noted that the maximum number of bonfires last year was 108. As per the records of VMC, in the past four years, VMC has consumed over 70 tonnes of firewood for the bonfires.Meanwhile, many locals are complaining that proper bonfires are not arranged in their areas. According to Vinod from Chitranjan Park, the bonfires are not regularly arranged despite the fact that the area witnesses huge crowds everyday.Additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh said tenders and other formalities have been completed and the firewood will be purchased soon. Singh also informed that directions have been given to arrange bonfires even at night shelters. Zonal officers will be responsible for verifying the arrangement of bonfires in their respective areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17751035", "title": "Eve-teasing lands youth in jail", "text": "NAGPUR: Pachpaoli police have arrested a 24-year-old youth from Itwari for allegedly eve-teasing and abusing a young girl. When the victim opposed the youth's advances, he molested her publicly and also threatened her of dire consequences if she reported the matter to police. Despite being warned, the brave girl lodged a police complaint at Pachpaoli police and put the accused, Shaikh Wasim, behind bars. Police informed that Wasim, a daily wager, was infamous for passing comments on the girls. On Sunday, the victim was walking to the market when Wasim, who was standing near Mahdibagh turning, passed lewd comments on her. Police have booked him for molestation.Railway passenger assaulted in train for seatTwo men assaulted a railway passenger in Amla passenger train near Narkhed railway station on Monday over a dispute for seats in an unreserved compartment. Satish Raut (32), a resident of Narkhed, is undergoing treatment at a rural hospital in Narkhed. Two among the three accused Yogesh Lonare (21) and Raju Patankar (26) have been arrested. Police said that Raut was travelling from Kalmeshwar to Narkhed while the accused boarded the train from Nagpur for Betul. On their way, Lonare and Patankar picked up an argument for a seat with Raut near Sonkhamb station and attacked him with an axe. The passengers immediately pulled the chain and called railway police. By the time police reached the compartment, passengers detained Lonare and Patankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17750430", "title": "Residents, students turn up in scores for 'Night of lights'", "text": "LUDHIANA: To empower and protect children, an awareness drive was held in city by AIESEC, the world's largest student run organization. The drive was held by organizing 'Night of lights' in association with a city-based restaurant.We had even kept passes available online and the residents turned up in huge numbers. The event was a fundraiser for a noble cause and all the money collected will be given towards empowerment of children.\"Residents turned up in huge numbers for the cause, while onlookers got to see a beautiful view.Jasdeep Bindra, a city-based hotelier, said, \"The cause is noble and the idea is new. The sky lit up with lanterns floating in the air. My daughters enjoyed the cold winter evening and we bought four lanterns.\" Bindra, who is a resident of Sarabha Nagar had come along with his wife, Awal and daughters, Livya, 7, and Ibadat, 3. Satdeep Singh, 34, a resident of Sarabha Nagar said, \"It is good to see Ludhianavis turn up in large numbers for a good cause, especially the youth, who are becoming aware and are highlighting such social issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17750052", "title": "Railways bends track to save theme park", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has quashed the land acquisition proceedings for a multi-crore railway project in the Tindivanam-Nagari section, saying it has reasons believe that a last-minute change in route was done to protect the interests of an amusement park.Justice D Hariparanthaman, allowing a petition jointly filed by landowners of Veppur village in Vellore district, said: \"I have perused the map of the railway track. It takes a bend. They (authorities) are not able to satisfactorily explain as to why there is a bend at the village. Hence, the submissions that the track makes a bend to accommodate the theme park cannot be simply brushed aside.\"The work to build the broad gauge line passing through Veppur began in July 2008 when the Railway Board gave the go-ahead. The land survey, however, was been completed in 2007. According to the villagers, the original plan was changed and the track given a curve to save the park - Theme Thunder Amusement Park. They also alleged that the changed alignment would adversely affect heritage structures such as the Ponniamman and Vinayagar temples, besides hospital, school and residential buildings.Following a representation from the villagers, the district collector conducted a survey and submitted a report in October 2010 confirming the deviation and its adverse impact on the village.In spite of this, the railway authorities invoked the emergency clause under Section 17 of the Land Acquisition Act, 1894, to avoid public inquiry and debate before acquiring the land. The landowners moved the HC challenging the deviation in plan and invocation of the urgency clause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17751223", "title": "Refund interest amount to resident, HC tells HUDA", "text": "GURGAON: The Punjab and Haryana high court has come to rescue of a Gurgaon resident, who challenged the HUDA's decision to charge interest for the plot which had not been allocated.The court has recently ordered the authorities (HUDA) to refund the amount, which has been deposited by the petitioner towards interest, since he has not got physical possession of the plot. The petitioner, Vijender Singh Ahlawat had moved to the court stating that he was allotted a plot bearing number 2554-P, Sector- 57, Gurgaon, in the year 2005 allotment letter dated January 28, 2005 of HUDA. For the plot, the petitioner had paid an amount of Rs 13,21,320 and Rs 1,20,120-was to be paid within 30 days from the date of issuance of the above letter and the amount was to be paid in six annual instalments with interest of 11% per annum.The allotment letter specifically mentioned that the interest would be accrued from the date of offer of possession of plot and possession. The petitioner stated that the HUDA could not provide possession of the plot due to encroachments but still started charging interest on the balance of the payment due. After hearing the argument of the petitioner's lawyer and HUDA representation, the court held that it is clear that the plot has been cleared from unauthorized occupation and the petitioner has been offered possession of the same.The court also observed that if that is so, the petitioner may take possession of the site in disputes by making an application before the HUDA, Estate Officer and if any encroachment is still there, the matter to be brought to the notice of the officials.The court held that as the charging of interest on the balance payment is concerned, as per terms and conditions of the allotment letter, it is apparent the interest can be charged only from the date of offer of possession of the plot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17750996", "title": "A story of pain inspiring hope", "text": "BANGALORE: Fly like a bird. Don't look back at the shears that trimmed your wings and pinned you down, leaving you writhing in pain. Such is the refrain of a 15-year-old girl of Nepali origin , who, after being released from the shackles of a brothel in India, chose to join the NGO that saved her.At the same time, six years ago, 24-year-old Abhinav Shiv Tiwari sat up to re-evaluate his life. \"I was part of the UN team that rescued girls from various brothels, and among them noticed this child who refused to tell her heartwrenching story. She didn't want to look back, but move forward with positivity to reconstruct her future, never to return to her parents and aunt who had sold her off in the first place. It left me wondering what life was all about,\" says Abhinav.This rescue mission unleashed along with it an ardent rage in Abhinav to tell 'her' story. Today, as 'Oass' - travels to various festivals in India, including the Biffes, this story leaves audiences shaken, with some men pledging not to fantasize sex with a minor. \"Oass just screened at Chennai, and a man in the audience just stood up and said: 'Everyone fantasizes about having sex with young girls. I am disgusted with myself, but could you please tone the film down, it has left me immensely disturbed' ,\" says Abhinav.This disturbance brings along with it a resonance of change towards a more sensitive breed of men. \"For, in some of the remote and not so distant regions of the country, old men believe that having sex with a minor increases their vitality. Yet others believe that they can be cured of their HIV infections because the minor virgin body of a girl child imbibes the virus. We live in a world where, today, sex trade is a 9 billion-dollar global industry,\" explains Debasish Bhattacharjee, a UN worker and co-producer of Oass.Anguishing as the figures seem, it's time to provoke the masculine mind to rise above those thoughts that could leave a girl child scarred forever . \"It's also the reason why big names, including actor Yashpal Sharma, music man Louiz Banks, sound designer Amrit Pritam Dutta and famed editor Pascale Chavance, all chose to tell the story of Oass, for very little or no remuneration,\" says Abhinav, for whom the emotional upheaval through the making of the film was no mean task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749528", "title": "Sun shines but chill remains", "text": "LUCKNOW: People got some relief on Monday due to sunshine in the afternoon with both maximum and minimum temperatures increasing by few degrees. However, thick dense fog in the morning affected rail, air and road traffic. Coldwave in other parts of the state claimed four more lives during last 24 hours. Muzaffarnagar recorded a low of 2.0 degrees Celsius, the lowest in the plains of north India. Weatherman predicted no significant change in conditions during next 24 hours. However, temperatures will rise by a couple of degrees after December 26.The maximum temperature in the city on Sunday was 11.6 degrees Celsius, 11 degrees below normal, which climbed to 15.5 degrees Celsius. However, despite increase, the maximum temperature was eight degrees below normal. The fog cleared by 2.00 pm, but a thin layer kept floating in the atmosphere. As a result, the day temperature remained below normal. The minimum temperature, however, rose to 9.2 degrees Celsius, one degree above normal, in comparison to 5.2 degrees Celsius on Sunday and 4.4 degrees Celsius on Saturday.State Met director JP Gupta said that the change in the weather conditions was due to change in the wind pattern. The north-easterly winds were more dominating, reducing the impact of dry icy north-westerly winds coming from the snow-fed regions. The wind pattern change led to rise in night temperature and also helped in 'dissolving' dense fog. However, morning fog led to cancellation of four flights and several were flying late. Most of the trains passing from Lucknow were running 6-18 hours late due to fog, which also caused traffic jam on the highways. Schools in the city have already been closed in view of the cold.The change in the wind pattern was because of the western disturbance approaching the northern hills. The western disturbance is likely to hit the hill region by December 26. This will cause snowfall in the hills , but at the same time restrict flow of icy winds to plains, resulting in increase of temperature by a couple of degrees and some relief from thick fog. However, for the next 24 hours, the Met department has warned thick fog in some areas with visibility dropping to 50 metres in the night and in the morning.In rest of the state, maximum temperature was lowest in Agra - 10.7 degrees Celsius, 12 degrees below normal. Similarly, Banda, Orai, Shahjahanpur, Kanpur and Bareilly recorded maximum temperatures between 12 &amp;14 degrees Celsius. Minimum temperatures were low in west UP. Najibabad recorded 4.0 degrees Celsius, the second lowest in the state. Coldwave claimed five more lives in different parts of the state, taking the toll to 10 so far this winter (2012-14). Two persons lost their lives in Bahraich district while one person was killed in Gonda, Kannauj and Farrukhabad during the past 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "keri/bicholim", "code": "17751202", "title": "Affected people to continue agitation", "text": "KERI/BICHOLIM: The Tillari dam affected people said they were determined to continue their agitation further despite a request from Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to withdraw it.Chavan had visited Sindhudurg district on Monday even as the agitation entered its 15th day.The affected people had staged their protests by blocking water supply after sitting inside the left bank main canal at Khanyale.A delegation of Tillari Prakalpgrastha Sangharsh Sameeti met Chavan in the presence of guardian minister Narayan Rane, member of parliament Nilesh Rane and other political leaders of Dodamarg taluka. A memorandum of their grievances and demands was submitted to the political leaders at the chamber of the district collector at Oras in Sindhudurg district.After listening to the grievances of Tillari rehabilitees, chief minister Chavan, while stating that Maharashtra cannot stop Tillari canal water to Goa, requested the people affected by the project to withdraw their agitation.He also informed the agitators that Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar contacted him in this connection requesting him to release Tillari water as early as possible and as such withdrawing the ongoing agitation was the need of the hour to solve the issue.Chavan assured that he will ask the water resources minister of Maharashtra to convene a special meeting of the concerned officials and the members of TPSS within two days, where a one-time settlement and decision regarding employment opportunities for one member from the affected families will be taken.Maharashtra cabinet minister Narayan Rane urged the delegation to call off the agitation as the chief minister had given an assurance to solve the issues on a priority basis.He also gave directives to the district collector of Sindhudurg, Vikram Sinh, to take needful steps at the earliest to settle the grievances put forward by the affected families.But, TPSS refused to stop the agitation and said that both the governments of Maharashtra and Goa \"miserably failed\" to solve the demands put forward by the affected families.TPSS president Shashikant Gawas said, \"Both the (state)governments have made a mockery of the affected families. We have been listening to tall promises of the government over the last three decades. We made sacrifices of our village along with fertile agriculture and horticulture fields. Presently, at the place where we have been rehabilitated, we don't get regular supply of drinking water and no facility for irrigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh/sirsa", "code": "17751154", "title": "Olympic gold medallists to be given Rs 2 crores: Abhay Chautala", "text": "CHANDIGARH/SIRSA: Days after suspension of Indian Olympic Association (IOA) by International Olympic Committee , top sportspersons of the country on Monday gathered at Sirsa at a facilitation function to support IOA's newly elected president, Abhay Singh Chautala.Around 30 top sportspersons, including Indian boxers Vijender Singh, Jai Bhagwan , discus thrower Krishna Poonia and wrestler Geetika Jakhar, participated in the function in presence of Chautala's thousands of supporters. It was the first public function after Chautala became president of IOA on December 5.On the occasion, Chautala said that six Indian sportspersons, who had won medals in the 2012 Olympic Games, would be honoured at the India Gate in New Delhi on June 23.\"IOA would give Rs 2 crore to sportspersons who win gold medals in the next Olympic Games. Similarly, we would give Rs 1 crore to silver medal winners and Rs 50 lakh to bronze medal winners. This would be in addition to the cash incentives given by the Union and state governments to such sportspersons,\" said Chautala, adding that, previously, no cash incentives were given to winners of Olympic Games by the IOA.First Arjuna awardee, Uday Chand, wrestler sisters, Geeta Phogat and Babita Phogat, who had won bronze medals in the Women's World Wrestling Championship at Edmonton, Canada recently, Punjab's finance minister, PS Dhindsa, who is also vice president of IOA, apart from senior coaches and office bearers of various sports bodies, attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749559", "title": "Bank manager kills daughter, wife in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: A deputy manager of Punjab National Bank's Kapoorthala branch on Monday opened fire on his family members at his Vikasnagar residence before turning the gun to himself. His wife and daughter later died at the trauma centre of medical university while the manager is battling for life. His son escaped with injury on his ear.According to police, Surendra Singh (55) shot at his wife Aruna Singh alias Anamika, daughter Niharika and son Nishant from point-blank range, before shooting himself. The incident took place in Sector-V of Vikasnagar between 7.00 am and 8.00 am on Monday. Anamika, 48, was declared brought dead by doctors at trauma centre, while Niharika (27) died while doctors were attending to her. Nishant had a narrow escape, but the gunshot injured his ear badly. Surendra was admitted to the surgical emergency department at 1.00 p.m. and is battling for his life.What actually provoked Surendra to attack his family members is not known, though initial reports suggest that he took the extreme step to get rid of the psychological stress he was going through for the past few months. Singh's wife was bed-ridden and experienced frequent attacks of epilepsy while his daughter who was single, also remained sick.The bank official's son Nishant had completed his engineering from Pune and was preparing for MBA entrance exams. His daughter did not study beyond class XII and had been treated for psychological disorder, said the police, and added that the family was facing difficulty in finding a suitable match for her.Singh had been making rounds of doctors for over a decade, initially for his wife and subsequently for his daughter. Over the past few years Singh, according to reports, himself got drawn into severe depression and was taking medicines to overcome it.\"Singh was extremely disturbed making rounds of the doctors, as the condition of his family members was not improving,\" said RK Chaturvedi, SSP Lucknow who visited the family's home on Monday morning.On Monday, Singh was the first one to wake up among his family members. He entered his wife's bedroom carrying the firearm. He inserted the revolver inside Anamika's ear and fired. Niharika who was sleeping next to her mother, was the next victim. By now, Nishant had woken up and ran towards his mother's bedroom. Before he could have done anything to help his mother and sister, Surendra fired at him from close range. He somehow evaded the shot directed towards his head, but was injured by the gunshot. Meanwhile, Surendra walked to the hall, settled on the sofa peacefully and shot himself in a bid to end his life.Few minutes later, Nishant after coming to terms with the tragedy that struck his family, called up his maternal uncle and narrated the incident. Singh's relatives who stay in Mahanagar and Vikasnagar rushed to his house. Almost at the same time, the police and ambulance arrived at the spot and took the injured to trauma centre at around 9.00 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17750225", "title": "Visitors flock to Global Village", "text": "KOCHI: For those looking for Christmas fun and frolic, the Global Village, which is serving up a variety of entertainment programmes and food festivals at Bolghatty Island, is the place to be.On Xmas day, musician Charles Antony will sing in 12 foreign languages, dancers from Africa will perform to exotic songs and noted singer Franco and his team will belt out numbers in several Indian languages.The Thai pavilion has, meanwhile, become a huge crowd puller with artists and performers from Thailand creating colourful floral patterns on traditional umbrellas and transforming fruits into interesting forms and shapes. While trained Thai masseurs attracted customers, dancers in traditional costumes vowed audiences with their brilliant performance. The highlight of the Thai fest was the 'Esan' dance performed by dancers from north-east Thailand.Thai delicacies such as Tong Yang soup with prawns, fried noodles, vegetable noodles, fried chicken and papaya salad were also much in demand. The food pavilion also has stalls from different parts of the state.There's a kids' zone for children aged between 5 and 12 where they can showcase their creative skills. The entry fee is Rs 50 for adults and Rs 20 for school students. The fest will conclude on January 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749961", "title": "Valarmathi off hook in wealth case", "text": "CHENNAI: Social welfare minister B Valarmathi, who held the same portfolio in the Jayalalithaa cabinet between 2001 and 2006, was discharged from a disproportionate assets case by a special court here on Monday.The Special Judge for Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Cases, Vijayalakshmi, discharged the minister, her businessman-husband KV Balasubramanian and sons B Muthazhagan and B Moovendan, saying there were no grounds to frame charges against them in the case.The wealth case was registered against Valarmathi and others in 2007 during the DMK regime, saying the family's assets worth 1.7 crore was disproportionate to its known sources of income. The DVAC filed chargesheet against them in December 2010. They had preferred the present discharge petition before the special court saying it was a politically-motivated case registered out of political vendetta.According to the DVAC, using her official position Valarmathi and her family members had amassed wealth in Chennai, Kanchipuram, Thiruvallur, Madurai and Chidambaram. Valarmathi was a minister in the AIADMK regime and held the social welfare portfolio from May 19, 2001 to August 26, 2004. She was the rural industries minister from August 27, 2004 to May 13, 2006.DVAC conducted raids at Valarmathi's residence and properties belonging to her relatives at 12 places across the state in August 2007. Apart from Valarmathi's residence, her brother's house at KK Nagar in the city, her father-in-law's house near Chennai and properties of relatives at Madurai and Chidambaram were raided.DVAC had filed a case under Section 109 of the IPC and Sections 13 (1)(E) and 13 (2) of the Prevention of Corruption Act. The chargesheet was filed on December 23, 2010 before the fourth additional sessions court. On February 28, 2011, the case was taken on file and the court issued summons to the accused to appear before it on or before March 24, 2011.After Valarmathi and her family members appeared before the court, the case was adjourned to April 21, 2011 for furnishing copies of the chargesheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17751766", "title": "Class 12th girl found battered in farm", "text": "SURAT: An 18-year-old girl, who is a class XII student, was found unconscious in a field near Duwada village in Navsari district on Monday morning. The victim had severe injuries on her neck and police believe that an attempt was made to strangulate her. The victim, who is in a hospital in Navsari, had not regained consciousness till evening.Police have arrested her boyfriend Bhavesh Naykapatel (20). \"Bhavesh claimed that the girl had called him to meet her on Monday morning. When he reached the field, he found the victim hanging from a mango tree,\" police inspector, Crime Branch, Navsari, K N Patel said.Bhavesh brought her down and sprinkled some water on her face. The victim was breathing, but was unconscious. \"Bhavesh was scared that he would be held responsible for girl's condition and thus escaped,\" police said.Police investigation revealed that the victim and Bhavesh were in a relationship for the last two years and had talked twice on Sunday night. The victim's mother did not see her in the house in the morning, but did not find anything amiss. Later someone informed the family that the girl was lying unconscious in a field near the village. Police later caught Bhavesh.Bhavesh told the police he had a sexual relationship with the victim and that they planned to marry. However, police are yet to find out the cause of injury marks on victim's neck. Doctors are examining the victim to find out if she had been raped, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749347", "title": "Pune Congress to galvanize party cadre", "text": "PUNE: The city Congress is gearing up to celebrate the party's 127th foundation day which falls on December 28.The Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has planned a public rally in Mumbai on December 28 which will be attended by party president Sonia Gandhi.\"The Pune unit will organize several programmes to celebrate the occasion. To start with, the party recently organized a picture exhibition about the party's history and contribution. We have received a message from the state leadership that the party should disseminate the information about the state government's development efforts,\" said city Congress president Abhay Chhajed.Speaking to reporters, Chhajed said, \"The party now plans to galvanize its cadre. Already some of our corporators and leaders have started public campaigns. For instance, we are helping people open bank accounts which is now compulsory to get government subsidy. The state and central leaderships have assured full support to this initiative.\"Minister of state (home) Satej Patil, who was at Congress Bhawan on Saturday, asked party workers to shed gloominess and work hard to strengthen the party. \"The state government and all party ministers will fully support the party workers. Opposition parties have no other work then to defame the Congress and its leaders. They have not at all contributed to the development of the state. Now it is the responsibility of our party workers to expose the opposition's misdeeds and inform people about Congress' contributions,\" said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17750086", "title": "Counselling centre to help distressed college-goers soon", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: For the first time in Vizag, experts and postgraduate students from the field of psychology and psychiatry at Andhra University and Andhra Medical College have decided to come together to set up a counselling centre at St Joseph's College to address the angst of adolescents and college students. The nodal centre is likely to begin functioning in about a month's time.While PG students of psychiatry and psychology will be attending to college-goers twice a week, senior doctors and psychologists including Andhra Medical College vice-principal and professor of psychiatry N N Raju and professor Madhu from AU would provide advisory and technical support as and when required. Teachers from various colleges would also be sensitised to recognize the symptoms of unusual behavior in students so that they can be referred for treatment or counselling. Workshops would also be held in colleges on various topics that bother the youth, informed experts.Elaborating on the initiative, Prof Raju of AMC said, \"The counselling and treatment sessions will be doubly beneficial and holistic. While they will provide postgraduate students and medicos an opportunity to get practical training by attending to the problems of college students, it will help teenagers and college-goers get professional medical help.\"According to Raju, city youth were found to be suffering from stress , anxiety and depression triggered by factors such as academics, love and relationship issues, peer pressure, bullying, societal expectations and the gap between reality and desire.Amulya K, psychologist at St Joseph's College, said, \"It has been noticed that the youth are an increasingly diverted and distracted lot. They are often unable to discriminate between reality and the fantasy world and are influenced by TV, peer groups, media and so on. For instance, if they find a classmate coming to college on a high-end bike, others too want to possess a similar kind of bike. Again, having a girlfriend or a boyfriend has become a status symbol and those without one suffer from depression and inferiority complex.\"\"Adolescence is when hormonal changes take place and one is left confused on how to react to situations. If left unattended, the problems may later manifest into anti-social and deviant behavior. Keeping all these factors in view, the counselling centre as well as treatment provision is the need of the hour,\" Amulya added.Bonita Das, a college-goer from the city, pointed out, \"Youngsters often don't feel comfortable sharing their problems or relationship issues with their parents or family. Some depressed students also require medicines but they don't know who to approach and how to maintain confidentiality. Therefore, such centres, where one gets to interact with psychologists and doctors are definitely welcomed as it would be a boon for city students,\" she said.Experts believe city youth are found to be suffering from stress, anxiety and depression triggered by factors such as academics, love and relationship issues, peer pressure, bullying, societal expectations and the gap between desire and reality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17749229", "title": "IIT alumni to help youths find jobs at foreign firms", "text": "RANCHI: The district administration on Saturday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the PAN IIT Alumni India to help rural youths of the district find employment opportunities in foreign countries. The organization, formed by IIT alumni, trains youths from rural areas across the country and make them competent to avail employment opportunities at various companies.Deputy commissioner Vinay Choubey, said, \"The training centre of PAN IIT is known as Skill Gurukul and Ranchi will be the third district after Gumla and Jamshedpur to start the centre. According to the MoU, we will provide the organization with a building for the institute along with other basic infrastructure and the organization will arrange for the operational costs incurred to train the youth.\"The district administration will provide an under-construction building at Bundu to the organization for running the institute. Choubey said PAN IIT will arrange for sponsors to bear the costs of the training programme and as they have a tie up with the State Bank of India (SBI), the trainees will be financed by them. \"The training costs around Rs 67,000. As employment is guaranteed after the training, SBI has agreed to finance the programme,\" he said.The training programme is different from other such programmes. PAN IIT first looks for employers and then trains the youths according to the job requirement. \"This time, the employers are from Dubai so the youth in Maoist-hit areas will get a chance to work in foreign companies. This will create awareness among the locals and they will also come forward and join us,\" said Choubey.The first batch for training programme will consist of 25 youths who have passed Class VIII from vulnerable areas. \"Apart from skill development, the youths will also be taught yoga, parade and other self-disciplinary activities,\" said Choubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "perinthalmanna", "code": "17750154", "title": "An emphatic win for Kerala", "text": "Perinthalmanna: Kerala team didn't want to spend 'X'mas day at the KCA stadium Perinthalmanna bowling at the Jharkhand batsmen. And the manner in which Jharkhand batsmen batted on the third day of their Ranji Trophy Group 'C' encounter here, it seemed they too were in a hurry to get home before Christmas.Kerala overpowered the visitors by an innings and 35 runs a little over an hour into the second session to earn a bonus point and take their points tally to 18 from seven matches. Jharkhand got bowled out for 170 and the star of the show was Sandeep Warrier, who ended up with six wickets. The victory means Kerala still have a slim chance of entering the quarterfinals of Ranji Trophy this year.Jharkhand resumed the day at 37 for two with Ishank Jaggi and Sunny Gupta at the crease. Kerala started with U Manukrishnan and S Sreesanth. In fact, Sreesanth should have picked up Ishank Jaggi of the very first ball of his spell. But VA Jagadeesh let go an easy chance at first slip.But Kerala's ploy not to give Sandeep Warrier the ball in the first hour of the morning session defied logic. Jaggi and Gupta looked increasingly confident and found runs easy to come by as the session progressed. Wisdom finally dawned on the Kerala think-tank almost 15 overs into the morning session as the ball was finally given to Sandeep.The youngster proved a quality seamer doesn't need early morning assistance to pick up wickets. He spit fire with the ball and suddenly the well set Jharkhand batsmen looked all at sea. In his third over the day, Sandeep removed Gupta with a superb yorker. Gupta made 21. In walked, India discard Saurabh Tiwary. But it took only one ball for Sandeep to remove the left-hander. The ball seamed off the wicket and took a edge before Jagadeesh taking a smart catch third slip. Saurabh made just one.However, Jaggi looked undeterred by the turn of events at the other end and Jharkhand took lunch at 123 for four.Sandeep struck soon after lunch removing Kumar Deobrat and Shiv Gautam in successive overs. With left-arm spinner CP Shahid too getting into the wicket taking act, Jharkhand's hopes of wiping out the first inning lead vanished.Fittingly, it was Sandeep Warrier who finished the innings as he brought to an end Jaggi's long vigil at the crease. Jaggi made 90 from 182 balls with the help of 17 overs but none of the other Jharkhand batsmen managed to provide him the necessary support.For Kerala, CP Shahid gave useful support to Sandeep snaring three wickets.Kerala coach Sujith Somasundar was overjoyed with his side's emphatic win in two and a half days. \"We played brilliantly. All credit to Sandeep. He bowled with purpose. Sreesanth's arrival has made a difference to the side. The way the side has bounced back in the last two matches speaks a lot about their character. I hope we can repeat the effort against Andhra in our last encounter,\" said Sujith, still hoping that his side can make it to the quarters of the Ranji Trophy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749537", "title": "KGMU terminates Dr KK Singh", "text": "LUCKNOW: The executive council of King George's medical University reportedly took final decision on the termination of Dr K K Singh, faculty member in the general surgery department.His services were terminated by the medical university a couple of years ago on charges of misconduct. But he had challenged the decision stating he was not given ample chance to present his defence. Hearing a petition to this effect, the Allahabad High Court had given relief to Dr Singh. In response, the medical university filed a special leave petition in the Supreme Court. The apex court upheld the high court order.Thereafter, the EC at medical university formed a fresh committee to probe charges against Dr Singh. The committee, comprising Justice O P Srivastava, former director general of police SVM Tripathi and renowned educationist Bhoomitra Dev submitted its report in August which was tabled before the EC on August 31. In its report, the committee found that charges against Dr Singh were true and concluded that termination of his services was right.Sources said four charges were leveled against Dr Singh of which three were found to be true. One of them was related to Dr Singh submitting a false certificate of experience to obtain the job while the other was related to his involvement in activities that brought a bad name to the institution. The charge that could not be proved were related to his alleged involvement in the arson in medical university which took place in 2005.During the EC meeting in August, certain members were of the view that Dr Singh should be given a chance to present his point of view on the said report. Sources said Dr Singh challenged the findings of the report but the argument given by him was weak. The response of Dr Singh was reportedly examined here on Monday and the EC members finally decided to terminate services of Dr Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17749014", "title": "CCTVs and guards make shopping safer for women", "text": "GUWAHATI: Installation of CCTVs and private security guards at shopping plazas have ensured women can shop till they drop without being teased or harassed by unwanted elements. \"We have 20 CCTVs in our complex to monitor the movements of customers. Along with that we deploy nine to 10 security guards and increase their number on weekends and festive occasions. Till now, there has not been any untoward incident on our premises. But if there is any incident, we will isolate the unruly elements and hand them over to the police,\" said Kaushik Chatterjee, manager, Vishal Mega Mart, which attracts around 3,000 shoppers each day.HUB Shopping Mall has more than 48 CCTVs. They also have women guards and a senior floor-in-charge for every floor. \"We have six women guards. As of now we have not received any complaint of teasing or harassment. Once we heard about the presence of a group of unruly elements near our mall. Perhaps the large presence of shoppers and people stopped them from creating any nuisance,\" said Mukesh Sharma, general manager of HUB Shopping Mall.The infamous G S Road molestation case that made headlines in the middle of this year, earned the city the notorious reputation of being a haven for molesters. After that incident, most public places like restaurants and shopping plazas stepped up security. \"There are 24 CCTVs, besides we have deployed security guards from two private agencies and there are over 30 guards in a single shift. Our main goal is to ensure operations are conducted smoothly. We contact the local police as well for emergencies. We also have security guards in civil clothes to monitor movements of shoppers. After the G S Road incident, the management beefed up security and there's been pressure from the higher-ups to keep a watch on trouble-makers,\" said Shyam Kumar Singh, store manager of Big Bazaar.The opening of multiplexes has also helped women enjoy movies without being harassed. \"Singe halls did not enjoy the security cover that multiplexes do. We can sit back and enjoy films now,\" said Sangeeta Kakoty, a student, and her friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "tenali", "code": "17750344", "title": "Tech-savvy Tenali to switch on streetlights with just one click", "text": "Tenali: In yet another move to make his home town safe, assembly speaker Nadendla Manohar ensured that all the important streets in the town came under the surveillance of closed circuit cameras. At least 16 CCTV cameras were installed at all important junctions in the town along with a dedicated control room in the cellar of a newly constructed vegetable market. The Tenali municipality granted Rs 16 lakh for taking up the e-surveillance project and the CCTVs will be manned and operated by the police department.The decision to install CCTV cameras was taken at a recent traffic advisory committee meeting headed by Manohar where he received complaints about traffic management in the town. In addition to the traffic management, the speaker felt that the setting up of the CCTV cameras would help bring down the crimes in the town and asked the municipal officials to immediately release the funds required by the police department.The CCTV cameras were installed at Gandhi Chowk, Sivaji Chowk, Swaraj talkies centre, RDO office centre, Rajaka Cheruvu, market complex, Umesh Chandra statue centre, Vahab Chowk and Chinaravur Park centre.Meanwhile, the police has proposed to set up another 16 cameras to cover the entire town and exterior colonies. Very recently, Tenali municipal authorities launched a novel project to manage the streetlights online in the town. This is considered to be the first in the state to manage the streetlights through online. With the help of the computerised system, a single click is enough to light all the street lights in the town. A special software has been designed to operate all the 4,670 streetlights with one click. The 'SWAT' (Streetlight Wireless Automatic Transmission) software was put to use to switch on and off all the lights through online. \"If there is any fault in lights, it will be reflected in the computer,\" said a municipal official.Launching the surveillance cameras control room here on Monday, speaker Manohar said that latest technology should be put to use for better governance. He asked the police to make use of the visuals available on the CCTV cameras to nab the offenders and perpetrators of violence on the streets. He said that nabbing chain-snatchers too would become easy if the police properly utilize the technology. \"Despite huge money being spent on them, projects like the CCTV camera were not being put to proper usage elsewhere in the state. It seems that the police were yet to tune themselves to take advantage of the technology,\" observed Manohar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17750542", "title": "24 hours on, cops yet to arrest SDM's driver", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even after 24 hours since the official vehicle of the sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) of Panchkula district knocked down a 27-year-old pregnant woman, the errant driver continues to remain scot-free. And despite the fact that onlookers had told police and media that Ved Parkash was driving rashly, the Chandigarh police have failed to take any action against the culprit.Surprisingly, cops maintained that they are waiting for the victim Madhavi, who was admitted at Government Multi-specialty Hospital in Sector 16, to give her statement. Cops had twice tried to take Madhavi's statement on Monday but the victim, who is five-week pregnant, refused to give her version saying that she was not feeling comfortable and was not in a state to speak.\"According to the law, we register a case and take appropriate action only when we get complaint of rash and negligent driving against the driver. In this case, we have not received any such complaint yet. Though we tried to record the statement of the victim, she requested us to take it afterwards as she was not feeling well,\" Vijay Kumar , deputy superintendent of police (east), told TOI.The accident happened around 2pm on Sunday when SDM Sharanjit Brar's car turned turtle on the Madhya Marg in Sector 27. Her (PSO) Madan Lal was also travelling in the same vehicle. Brar was on her way to Sector 17 in Chandigarh after attending a public function at Sector 25, Panchkula. The vehicle hit pedestrian Madhavi, a resident of Baltana village near Panchkula, who had sustained serious injuries to the head and on various parts of her body. She was discharged late Monday. According to eyewitnesses, Madhavi was on the zebra crossing, passing through the road, when the car rammed her. After hitting her, the car overturned on the roadside.Sub-inspector Sukh Dyal, investigation officer of the case, told TOI, \"We do not have any eyewitness in this case. We had again gone to the victim late in the evening, when she was discharged. She has given a written statement that she would herself approach police to file a complain. Now we cannot force her to do it.\"Hackles over casual attitudeEven after 24 hours since the official vehicle of the sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) of Panchkula district knocked down a 27-year-old pregnant woman, the errant driver continues to remain scot-free.And despite the fact that onlookers had told police and media that Ved Parkash was driving rashly, the Chandigarh police have failed to take any action against the culprit. Sub-inspector Sukh Dyal, investigation officer of the case, told TOI, \"We do not have any eyewitness in this case. We had again gone to the victim late in the evening, when she was discharged. She has given a written statement that she would herself approach police to file a complain. Now we cannot force her to do it.\"Brar sustained injury on her nose bone and was discharged from PGI after preliminary first aid.Driver let off without med testPolice let off the driver without getting proper medical examination to ascertain whether he was under the influence of alcohol or drug. Police also did not consider the statements of the onlookers to register a case.Times ViewDon't let this case go into cold storagePolice have often let hit-and-run cases get into the cold storage, saying the perpetrator cannot be traced. But, what about a case where it had a chance to act? In the case of Panchkula SDM's car ramming a pregnant lady, the police have been shying from registering a case against the driver as the victim is not in a state to register her complaint. But, with the accident happening in broad daylight, what about the eye witnesses? If it had the intent, police could have taken their account. By letting over a day pass, the police have also ensured that it can never be proved if the SDM's driver was drunk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17752578", "title": "Four jawans killed in shooting at Chhattisgarh CRPF camp", "text": "RAIPUR: Four CRPF jawans were killed and one was injured after their colleague opened fire at them in Chhattisgarh's Dantewada district.The shooting occurred on Monday night at the camp of 111 CRPF Battalion when a jawan Deep Kumar Tiwari opened fire on the jawans who were sleeping, Dantewada SP Narendra Khare told .While three jawans died on the spot, one died while being taken to hospital, Khare said, adding that the injured has been referred to a Jagdalpur hospital.While the exact cause is being ascertained Khare said the accused was suffering from some \"psychological problems\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "17749662", "title": "Kalyani varsity students lock up HoD", "text": "Nadia: It was Nadia's day of shame with two simultaneous protests - one at a Ranaghat school and the other at Kalyani Universiy (KU).Forty-three postgraduate students of Bengali on Monday locked up the head of the department and 30 others, including teachers and non-teaching staff, for over 7 hours demanding that they be allowed to sit for the final examinations that will begin on January 7. The students have very low attendance and thus were not allowed for the test.The gherao was lifted around 6pm, only after the university authorities asked the students to submit their appeal in writing. We will take up the matter in the academic, executive and court council meet and only then a decision will be taken, said vice-chancellor Aloke Kumar Banerjee.HoD Prabir Pramanick said that students were earlier warned that strict action would be taken if they didn't have the requisite 75% attendance. While the authorities have made a concession for those having at least 50% attendance, it was said that those below the 50 mark will not be allowed. Thus 16 first-year and 27 second-year students agitated on Monday.There is the standing rule in the University that the students should attend the 75 per cent of classes to qualify themselves to sit in the Examinations. The attendance from 60 to 74 percent are considered with fine. But Kalyani University had announced this Mid - December that the students having 50 per cent of attendance in Classes would be allowed to sit in Examinations. But below that would not be allowed.The 16 students of first Semester of Bengali MA and 27 from third Semester of the Bengali MA were not allowed for the Examinations due to absence below the 50 per cent. Prabir Pramanick, the Head of the Bengali Department said,\" We had warned the students at the beginning of the session that the concerned attendance Rule would be followed seriously this year.\"The lock and Gherow continued up to 5 PM. Then the officials of Kalyani University including the Comptroller of Examination Bimalendu Biswas sat with the agitating students. With consent of Vice Chancellor they advised the students to appeal their demand in black and white and the authority would discuss over the same. Then the agitation was stopped.Prabir Pramanick, the Head said,\" The meeting on the issue is scheduled on 28 December.\" He added that they students were told to sit for the exams with next semesters that their years do not get spoiled. But they did not bother and took the path of agitation. To maintain the rule of attendance is very important for maintaining the discipline in the University arena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17751188", "title": "Joy in the air at Madurai as city revs up for Christmas", "text": "MADURAI: Joy is in the air as Madurai prepares for celebrations on Christmas Eve. While many churches under the Roman Catholic denomination prepare for midnight mass service, the grand prayer service will be held early in the morning at other denominations like the Church of South India ( CSI ).In his Christmas message, Archbishop Peter Fernando said Christ was born in poverty as the hope for the oppressed. He was born as the light in the dark, especially, as the world was surrounded by so much negativity. In the same way, pastors of other denominations also sent out their Christmas messages, hailing the birth of Jesus that brings joy, redemption from sins, health and success. Along with the prayer services, the fellowships will greet their members and share cakes in the churches. The homes of the laity are decorated with Christmas cribs, trees and stars. The celebrations will be family-centred with grand dinners and visiting by relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17748565", "title": "Cops suspect Malad teen who killed woman was drunk", "text": "MUMBAI: Suspecting that the 17-year-old boy, who rammed his Skoda into a woman on the Malad Link Road on Sunday and killed her, was drunk, police have sent his blood samples for chemical analysis to the state forensic laboratory. The teenager was smelling of liquor, officials said. However, his medical report said he \"was not under the influence of alcohol.\" The teen also hit a car on the same stretch, injuring its occupants, a doctor and his wife. Bangur Nagar police traced the accused later in the day with the help of CCTV footage.The exact percentage of alcohol present in the blood will be arrived at during the chemical analysis. The accused is the son of an imitation jewellery businessman from Malad and is currently lodged at Dongri observation home.Anita Chavan, 45, the deceased, was a conservancy worker and mother of four. She was on her way to work at Evershine Nagar, Malad, at 6.50 am, when the Skoda hit her and pinned her against a tree. \"Anita and I used to leave home around the same time to head to our separate workplaces. She was alone at the time of the accident and we only learnt about it from neighbours. Her injuries suggest the teen was driving at an extremely high speed,\" her husband, Suresh, said. The Chavans reside at Gudiya Pada and have modest means. \"The accused's family did not approach us after the last rites, even to apologize,\" Anita's son, Pawan, said. All of Anita's kids work and are unable to afford basic education.Following Anita's death, a crowd of locals demonstrated on the Link Road on Sunday morning. A few quick thinking social workers pointed out to investigators that CCTVs had been installed by an industrial estate close to the accident spot. The CCTV footage showed the Skoda ramming into Chavan and then into a doctor's car, but its number-plate wasn't clear. However, the doctor provided cops with the registration number and the car was traced by afternoon. The accused had covered it and kept it inside his society compound. Police identified it on spotting considerable damage to its left side and a broken rear windshield.\"The accused was returning from a birthday party when he hit Chavan. His father has been penalized Rs 1,000 under the Bombay Police Act for letting a minor drive his vehicle, knowing that the latter did not possess a valid licence. The social workers intend to petition the BMC to construct a speedbreaker at the accident spot as many pedestrians have lost their lives in mishaps in the past,\" a policeman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17751603", "title": "Sweet water wasted in arid Rann", "text": "RAJKOT: Crores of gallons of precious water, which could have irrigated at least 10,000 acres of farmland and provided drinking water to lakhs of households for months, is simply flowing into the arid saltpans of Little Rann of Kutch.Locals say the water has been overflowing from the sub canals of the Zinzuwada branch canal for the past 45 days, but authorities have turned a blind eye to the waste. The water from the sub-canals is given to farmers but there is no system of conserving the excess, which is allowed to drain out into the Little Rann.The water has also entered the saltpans in the region, ruining the livelihoods of hundreds of people. It is during early winter that salt is harvested from the pans. Besides, the water has flooded the crucial 20-km natural corridor of the endangered wild asses in the famous sanctuary here.\"A 20 km strip of 600 meter wide water spill with one foot depth would mean 3.6 millon cubic meters of water which can provide 10 litres per capita per day of drinking water for 10 lakh people for over one year,\" said Tushar Shah, senior fellow, International Water Management Institute.Only in January, five wild asses drowned when a herd of 17 had slipped into a soggy cavity while trying to cross under a bridge being constructed across a Narmada branch canal in the sanctuary, said Ambu Patel, a resident of Kharaghoda.\"At least 280 saltpans are marooned,\" said Bachu Degama, a saltpan worker in Patdi taluka of Surendranagar. Ranshi Padalia, another worker in Thad village said, \"We are unable to harvest salt as our salt pans are submerged in sweet water. Each saltpan owner will have to bear a loss of Rs 20,000 to Rs 25,000.\"S U Chauhan, superintending engineer (circle 4), Narmada distributaries, said they will look into the matter. However, sources in Narmada water resources department blamed farmers for the waste saying that they regularly break the gates erected along the branch canals to get water for their fields.Times ViewGujarat was lucky to escape a devastating drought by the skin of its teeth in the summer of 2012. However, one can't bank on luck all the time. Given the severe water crisis that the state faces every year in the north and Saurashtra, this increasingly precious resource can't be wasted like this. The Narmada dam authorities should immediately put in place a more efficient monitoring system so that excess water is diverted towards the needy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17749875", "title": "Enjoy a chilly, sunny Christmas", "text": "KOLKATA: The city woke up to yet another chilly morning on Monday. Even though the mercury pushed up by a degree, the nippy wind continued to blow across Kolkata. The fog, too, remained though visibility improved as the sun finally broke through the clouds.The weather office had good news for those enjoying the chill. It will continue to sweep across Kolkata and the rest of Bengal, it was announced. Though foggy conditions may prevail early in the morning, the fog is likely to disappear towards the afternoon over the next two days. The Met office also predicted a sunny sky on Christmas . Flight operations might however be disrupted in the mornings due to reduced visibility.\"Moderate to dense fog is expected throughout the state. While districts like Murshidabad and Malda would be the worst affected, south Bengal, too, would be foggy with visibility being reduced to less than 200 metres,\" said G C Debnath, director, Regional Meteorological Centre, Kolkata.The Met office has issued a fog warning for entire West Bengal. Dense fog in some parts of Gangetic West Bengal could reduce surface visibility to less than 500 metres. This is due to a cyclonic circulation over this region, said Debnath.\"The cyclonic circulation has brought in abundant moisture in the air causing the fog. But the sky will become clear by noon. There would be interrupted flow of chilly wind from the northern region and hence the cold conditions will remain unchanged,\" said Debnath.While the minimum temperature had dipped to 12\u00c2\u00b0C on Sunday, making it the coldest day of the season so far, the mercury pushed up to 13\u00c2\u00b0C on Monday. It could hover around the 13\u00c2\u00b0C mark over the next two days. The corresponding day temperature on the two days, however, will climb a little higher to about 20\u00c2\u00b0C and 23\u00c2\u00b0 C respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17751624", "title": "No tuition classes after 9 pm in Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: In wake of the tragic gang rape in New Delhi, the city police have announced a series of measure to ensure the safety of women. Police will also start a helpline that women can use in case they need help.The city police issued two notifications on Monday in an attempt to ensure that the girls at education institutes and inmates of the women's hostels feel safe. To ensure that students are safe at tuition classes, police commissioner Satish Sharma has issued a notification stating that the tuition classes should not operate before 7am and after 9pm.Sharma has also issued a notification stating that males should not hang around without proper explanation within 50 metres of education institutes or women's hostels. The orders, officials said that have been issued to ensure that girls did not become targets of eve teasing or similar incidents.Sharma said that two helplines were also being started by the city police for women. The women can use the phone numbers 1091 or 2458026 if they are in trouble.Vadodara citizens have been vociferously protesting the gruesome crime against the 23-year-old New Delhi girl. Students, senior citizens, voluntary organizations, women's groups and even school children have joined the rallies and silent marches held since December 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749422", "title": "Accident stirs memories of Nayak, Barve-Inamdar", "text": "PUNE: Monday's accident has awakened memories of other Marathi actors who lost their lives in accidents on the Pune-Mumbai expressway. Popular actors Vihang Nayak and Bhakti Barve-Inamdar, too, lost their lives in separate accidents on the expressway.Nayak (64) was killed in an accident on June 9, 2008. The accident took place on the expressway in Kalamboli, Navi Mumbai. Nayak and his driver were travelling towards Pune in a four-wheeler for a film shoot. A little before 6.25 am, the front-left tyre of the car either had a puncture or burst. As a result, the vehicle went out of control and caused the fatal accident.Nayak is remembered for his role in popular Marathi serial 'Awaghachi Sansar'. A civil engineer working for a private firm, he made his acting debut in Govind Nihalani's Aakrosh in 1980. God Only Knows (2004) was another film in which he had a significant role.In February 2001, Barve-Inamdar (53) a renowned theatre, film and television actress, died in an accident on the expressway near Panvel. She was known for her remarkable contribution to the Marathi, Hindi, and Gujarati entertainment industries. Her role in Hindi film 'Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro' (1983) made her popular. She was associated with leading groups like the Theatre Unit, Indian National Theatre, and Rangayan, and is remembered for performances on the stage in 'Ti Phularani', 'Aai Retire Hote Aahe' and 'Hands Up'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17750837", "title": "Antarctic ice warming faster than thought", "text": "WASHINGTON: The West Antarctic Ice Sheet, whose melt currently contributes substantially to sea level rise each year, is warming twice as quickly as previously thought, a new study has found. The temperature record from Byrd Station, a scientific outpost in the centre of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet (WAIS), demonstrates a marked increase of 2.4C in average annual temperature since 1958 - three times faster than the average temperature rise around the globe.This temperature increase is nearly double what previous research has suggested, and reveals - for the first time - warming trends during the summer months of the Southern Hemisphere, said David Bromwich, professor of geography at Ohio State University.\"Our record suggests that continued summer warming in West Antarctica could upset the surface mass balance of the ice sheet, so that the region could make an even bigger contribution to sea level rise,\" said Bromwich.\"Even without generating significant mass loss directly, surface melting on the WAIS could contribute to sea level indirectly, by weakening the West Antarctic ice shelves that restrain the region's natural ice flow into the ocean, he said.Andrew Monaghan, study co-author, said that these findings place West Antarctica among the fastest-warming regions on Earth. \"We've already seen enhanced surface melting contribute to the breakup of the Antarctic's Larsen B Ice Shelf, where glaciers at the edge discharged massive sections of ice into the ocean,\" he said. \"The stakes would be much higher if a similar event occurred to an ice shelf restraining one of the WAIS glaciers,\" he said.Violent storms in the Arctic control world weather?Violent polar storms help control the world's weather, a new study has found. These mini-hurricanes occur in the Arctic winter, when freezing air flows out of the region and over the warmer Atlantic Ocean. As the Arctic warms in the coming decades, there are expected to be fewer of them. However, without the storms, the rest of the world could face weather disruption. They are vital to the global thermohaline circulation in the ocean, which underpins ocean currents and weather systems, experts said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "sambalpur/baripada", "code": "17750684", "title": "State hinterland feels the chill", "text": "SAMBALPUR/BARIPADA: The town and its adjoining areas are reeling under severe cold wave conditions.The minimum temperature, that was remaining above 15 degree Celsius during past several weeks, in the town suddenly came down to below 10 degree Celsius on Friday. The temperature further dipped to 7.7 degree Celsius on Saturday and plummeted to 7 degree Celsius on Sunday. The weatherman has predicted further fall in mercury in coming days.\"We expect further drop in temperature in western Odisha. Cold wave continues to prevail in the region till mid-January,\" meteorological officer of Sambalpur K Singh said on Monday.Sources said the lowest temperature of the town was recorded on January 26, 2001, at 3.6 degree Celsius. In 2000, the lowest temperature was 3.8 degree Celsius. With the fall in mercury, woolen garment sellers are making brisk business. \"We are happy because we were not expecting such a sudden change in weather conditions. Sweaters and other woolen garments are selling like hot cakes,\" said a businessman in Gole bazaar, the main market of the town.Reports from Baripada said mercury plummeted to 5 degree Celsius in the interiormost regions of Similipal on Sunday night, Simlipal Tiger Reserve (STR) sources said on Monday. Places like Dhudruchampa, Patbil, Nawana, Upper Barha Kamuda and Debasthali and their adjoining grasslands were frost-bitten, sources added.The STR field director Anup Kumar Nayak said, \"We have provided overcoats, pullovers and blankets to all the staff stationed in the core area of the reserve.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750697", "title": "Rajmahal roundabout to be closed", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has decided to block the roundabout under Rajmahal flyover for smooth movement of traffic. A joint team of the BMC and police visited the site on Monday and proposed the works department to block the movement at the turnabout from the directions of AG Square towards Rajmahal and vice-versa.Though roundabouts are designed to make intersections safer and more efficient for drivers, pedestrians and cyclists, the turnabout has been triggering accidents ever since the flyover was commissioned a few months back.\"Like the road under Jayadev Vihar flyover, we will block the turnabout under Rajmahal over-bridge. The traffic police too have given their consent,\" BMC commissioner Sanjib Mishra said.The team also inspected Kalpana Fire Station Square and decided to widen the road on 'left turn' towards Rajmahal. \"The left turn has been squeezed by vendors, leading to traffic snarls in peak hours. The turn will be made spacious for smooth flow of vehicles,\" Mishra said. Similarly, the road near the Museum Chhawk would be expanded by razing some unauthorized structures on the route.Earlier, police had identified two 'unviable' bus stops near Kalpana Square and Museum Chhawk for demolition to pave way for spacious roads. There is also a proposal to remove encroachments from roadsides near Sishu Bhawan Square and relocate the existing traffic post to a nearby location.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17748819", "title": "Rape victim should have been careful: Andhra Pradesh Congress chief", "text": "HYDERABAD: While his party bosses in the national capital have been nearly pulverized by raging protests against the gang-rape of a Delhi girl, Andhra Pradesh Congress chief Botsa Satyanarayana on Monday opened his mouth to put his foot right in, saying women are asking for trouble if they venture out at night. Worse, he described the assault on the physiotherapy student as a \"minor incident\" for which party president Sonia Gandhi had reached out to agitating people.\"Just because India achieved freedom at midnight does not mean that women can venture out after dark. They should ensure that they do not board buses with few passengers,\" Botsa said to the shock of reporters at a press conference at Congress headquarters here.Botsa's comment came in context of growing protests against the gang-rape and violence against women in general. He then tried to cover up for his remark by praising Sonia. \"Although it (Delhi gang-rape) was a minor incident, Soniaji made it a point to meet the protesters when they called on her,\" Botsa said.There was no stopping Botsa as he continued, \"The woman should have thought twice before boarding the suspicious private bus that night. Though the incident was condemnable, she should also have behaved keeping in mind the situation.\"He also slammed the protesters \"taking the law into their hands\" at Vijay Chowk in Delhi and then decreed that since the UPA chairperson had taken note of the incident, there should be no further agitations either in Delhi or in Andhra Pradesh.Within minutes, Botsa's remarks were flashed across all news channels in Andhra Pradesh and a rattled PCC chief called for a second press conference to tender an apology.\"I made the comments as a responsible father. The incident was not small, it should not be treated like that,\" he said and apologized. All governments should endeavor to create an atmosphere where anybody can move around at midnight as well, he added.But there were no takers for Botsa's apology. Women's rights activist V Sandhya said, \"Botsa Satyanarayana's statement unmasks the true colour of our politicians, and their attitude towards women. It shows his lack of understanding of the issue. He said women must not roam around during night just because we got the Independence at midnight, but he doesn't know that the Constitution has given women right to equality. It is shameful to hear such words from the man who is the PCC president.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750648", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcGive aid for Green card\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Protesting against the state government abolishing the green card system in November, beneficiaries on Monday demanded Rs 1000 financial assistance per month.Talking to mediapersons here, Odisha Sabuja Patrika Mahila Mahasangha chairperson Laxmi Devi said during their earlier rallies in November, 2011 and February this year, the government had assured to look into their demands of better incentives. Green card holders are those who adopt birth control measures through surgery after two children. \"The government must give Rs 1000 allowance per month to the women card holders. Otherwise, the women will give the government a befitting reply in the coming elections,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17750911", "title": "Patna continues to boil over gang rape", "text": "PATNA: Protests over the Delhi gang rape case refuses to die down as supporters of All India Students Federation (AISF) on Monday marched through the thoroughfares demanding exemplary punishment for the culprits.Holding aloft posters and placards reading 'Respect the sex that gave birth to you' and 'Don't get raped', students walked down from Kargil Chowk to R-Block.They were agitated when the police tried to barricade Dak Bungalow crossing while the students wanted to reach R-Block.Nitish, an AISF party worker, said, \"We will hold more protest marches in the state capital. We will keep protesting till the culprits are punished.\"Anita, a protester, said, \"It is the young generation who will force the government to change the old age provisions of law.\"The students were from every age group. Some of the placards read, 'Don't hang but torture them' and 'Don't tell me how to dress but tell them not to rape'.Even commuters stuck up in the traffic jam due to their procession supported their cause. \"No matter all these protests cause inconvenience to us on roads, we support them and express solidarity with the hundreds of students demanding justice to the Delhi gang rape victim. At least, these students are not demanding anything for their vested political interest. We are ready to get late due to such agitations,\" said Amar Jain, seating in his car near Kotwali police station.As more and more people joined in to express their solidarity and support for the victim, the procession stretched to over one kilometre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750347", "title": "Victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s father appeals for calm", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the protest at India Gate turned violent on Sunday, father of the 23-year-old victim appealed for calm. Though he wants protests to continue till the government comes up with a stricter law against rape, he wants it to be a peaceful one. He also demanded death penalty for the accused.\"I appeal to the people supporting her to not indulge in violence. I want them to support us peacefully and pray for my daughter's recovery. I appeal to all to refrain from vandalism and help the police, so that the process of capturing and sentencing the culprits is successful,'' said the victim's father, who works as a loader with a private firm at IGI airport, in a television interview.With her condition fluctuating, her family is praying that she makes it. \"My daughter is conscious. She is a fighter. She has overcome many obstacles, be it poverty or in her studies, and she will keep fighting,'' said her father. But he wants her daughter's tormentors to get death penalty. \"They should be given capital punishment. If they remain alive and are later freed, they will again commit such crimes. It will be injustice if they get a lesser punishment,'' he said. The massive public support has given the family hope that things will change. \"We don't want anybody else to go through the same thing. The law should be so tough and punishment so harsh that men don't dare to do this with any other girl. We support the protest, but it should be peaceful. We don't want anybody to get hurt,'' her younger brother told TOI.The last one week has been really tough for the family. While her condition is deteriorating by the day, the family is hoping that she will survive and are worried about the future. \"We want the best doctors to treat her. If there is a need, she should be taken abroad for treatment. We want her to live,'' said her younger brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17750987", "title": "Sir, can you stop the story for a day?", "text": "Exactly two months ago, TOI had exposed the TVI Express (Travel Ventures International), a network selling membership scam that made a big chain in the city. The Ponzi scheme, running into crores of rupees, was controlled by a section of Central Railway's operating department officials.One would ask what the TVI had to do with the railways? I dug deep and discovered how railway officials hounded the staff to become TVI members. The bait was to pay Rs 15,500 membership fee in lieu of 5 nights and six-day vacation, with plane tickets. Shockingly, the plane never took off and crores were lost.The story landed up with me when a source saw a group of women slugging it out with a senior movement inspector (MI) in the DRM office premises. One of the irate women even tried to hurl a chappal at him for committing fraud. The MI had promised double returns in eight days by luring the poor women into the scheme.I found that over a dozen MIs and a young lady with the signalling department had virtually fleeced many employees by misusing official position and machinery. Many were made members even after the TVI shut shop in 2010. The scam grew like a weed difficult to root out.On October 26 evening, when I was filing the story, I talked to 2 MIs, who were masterminds. Both admitted to selling memberships to make a quick buck. My phone call pressed the panic button and the MIs involved, who chose the immoral way to become rich, huddled to stop the story.After a while, the MI himself called me. He said, \"Saheb, let's talk when I return from Wardha. Till then you stop the story?\" Around 10 pm, the MI called me again to say, \"Saheb, I've reached Nagpur. Where can we meet? Has the story been stopped? It will spoil my career? I'm even ready to come to your place?The next day, the story was on the front page. It made a lot of buzz. The MIs ducked for cover till their 'godfather' (senior divisional operating manager), who was on leave, returned. I was flooded with calls from hapless employee-victims who blessed me for the expose. I used to attend at least 10-12 calls daily from employees giving me tips about corruption and illegal acts of MIs and operating managers.Except for shifting 2 MIs, the SrDOM adopted the 'teri bhi chup aur meri bhi chup' (you pat my back and I will pat yours) policy. Attempts are being made to bring back these MIs, who flatter the bosses.Even after follow up stories based on the complaints, neither the DRM nor the SrDOM showed any conviction to launch a serious probe. For name-sake, an inquiry has been handed over to an assistant personnel officer (APO) only to bury it later.Complainants told me they were threatened to withdraw. Some cronies close to SrDOM did not waste time to even contact my elder brother in Pune to stop writing about the scam. Emotional messages were also sent through colleagues covering the railway beat not to report the scam. The PRO also wanted a story on operating department's achievements to negate the damage.It is really surprising why top officials are silent? Such an understanding can only take place when mutual interests of people are served!(Vijay Pinjarkar goes beyond the tracks to bring the railway administration on track)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17749176", "title": "Cold wave set to continue across state", "text": "RANCHI: Cold wave condition will prevail over most parts of Jharkhand including the state capital owing to sudden fall in day time temperature because of strong north westerly winds sweeping the region on Monday.The maximum and minimum temperatures have fallen at least around two degree Celsius below normal in most parts of the state because of continuous strong winds. Temperature in the outskirts of the city, including Kanke and Ratu, was around 3 degree Celsius and most people avoided moving out of their houses till late in the morning.Regional director of IMD G K Mohanty said there has been a sudden fall of temperature over the last two-three days in most parts of the state because of the prevailing north westerly wind which is bringing the chill with it from North India. The maximum and minimum temperatures recorded at Ranchi were around 22 degree Celsius and 6.8 degree Celsius respectively. The maximum and minimum temperatures in Daltonganj were around 19 degree Celsius and 6 degree Celsius.\"The maximum and minimum temperatures in almost all places in the state capital and even in other districts are around two degree Celsius below normal. The wind speed recorded in the city was at around 20 kilometres per hour during the day. It is expected that the condition will remain almost the same over the next two days,\" said Mohanty.He predicted that condition in the low lying areas especially in the valley region will be cold. \"The temperature will be a little less in the low lying areas than what it is in towns and cities. People should take precaution as the cold wave condition will continue to prevail over the next two days and the chill will be felt more in the outskirts than in cities and towns,\" said Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749685", "title": "We face sexual &amp; racial harassment: Foreign women", "text": "JAIPUR: As the clamour for justice for victims of harassment is growing stronger nationwide, there's a section of women who feel that they are yet to become a part of the mainstream.Women from other countries who for various reasons are staying in Rajasthan for a long period say they have always got a raw deal.Besides sexist comments, they also face racist remarks from locals. \"Our white skin is a major hurdle for co-existing with others. Majority here perceive our bold and outspoken attitude as an open invitation to men,\" said Claire Abraham, a US national who has taken to wearing salwar kameez while going to markets to help her melt into the crowd.She speaks fluent Hindi and is running a helpline service for animals in Udaipur since a decade. She said on several occasions she has been harassed by men in buses and trains.People of foreign origin settled in various cities look for ways and means to counter lewd comments from hooligans. Wearing traditional Indian attire, speaking in Hindi are some of the ways these women adopt to ensure their safety.Romana Seths, a Kazak national, who has been dealing with handicrafts for at least six months in Jaipur has often found herself at the receiving end of dirty looks and men who misinterpret her friendliness for being 'sexually available'.\"Initially, I thought people are very friendly here. They came to me and offered food, water, lift and sometimes free accommodation. Later, I realized few of them completely misunderstood my responses and demanded undue favours,\" Romana said and added that now she prefers wearing Indian clothes while travelling in the interiors of the state.Monika Karwinsta, a Polish and a member of AIESEC working in Jaipur for past two months has stopped wearing modern Western outfits while going to crowded marketplaces.\"I wear kurti and denim and even drape a piece of cloth around when I have to be out for field work,\" she said. After a molestation bid on her friend recently, she is now scared to go alone anywhere in Jaipur.Several cities in Rajasthan including Jaipur have decent number of foreigners staying for various reasons, including business and education. In the absence of a helpline, most cases of eve-teasing and groping in public go unreported. Most of them even hesitate to go to the police for the fear of getting into a legal tangle.In such a scenario, some organizations that run exchange programmes ask students/workers coming from abroad to follow a list of do's and don'ts to avoid inconvenience. \"We tell them that revealing any part of body in public-arms and legs will invite trouble. And, talking and exchanging numbers to strangers is very risky,\" said an official of an NGO which invites interns from abroad to work in Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17751234", "title": "Indian doctors routinely failing key UK exams: Report", "text": "LONDON: Hundreds of foreign doctors, including those from India and Pakistan, are routinely failing key medical exams in the UK, according to a British media report.\"Success rates are so poor that medical associations want doctors to be allowed six attempts at passing the tests rather than the current four,\" 'The Mail on Sunday' reported. The findings raise fears that trainee medics, mainly from India, Pakistan and Nigeria, are not qualified to treat patients despite spending three years working for the National Health Service (NHS) before taking the exam. Until they pass the exams, which qualify them to practice independently as hospital physicians or GPs, trainees continue to see patients - under supervision - in placements at hospitals and surgeries.However, figures show that foreign doctors are substantially more likely to fail than UK graduates, with communication cited as one of the problems. While just 9% of British doctors fail to pass the knowledge and practical exams, more than 63% of foreign doctors do not reach the standard to pass.Foreign medical associations are now demanding that doctors are given two additional opportunities to pass the tests amid claims that examiners may be discriminating against non-UK graduates, the report said.However, their claims have been refuted by UK specialists who say a study showed \"no substantial effects of gender or ethnicity on examiner/candidate interactions\", and that passing the exams is dependent on having the appropriate skills.\"This is scandalous. If a doctor can go on failing they shouldn't be treating patients in the NHS and that should be stopped,\" Joyce Robins, co-director of campaign group Patient Concern, said. \"There has to be a cut-off point and four attempts is too many,\" he said.Figures show that 63% of foreign doctors failed the test. Of the Indian doctors taking the test, 63% failed at the first attempt. For those from Pakistan, there was a 62% failure rate, while 68% of Nigerian doctors failed at the first try.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749547", "title": "Central Command's jubilee events enthral Lucknowites", "text": "LUCKNOW: On the occasion of golden jubilee celebrations of Central Command, a number of performances were held at the AMC Stadium, Cantonment on Monday. Not only the participants for the marathon turned up in huge numbers, but there was a huge rush of people who watched events such as martial arts, motorcycle display and others.The highlight of the event was half-marathon flagged off by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , who drove all the way from Saifai in foggy night to take part in the event. His wife, Kannauj MP Dimple, also graced the occasion.Later, Lucknowites saw the enthralling performance of the military band, which played on martial tunes and music composed by eminent Bollywood icons. Exhibiting the unique yoga skills, students of Army Public School did a performance. Next was khukri display by the soldiers of 39 Gorkha Training Centre (GTC) while the soldiers of 22 Sikh displayed martial arts, which was applauded by the audience. The motorcycle display by the jawans of Punjab Regimental Centre was the key attraction. However, people were disappointed after para-biking could not be held due to bad weather conditions.Sharing his experience, Colonel Piyush said, \"It was a wonderful performance by the soldiers and students of APS. All of them truly paid their homage to the martyrs by putting their best.\" Applauding the performances, Shivangi Dubey, a working professional said, \"The performances to pay tribute to the martyrs were a treat to watch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753283", "title": "'Muni 3' has winner written all over", "text": "Raghava Lawrence's horror comedy Muni 3 was formally launched at Ramanaidu Studios in Hyderabad. Written and directed by Lawrencce, starting Lawrencce himself and Tapsee Pannu, the movie went on floors last week. Bellamkonda Suresh, who earlier produced Lawrence's Kanchana, will produce film under Sri Sai Ganesh Productions Pvt Ltd banner. The producer is confident of Muni 3's success and he attributes it to its director, Raghava Lawrencce.Bellamkonda Suresh said \" Muni series has been very successful to date and thanks to Raghava Lawrencce for that. Though the last two films in the series may have been dubbed in Telugu, they went on to be big money spinners. I'm sure the third part will also be as successful as the previous installments.\"The full length shooting of the film will start from January next year for which Vijay Anthony will compose music for the film and cinematography by Kiccha. It is said that Tapsee has a very strong role. While the film will be scarier than the last two films, it will maintain good amount of comedy.While the Telugu dubbed version of ' Muni ' did average business, the Telugu dubbed version of ' Muni 2: Kanchana ' raked in over Rs.5 crore at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17750060", "title": "Now, schools set to get green cadets", "text": "KOLKATA: It's like planting saplings - a long-term project that will reap benefits for Gen X. Only, this applies to humans.State environment department has embarked upon a project to raise National Green Corps (NGC), an army of students from 5,000 schools all over Bengal. In Kolkata, 364 schools will be covered. As part of the project, eco camps will be set up in schools to involve youngsters in focused environmental activities.State environment minister Sudharshan Ghosh Dastidar said, \"Investing in children is the best way to ensure a better environment tomorrow. By being a part of this project, the school students will be directly involved in anti-plastic movements, planting saplings, protecting trees from being felled and taking care of wetlands.\" According to him, there is an immediate return as well. \"The young minds, true to the cause of the environment, will make their parents aware and dissuade them from indulging in actions that might harm the environment. For instance, they will tell their parents to use jute bags instead of plastic ones, plant saplings etc. If citizens can be involved, half the battle will be won.\"The project will be formally launched at Salt Lake stadium on Wednesday. NGC is a project of the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) for setting up eco clubs in 2001. But Bengal didn't make much headway in it, since only a handful of schools were involved. \"Never before so many schools were covered in a single environment-related project. The eco clubs in the schools will receive Rs 2,500 each to spend on their respective activities. For the first time, the PCB will directly pay schools through account-payee cheques,\" said West Bengal Pollution Control Board chairman Binay Kumar Dutta.He had earlier said the funds would be misused and the schools, that set up the eco clubs, didn't get the money or the encouragement to promote environment activities. State environment department has also disbursed letters to district magistrates asking them to supervise the project in district schools.The PCB has prepared a list of 5,000 schools in the state. All these have responded to the board's proposal for raising NGC. \"The students will take part in awareness programmes, seminars, lectures, debates, sit-and-draw competitions to highlight environment issues,\" said Dutta.Individual schools will organize rallies in which other institutions listed in the eco-club programme may also join. for the cause of prevention of environmental pollution.Cleanliness drives are also a must.The programme had hitherto been in vogue only in Central schools, Navodaya Vidyalaya and other schools under CBSE and ICSE. This is the first time that state-run schools have been included in the initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17749110", "title": "Pedaling away on greenovation", "text": "Palanpur: As his small toy-like solar-powered tricycle passes through the streets and bazaars of Mehsana with his three children seated snugly behind him under a canopy, loud cheers are heard from passersby. Everyone seems to love the novel contraption moving smoothly on the roads.\"Even the traffic policemen wave at us and at times give us money,\" said Shamsuddin Ansari, the owner of this new solar rickshaw. He is a native of Amhera village in Bijnor district of Uttar Pradesh now settled in Mehsana.\"We are poor and cannot afford to drive costly vehicles. This is the cheapest mode of transport and eco-friendly too. I made it from the junk collected from different places including Delhi, Ghaziabad, Kolkata and Mehsana. The solar panel was gifted by a friend in Delhi,\" he said.When asked about his inspiration, he said, \"I had gone to Delhi where my friend runs a company that manufactures solar heaters, batteries etc. While talking to him I suddenly thought why not try and make a simple mode of transport that can be helpful for the poor like me.\"Ansari's zeal and innovative spirit did the rest. \"Right from childhood I have been fond of assembling parts of machinery that are different and workable. This rickshaw is born out of that desire. It is simple in its construction and driven by a solar-powered battery. All other parts are nothing but junk,\" he said.The rickshaw can carry nearly 250 kg of load. The battery has sufficient storage capacity and the vehicle can run even in cloudy weather for a couple of days. \"The tricycle can be used to commute small to medium distances and its top speed is 45 km per hour. If other cities can have solar rickshaws why can't we?\" he said.However, he has a complaint. \"Other state governments help by providing subsidy to poor rickshaw pullers but here I am dependent on charity to make both ends meet. If Gujarat government gives me sufficient encouragement I can show how the cheapest mode of solar rickshaw transport can be realized. It can be further modified with more facilities at a cost not exceeding Rs 1 lakh,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17751151", "title": "Collectorate asks MIDC to install CCTV surveillance at Udyog Bhavan", "text": "Nashik: Additional district collector R V Game has asked the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) to speed up the issue of installation of closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras at strategic locations of Udyog Bhavan in the city.The issue came up at the recent meeting of the Zilla Udyog Mitra (ZUM) at NIMA House.The Udyog Bhavan houses government offices like the MIDC, Food &amp; Drug Administration (FDA), Office of Deputy Labour Commissioner (DLC), Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), Khadi Garm Udyog, National Small Industries Corporation (NSIC), Office of the Deputy Director (Safety) etc.President of Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA), Dhananjay Bele, said, \"There are major government offices at the Udyog Bhavan, but there are no safety measures. The decision to install CCTV cameras had been taken at the previous ZUM meeting three-four months back, but no action has been taken by the MIDC.\"Bele urged the Game to look into the matter.Executive engineer of MIDC, Shivaji Tupe, said, \"We will soon call a meeting of all government offices to decide on installation of the cameras. We will ask all the government offices to install CCTV cameras on their own in their office premises. The decision to install CCTV cameras at the premises of Udyog Bhavan will also be taken at the meeting.\"President of the Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), Suresh Mali, said, \"All major government offices like office of the DLC, MIDC, FDA etc are there in Udyog Bhavan. The workers unions frequently take out morcha to the office of DLC. Moreover, meetings between industrialists and union office-bearers are also held at the office of the DLC. At this juncture, safety of industrialists is a matter of concern. Hence, CCTV cameras should be installed at the earliest. Moreover, police security should also be provided at the office of the DLC whenever there are meetings between the management and union office-bearers.\"All major government offices are in Udyog Bhavan. The workers unions frequently take out morchas to the office of DLC. At this juncture, safety of industrialists is a matter of concern. Hence, CCTV cameras should be installed at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17751060", "title": "20-year-old kills alcoholic mom", "text": "BANGALORE: A 20-year-old has been arrested by the Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) police for allegedly killing his mother after her alcoholic ways came in the ways of his marriage plans.Venkatesh Lakshminarayanappa , the accused, is a teetotaller. But his 42-year-old-mother , Jayamma Lakshminarayanappa, was a chronic alcoholic. The duo hailed form Bychapura, near BIA. Venkatesh worked as a storekeeper with a private factory.On November 30, police were alerted by passersby about the body of Jayamma lying in a wheat field near BIA. Initial investigations led police nowhere. But when Venkatesh began fumbling for answers during renewed questioning sessions, police grew suspicious. After intense grilling, Venkatesh confessed that he strangled his mother, police said.He said his mother had earned notoriety as an alcoholic and regularly created nuisance in public. Her notoriety resulted in every prospective bride of his backing out, he said.\"Late November, Jayamma again created a scene and later walked away to buy some more liquor. Venkatesh followed her and strangled her to death,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749336", "title": "Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University collaborates with British Council for sports research", "text": "PUNE: The Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University (BVU) and the British Council have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) to carry out research in the field of sports in order to improve the standard of sports in India.Addressing a press conference on Monday, BVU vice-chancellor Shivaji Kadam said, \"We have received an initial grant of Rs 40 lakh for a period of one year to kick-start the study.\"The MoU was signed last week and Kadam said that the details of the research would be finalised with the British Council in the coming days. \"We will be able to speak on the focus of the study after that,\" Kadam said.Meanwhile, over 6,000 BVU students will receive their degrees, diplomas and certificates at the 14th convocation ceremony of the university on Friday. As many as 29 gold medals will be awarded to toppers at the hands of the chief guest - Union minister of health and family welfare Ghulam Nabi Azad .Kadam said 48 students would be given PhD degrees at the convocation. The university has 45 undergraduate and 108 postgraduate programmes in multiple disciplines. The university plans to introduce the credit system at undergraduate level across 29 disciplines, Kadam said. The university currently uses the system only at the postgraduate level.He added that BVU has applied for a 'no objection certificate' to the state government to start a super-specialty hospital and work on the project will begin in January. He said Rs 70 crore has been allotted for the first-phase of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17751769", "title": "Gopi Talav to get a new avatar next year", "text": "SURAT: The new avatar of 15th century ancient structure Gopi Talav - built by Malek Gopi, a Suba of Mughal Sultanate in the middle of the city - will be unveiled for the people in 2013.After hitting obstacles related to rehabilitation of slum dwellers that led to a delay of nearly four years, the Rs 22 crore renovation project for the historical lake in Gopipura area of the city is now 80 per cent complete. Once completed, Surtis will be able to feel the nostalgia of history, heritage and modern amenities blended together in the only open space available in the old city.\"We planned this to recognize our heritage and history and provide an outlet to people for entertainment,\" state minister and the local MLA Ranjit Gilitwala said. \"Now, honest efforts are being made to complete the project by 2013 so that people are not deprived of what they should have had a few years ago,\" he added.Under this project, 90,000 sq metre of land is being redeveloped of which lake portion will consist of 35,000 sq metre, wherein the diametre of the lake will be 212 metre.Seven zones will be developed around the lake classified as Surat nu Jaman, communal harmony, environment, textile, history, future and diamond zones.In-charge executive engineer of SMC D R Gohil said, \"Most of the civil work is over. Presently, landscaping, garden and electrification work is underway.\"Retrofitting of old stepwell or vav is also being carried out. \"Construction of outer wall, amphitheatre and jetty along with levelling of the ground and roadside compound wall is over now,\" assistant engineer Viresh Nanavati said.An architect of urban initiatives Vishal Shah, who has designed the project, said, \"Keeping the historic perspective in mind we have planned the development on thematic and operational basis. Each zone will have a different theme that will glorify the different aspects of the city and will be imbibed in such a way that a visitor will take away something from there. It is not just entertainment, but infotainment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17749658", "title": "Firms up security for women at night", "text": "After news of the brutal rape and attack of a 23-yearold student in New Delhi broke, some city companies and hotels have reinforced security for women working night shifts.Three days ago, Radisson Blu Hotel GRT Chennai asked women employees to assign a speed dial key on their mobile phones to the hotel's emergency board line. \"They can dial '1' and, when the call is connected, state their location,\" says Vikram Cotah, senior VP, Radisson Hotels and Resorts, Chennai region. \"We will send security staff to the place and alert the police.\" The new measures were introduced to beef up security.\"Women employees are dropped off at their homes by cab and are accompanied by security guards after they finish their evening shift at 10pm.But we felt it was necessary to talk to them after the Delhi incident,\" says Uma Maheshwari , director, operation, Radisson Blu Hotel GRT Chennai. \"So we had a briefing session and a mock drill.\" With women working night shift in many sectors, including IT, BPO and hospitality, some companies have been quick to react to the Delhi incident. At Sheraton Park Hotel and Towers, women working at night have been asked to use the hotel's transport.\"We have drops at 10.30pm and at midnight. Women are dropped in vehicles equipped with hooters, pepper spray and accompanied by a guard,\" says Prasad Pillai B, chief security officer.Women employees of Aloft hotel on OMR have been asked to report sexual harassment they face outside or at the workplace. \"We have asked them to inform us if any colleague passes offensive remarks or behaves indecently,\" says Krishnakumar Menon, general manager.Large companies that have night operations are taking responsibility to ensure employees reach home safely, says Kalyani Narayanan, president, eWIT (Empowering Women in IT). \"They see to it that women don't travel alone at night. But ensuring safety is the joint effort of the employer, employee and the city's law and order agencies,\" she says.Some BPO and IT companies are considering scrapping night shifts for women. But activists feel that while it is good that safety issues are being addressed, such measures shouldn't affect their careers. \"It could be discriminatory as women could be moved down to a lower post. Also, working nights may be more convenient to some women,\" says Anupama Srinivasan, programme director, Prajnya, a non-profit organisation working on gender violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17751102", "title": "Banaras Hindu University alumni meet concludes", "text": "VARANASI: The two-day international alumni meet of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) concluded in the presence of many distinguished alumni at Swatantrata Bhawan, BHU on Monday.As many as 13 alumni, including governor of Nepal, Dr Janki Ballabh Patnaik, judge of Supreme Court, justice BS Chauhan, director, Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Bhopal, Prof Vinod Singh, director, Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Bangalore, Prof Pankaj Chandra, national professor under Indian Council for Agricultural Research ( ICAR) and several others were felicitated on the occasion.Apart from going down the memory lane with their batchmates, the alumni also participated in a two-day seminar on 'Mahamana's Vision of Nation Building' that was organised on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17751574", "title": "Activists want textbook with 'offensive' caste remark withdrawn", "text": "COIMBATORE: Activists of the Aathi Tamilar Viduthalai Munnani petitioned district collector M Karunagaran on Monday against what they deemed an objectionable remark in a Class 5 textbook taught at a private school in the city. The activists called for the book to be recalled immediately and those behind the publication of the book booked under the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of atrocities) Act 1989 for making offensive remarks against a community.General secretary of the Munnani, R Nandan, told TOI that the objectionable part comes in the fill in the blanks pattern of the Tamil grammar workbook. \"To a question, 'Who is a cobbler', the answer key says, 'Chaklian',\" Nandan said. \"This offensive content is found in the Tamil grammar workbook prescribed for Class 5 students at the Sri Ramakrishna Matriculation Higher Secondary School in the city,\" Nandan added. The school follows state government's Samacheer Kalvi syllabus, he said. \"They are trying to portray cobblers as scheduled castes. This is an unnecessary question intended to cause prejudice among the young minds,\" he added.However, school principal R Ravi claimed the book was not used anymore. \"We had used this book last year. But it is not in use anymore,\" he said. However, the publisher of the book said he had supplied the book in the beginning of the academic year itself.B Radhakrishnan, managing partner of Padma Publishers, said the book was in use for 15 years and was modified as part of the Samacheer Kalvi. \"This is a modified version of the Tamil grammar workbook specially made for the school after it demanded last year. We had printed materials which were given to us by the school,\" he said.He said that they had not received any complaints regarding the book all these years and would withdraw the book immediately from schools.Coimbatore: Activists of the Aathi Tamilar Viduthalai Munnani petitioned District Collector M Karunagaran on Monday saying that the contents of a text book used by a city school was offensive towards the backward castes and action must be taken against the school, the publisher and the editor of the book. R Nnadan the state general secretary said that the Tamil Grammar workbook for students of Class 5 following the Samacheer Kalvi Syllabus of the Sri Ramakrishna Matriculation Higher Secondary School in the city had contents which were offensive and in bad taste.In a fill in the blanks question, a question is asked as who is a cobbler. The answer given in the answer key is 'Scheduled Castes', he said. \"They are trying to portray cobblers as the scheduled castes. This is an unnecessary question intended to cause prejudice among the young minds,\" he said. They demanded that the book should be removed immediately from use and those behind the publication of the book should be booked under the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of atrocities) Act 1989 for offensive remarks against a community. They have also demanded action against various sections of the Indian Penal CodeMeanwhile the school principal R Ravi claimed that the book was not anymore in use. \"We had used this book last year. But it is not used anymore,\" he said. At the same time the publishers accepted that the book was supplied in the beginning of the academic year.B Radahakrishnan the Managing Partner of Padma Publishers said that the book which was in use for 15 years was modified for using for students as part of the Samacheer Kalvi. \"This is a modified book of the Tamil Grammar made book for the school after they had demanded last year. We had published the materials which were given to us by the school,\" he said. At the same time, he said that they had not received any complaints regarding the book all these years and would withdraw the book immediately from use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "17751193", "title": "Disabled boy injured in detonation", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: An 18-year-old differently-abled boy sustained injuries on his left hand as a detonator exploded on a railway track near Sikazhi in Nagapattinam district on Sunday evening. The train service on the track was not affected due to the blast.N Raju, 18, a differently-abled man from Karkovil village who grazed goats near a railway track in his village near Sirkazhi found a detonator on the gravel put alongside the railway track on Sunday evening. The youth considered the material as a small container, so he hit it with a stone after placing it on the track unaware of the explosive nature of the material. Unfortunately, the detonator exploded and he sustained injuries. On hearing the loud noise, people rushed to the spot and informed the police. Raju was admitted to Sirkazhi government hospital. Nagapattinam SP Ramachandran, Government Railway Police, Trichy Division DSP K Rajavel and railway officials visited the spot. The police found that such small-sized detonators were being used in stone quarries. The police suspect that the detonator might have got mixed with the gravel or placed with the gravels. The Vaitheeswaran police registered a case under Sections 3 and 5 of the Explosives Act. DSP Rajavel ruled out the possibility of sabotage by anti-social elements. However, he said the local police was still investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17751676", "title": "Govt must facilitate affordable housing", "text": "There is an acute shortage of affordable houses for urban poor in Pune city. Surveys suggest that around three lakh dwellings should be constructed to arrest further proliferation of slums. Land prices have skyrocketed and, in such a scenario, one of the viable alternatives is to redevelop 15 Mhada colonies spread over 175 hectares in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. It has been more than a year since the state government announced 2.5 FSI for reconstructing these colonies. However, the government is yet to approve the rules for actual commissioning of the scheme. City legislators and Pune's guardian minister must take up this issue with the chief minister and ensure that the regulations are framed without further delay.Related story: State yet to frame 2.5 floor space index norms for Mhada", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17753641", "title": "Dadar Union Sports Club gets new pavilion", "text": "MUMBAI: Dadar Union Sports Club, which has produced legendary cricketers like Sunil Gavaskar, Dilip Vengsarkar , got a new pavilion, something that was long overdue.\"I remember Ian Chappell had come to our club to see where Sunil Gavaskar used to play and he was shocked to see the shed and said it would collapse. I told him it has been the same way for years and it hasn't collapsed so don't worry,\" former Mumbai coach Vasu Paranjpe said at a club event on Monday.The club remained in a sorry state for many years and was refurbished largely by the efforts of Dilip Vengsarkar, who wanted to restore the glory of the club.\"We all talked about doing something for the club. But that is all we did. Talk. But Dilip did what none of us could,\" former cricketer Sanjay Manjrekar said.Vengsarkar said that the club with its new look will motivate the players and help the club rule the Kanga League division in the near future, like it did in the 70s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748976", "title": "Laws that needed to be changed to bring gender parity", "text": "NEW DELHI: Why was she out so late at night? This gratuitous question, hurled at the 23-year-old paramedical student, was more than just a prelude to her gang rape. The question betrayed a patriarchal mindset, which is as deep-rooted as it is wide-spread. From ministers to protestors, everybody is complicit in the gang rape because the patriarchy that contributed to it is sanctioned, not just by tradition but also by law.While suggesting measures for improving \"the safety of women\", the judicial commission that has been announced should therefore not limit itself to reviewing the provisions relating to sexual assault. It should take on the patriarchy embedded in various laws and rid the statute book of gender attitudes that don't belong in the 21st century India.The conviction rate in rape cases has dropped from 46% to 26% in 40 years. The growing impunity enjoyed by rapists cannot be combated in isolation; it is the symptom of a larger systemic malaise. Here's a checklist of gender iniquities in the laws, which the commission should address in order to take a holistic approach to the challenge of making women safer.* A logical corollary to the appointment of the commission would be for the government to withdraw the sexual assault Bill, which had been introduced in Parliament this very month. As a statement issued on Monday by \"women's and progressive groups\" demanded, the Bill should not be passed in its current form because of \"its many serious loopholes and lacunae\". Though the trend in advanced countries is to make rape laws gender-neutral, these groups demanded that \"the definition of perpetrator be gender-specific and limited to men\". The commission would do well to examine the pros and cons of this proposal, from the viewpoint of the safety of women.* There is however no such uncertainty about the efficacy of another important amendment proposed by the civil society groups. Given the frequency of such cases in trouble-torn areas, they demanded the inclusion of rape by security forces as a specific category of aggravated sexual assault. Since the existing law anyway prescribes enhanced penalties for rapes committed by persons in a position of trust or authority (in police stations, jails, hospitals, etc), it would be appropriate for the commission to plug this loophole, which is responsible for spreading so much insecurity among women. Remember the dramatic picture of women stripping naked in Manipur with a banner daring the Army to rape them.* Although it was meant to update the rape law, the Bill has refrained from amending the anachronistic definition of marital rape in the Indian Penal Code 1860. This is despite the fact that at least 100 countries penalize non-consensual sex in which the perpetrator is the victim's spouse. Such an offence is however recognized in India only when it is committed on an underage wife, that too when she is below 15. It would be a travesty of the ongoing public protests if the commission, regardless of this age restriction, does not denounce the sexist notion that a man is entitled to rape his wife.* The commission should also undo the gender anomaly in the adultery provision as it is one of the most glaring examples of the patriarchal prejudice underlying the statute book. Making no bones about treating the wife as a chattel (movable property), Section 497 IPC defines adultery in such a manner that only the cuckolded husband can be aggrieved by it. In the reverse situation, the wife is disallowed from initiating criminal proceedings against the husband on the charge of adultery. Though several expert reports have denounced this blatantly discriminatory provision, Parliament has so far not touched it. Nor has it acted on the alternative of turning adultery purely into a civil offence. The task is cut out for the commission, as the gender discrimination in adultery has to go, whether the offence remains criminal or turns civil.* Another insidious form of discrimination relates to the traditional conception of \"natural guardian\". Under the Hindu law, the natural guardian of a boy or unmarried girl is \"the father, and after him, the mother\". This led to bizarre situations like the Reserve Bank of India not allowing author Githa Hariharan, as brought out by a 1999 Supreme Court verdict, to buy a bond in the name of her minor son without the signature of her husband. The statutory presumption that the father was a more natural guardian than the mother has a bearing on custody battles too. The commission should not balk at recommending abolition of this gender inequity in everyday life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750724", "title": "No respite for men in khaki for 21 days", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While the entire government machinery worked night and day for a whole month on election duty, the drill period has not ended for the men in khaki just yet. For next three weeks, a slew of events will keep city policemen busy.The ordeal will start from Tuesday as a six-day extravaganza at Kankaria lakefront will see presence of more than one lakh citizens and visits by VIPs. The preparations are in full swing for past four days as SG Bhati, additional commissioner of police, Sector II, gave the final briefing on Monday evening. More than 1,500 policemen along with 1,000 Home Guards will be deployed at the spot. On Wednesday, Narendra Modi will swear-in as state chief minister at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel stadium amidst VVIPs from across the nation.The high-voltage India-Pakistan Twenty20 cricket match scheduled at Motera Stadium on December 29 will be next on the city cops' worry list. As the Indian and Pakistani players will arrive soon after the first Twenty20 match, an additional security cover will be provided to them and the stadium will turn into a fortress as cops will screen spectators from outside the country to ensure no foul play.\"December 31 celebrations will be next on priority list as we have to keep an eye on miscreants to prevent sexual offences and also check drunken driving cases. Several areas have more than 10,000 people gathering at one spot, creating law and order issues. Come January and we will have the Sabarmati marathon and cyclothon organized by the civic authorities. After its completion, it will be the international Kite Festival on Sabarmati riverfront where not only thousands of enthusiasts will come, but so will foreign dignitaries,\" said a senior official.Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, told TOI it is a challenge to manage the mega events but they will take it in their stride. \"Such occasions need meticulous planning to ensure that everything goes as per the schedule. We have decided to divide personnel in shifts and also not to tax them for major events at one goDefinitely some will have to work for long hours but we are confident that we will be able to cover all bases,\" he said.Dinesh Parmar, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), said that separate teams have been made to all events to prevent confusion. \"The maps have been drawn well in advance and the deployment will also take place accordingly. More than 1,500 personnel will be present at the venues at any given time for next fortnight,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17750722", "title": "Ravenshaw to set up special women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s cell", "text": "CUTTACK: Alarmed by growing cases of rape and molestation, Ravenshaw University has set up a special cell to deal with cases of teasing and harassment of girls. The authorities have decided to form a gender sensitization committee against sexual harassment (GSCASH) for sensitizing, preventing and redressing cases of sexual harassment. The committee will be modelled on the lines of the GSCASH that exists on the campus of the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), New Delhi.Teachers, students and university staff will be the committee members. \"GSCASH has been very successful in JNU. The Ravenshaw panel will replicate the model,\" said B C Tripathy, vice-chancellor of Ravenshaw.He further stated that the committee will not only deal with harassment but also create awareness about the various problem girls face on the campus. The panel will organize talks, open-house discussions and seminars so that girls can openly talk about their problems. The committee will also create awareness to eliminate gender inequities. \"Women are generally looked upon as preys to satisfy sexual desires, some maniacs keep on pestering and teasing them. Youths can play a crucial role in checking this. If they can identify such anti-social elements and hand them over to the respective authority, it will help check the problem to a great extent,\" said a lecturer of the university.The university had set up a sexual harassment cell in 2009. In the past three years, the cell received only five complaints. Students said they did not know about the existence of the cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17751533", "title": "Mentally-challenged woman raped by uncle, cousin", "text": "AURANGABAD: A 23-year-old mentally challenged woman was allegedly raped by her uncle and cousin on various occasions at Lonighat village near Beed district around 150 km from here. A case in this regard was registered by the mother of the victim, who saw her daughter being raped by one of the accused. The Neknoor police have arrested the uncle (48), a farmer by profession, who has been sent to police custody till December 31, but the cousin (23) is still at large.Assistant police inspector Sayyed Asef, who is in charge of the Neknoor police station, said, \"Around 2.30 pm on Sunday we received an anonymous call from the village informing us about the incident, so we rushed there. The mother of the victim told us that she had seen her daughter being raped by the uncle, who is also a neighbour,\" he said.\"We rushed the victim to Beed civil hospital. The hospital staff confirmed that she had been raped and a case was registered against the accused. The victim's mother also stated in her complaint that she had seen her daughter being raped by the uncle's son as well, but had not reported the incident, fearing social stigma,\" said Sayyed. The case was registered on Sunday night and the uncle was arrested on Monday around 5 am near Kada village, 100 km from Beed, Sayyed added.Soon after the incident, senior police officials, including Beed superintendent of police Dattatreya Mandlik and deputy superintendent of police Akhilesh Kumar, visited the spot and formed teams to nab the second accused. \"We will soon arrest the cousin who has been on the run since Sunday,\" he said.The victim's mother also stated in her complaint that she had seen her daughter being raped by the uncle's son as well, but had not reported the incident, fearing social stigma. The hospital staff also confirmed that she had been raped and a case was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17751355", "title": "More rape victims turn out to report cases", "text": "BHOPAL: The outrage in the country demanding public execution for the perpetrators of the brutal gang rape of a Delhi-girl has led to a large number of victims and their families turning out to the police to lodge their complaints.Some of the victims who remained silent for fear of their and family members lives have now mustered the courage to report the incidents.Three persons working in Sagar district hospital were arrested on Monday after a 28-year-old woman approached the police alleging that she was gang-raped by three sweepers at the hospital, where her 2-year-old daughter was admitted for treatment of burn injuries since December 13.The alleged incident, police said, took place on Saturday evening at around 6.30 pm when the accused caught her in the bathroom of the hospital, and raped her taking turns. The accused threatened her of dire consequences and warned her not to report the incident to anyone. They also kept a close tab on her movements, police said.On Monday, the woman revealed the incident to her husband who asked her to identify the accused, before reporting the matter to police. Once the accused were spotted in the hospital premises and she was able to recognize them, the couple went to the police station and reported the matter.The accused Sunny, 23, Rahul, 21, Sachin, 22, - are sweepers on contract attached with the hospital. All three were immediately arrested and a case under section 376, 506, 323, 34 of IPC was registered against them at the Gopalganj police station.Confirming the arrests, inspector general Sagar range, Pankaj Shrivastav told TOI that the accused atre being interrogated.Meanwhile, several NGOs and social activists gathered outside the police station and demand capital punishment to the accused.In another case of sexual assault, a minor girl approached police in Shivpuri district alleging that she was abducted and raped by a man, who held her hostage for 7 days. She told police that the accused Radhelal Lodhi, a resident of Kachuaha village, released her only after his wife called him up and threatened to report the matter to police.Surprisingly, a missing person's complaint was lodged by both families on December 15. In their complaint, Lodhi's family had reported that he was missing with some cash that he had collected after selling peanuts, whereas the victim's family had lodged a complaint claiming that she did not return home after going to attend a fair.The victim, a 16-year-old, alleged that the accused kept her locked in a hotel room and raped her for 7 days. Police is on the hunt for the accused.Another rape case was reported from Panna district, by the parents of a 15-year-old school girl from Karhi village. According to the complaint, she was lured by one Awadh Pandit, 24, resident of Karhi on the promise of marriage. He took her to Delhi on December 10 and raped her. On Friday he brought her to Panna and absconded. Police have booked the accused under section 363, 366, 376 and 506 (b) of IPC and the newly enacted protection of children from sexual offences Act, 2012.Also a complaint was reported with the police in Chhatarpur district on Saturday night, about a minor being allegedly raped by her cousin on December 19. The accused Laxman Ahirwar, a resident of Bada Malhara area in the district has been booked on charges of rape. Hunt is on for the accused.Meanwhile, people in 7 villages in Panna district observed a 'bandh' demanding public execution of a boy who was arrested in connection with the rape of a 7-year-old girl in Kakraheti village on Thursday. The 15-year-old accused was earlier arrested under the Section 354 (assault or criminal force to a woman with the intent to outrage her modesty) of the IPC in 2009.The incident took place when the girl - a class II student - was playing at her farm. The accused reportedly took her to a field and raped her. The matter came to light after she returned home profusely bleeding and told her parents about it. They lodged a complaint with the Kotwali police station. The victim is battling for her life in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17749064", "title": "24 students to take part in national science congress", "text": "GUWAHATI: Twenty-four students from 26 districts of the state will take part in the 20th edition of National Children's Science Congress at Benaras Hindu University which will begin on December 27.Two out of these 24 - Pangkita Deka and Dhrity Raj Kashyap - will attend the 100th edition of the Indian Science Congress to be held in Kolkata in January. Pangkita and Dhrity were selected because of their projects based on the study of quantity of kerosene used in different types of lamps and multipurpose spinning wheel respectively.The contingent, which will be accompanied by two coordinators and seven teachers, will leave for Benaras on Tuesday. The team was selected on the basis of presentation of children's projects at the state level Children's Science Congress held at Biswanath Chariali in October. From 26 districts, about 246 projects were put on display in front of state CSC. Most projects dealt with local problems and were based on the theme \"Energy: Explore, Harness and Conserve.\"\"The team has been formed based on standard criteria of age, sex and urban-rural ratio. Bongaigaon is the only district that won't be taking part. Actually there were 25 students but one participant fell sick and couldn't go and since there is no scope for replacements. Therefore, 24 students will take part in the congress,\" said Arup Kumar Mishra of NCSC, Assam.The initiative is meant to instill a spirit of scientific temperament among youngsters and is a non-competitive participatory event and for which the participants are given citations to recognize their observing nature and imagination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17750504", "title": "Women fear taking public transport", "text": "Hubli: The recent gang rape of a 23-year-old woman by seven men in a moving bus in Delhi has unleashed fear among women in the cities across the country about taking public transport. This is also true in the case of Hubli-Dharwad. Women are not only feeling unsafe but are quite at a loss as to whom to turn to for security. \"We have to go to college, tuitions, etc., and it is not possible for everyone to have their own vehicle. We have to depend on autorickshaws or buses,\" said a college student. Most women complain male passengers behave in ways, which are embarrassing and humiliating. A homemaker Jayashri Hiremath, said, \"Sometimes men try to make physical contact with us. I have personally experienced it. I am forced to carry a big bag with me as a shield.\" Social worker Latha J, a member of Pragati Mahila Mandal said, \"There is absolutely no security during night in Hubli-Dharwad. I have to travel frequently and often arrive in the city late at night. I take an autorickshaw back home. I think now I will have look at every auto driver with suspicion. I will have to look for an alternative. Definitely much needs to be done to improve security of women here at night.\" Surprisingly, police are turning a blind eye to the lawlessness unfurled by men in public transport vehicles. They are rarely hauled up for misbehaving with women. \"This is a serious problem and the police should be strict. Since there is no punishment, people think they can get away with it. This has to stop. They should be made to fear the law,\" said a commuter. Manoj Jain, managing director, NWKSRTC, said traveling in public transport is relatively safer for women in Hubli-Dharwad compared to Delhi. \"We have ensured our buses have no tinted glasses and also we have asked the checking staff to ensure the safety of women passengers,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17750537", "title": "AAI all set to handle flights from Dubai", "text": "Mangalore: The Airports Authority of India has turned adversity into opportunity and is now all geared to start international flights by Jet Airways from its Mangalore International Airport on January 3, 2013. At present, the operation time of Mangalore International Airport is 6am to 10pm and all flights arrive and depart from the airport during this period. The Airways will be operating in the wee hours due to operational reasons which has necessitated changes. JT Radhakrishna, director, Mangalore International Airport, said as the Jet Airways could not get slots between at Dubai airport , Mangalore airport has made arrangements for the arrival of Jet flights between 3.30am to 4.30am. \"These odd-hour operations has necessitated us to make a lot of arrangements,\" he said, adding AAI has made arrangements for ATC and operational facilities such as ILS, runway lights, approach lights, security, fire and rescue man power. In terminal building, facilities such as operations of passenger boarding bridge, baggage conveyors, lifts, escalators, car parking, entry ticket, foreign exchange , air conditioning, power supply have been made to ensure hassle free experience for commuters arriving in the flight. Radhakrishna said AAI is thankful to the cooperation of customs and immigration authorities for the operation of international flights despite the obvious difficulties. While above arrangements have been made for smooth operation of arrival of international flight, AAI has already put in place arrangements for departure of flights. The Jet Airways is all set to commence its direct operation from Mangalore to Dubai on January 3, 2013, six times a week except on Saturday due to non availability of space in Dubai airport. The direct flight from Mangalore to Dubai will coincide with Dubai Shopping Festival starting next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17750626", "title": "Red seizures boost security forces", "text": "KORAPUT: The recent seizures from Maoist hideouts, including landmines, explosives and weapons, in Narayanpatna have boosted the morale of security personnel engaged in operations against the Red rebels in the district.While cops recovered at least seven landmines from Mankidi forest on Saturday, two Maoist camps were busted earlier in the week. Four big iron pipes used for preparing claymore mines, 40 kg gun powder and a few metres of live wire were seized from Salpaguda forest on December 18. Security personnel had recovered two powerful landmines each weighing 25 to 30 kg, two tiffin bombs and a country-made gun from Musulmunda forest, the previous day.\"Security forces in Narayanpatna are on high alert. The counter-insurgency operations are being regularly assessed and changes incorporated accordingly. The Maoists had dumped the explosives in forests for use in future offensives. We expect more success in the coming days,\" said SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar.With its thick green cover and hilly terrain, Narayanpatna, which shares boundary with Andhra Pradesh, has become a hunting ground for the Maoists in the last few years. With locals maintaining a distance from ultras blaming the subversive activities for lack of development in the region and passing on information to police about their hideouts, things have not been easy for the latter, sources said.\"The villagers, often caught in the cross-fire between police and Maoists, have realized that they are the ultimate sufferer. The Red rebels have done little for their betterment and instead have stalled several development projects proposed for the area,\" said a source. The Andhra-Odisha Border Zonal Committee of the outlawed CPI (Maoist) which operates in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon is headed byMaoist leader Daya.The locals have also distanced themselves from Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS) which has forcibly occupied over 3,000 acre of non-tribals land since 2009.A senior police officer, engaged in anti-Maoist operations in the area, said villagers are voluntarily coming up with vital information about Maoists. \"We are being tipped about Maoist camps by the villagers rather than our regular informers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17751076", "title": "Kanpur decks up for Christmas", "text": "KANPUR: The city wore a colourful look on Christmas eve here on Monday. Last minute preparations were witnessed being made at both households and at churches.Last-minute shoppers thronged the markets for shopping of clothes, eatables and gift items. Many people also distributed sweets and clothes to the homeless and poor on Christmas eve. There was a huge rush in churches for midnight mass on Monday evening.Giving an insight into Christmas, a teacher, Seema George said that she has decorated her living room as well as the entire house with beautiful colours and focus on centre table, with exciting showpieces so that the home looks more beautiful and vibrant.\"As there are so many traditions and customs associated with the celebration of this festival, we will celebrate it with full fervour and gaiety. Special Christmas dinner, cakes, carols and the Christmas party would be held. Gifts will also be exchanged with the near and dear ones,\" she added.Elaborating her menu this Christmas, Melly from Shyam Nagar informed that she will be cooking several dishes from various regions of India. \"From English donuts to Indian 'gujiya', from south Indian 'chakli' to north Indian 'matthi' all these delicacies will be prepared at my home,\" she added.The revelers are also purchasing cakes and bakery products to welcome the guests.For Vishal Lal and his family, all preparations at their house have been done. The house is fully decorated with a three feet tall Christmas tree is kept in their living room. This family was on their way to the church for helping the church authorities in preparations of mass prayers at night.But for someone like Simran, who likes to enjoy every bit of Christmas, it doesn't feel like festive fervour yet.\"Christmas Eve doesn't look like Christmas Eve anymore. The levels of enthusiasm in these celebrations are lessening gradually by each passing year. People are more interested in running around, getting things in order when it comes to Christmas. But not many are actually enjoying the festival fully in the right spirit,\" she said.Many Christians also came out on roads to feel the festivity outside.The true spirit of Christmas is about giving, not getting and sharing, not acquiring. Many people were witnessed distributing clothes, sweets and blankets to poor and homeless to keep the tradition of Christmas alive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17750539", "title": "Chandigarh continues to be magnet for film crews", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city's tourist spots and green environs continue to attract film crews. As many as 16 Hollywood, Bollywood and Pollywood films were shot this year at different locations.The trend which started with Yash Chopra's \"Veer Zaara\" in 2004 has witnessed an upswing in recent years. One shooting that reportedly got the maximum attention was \"Zero Dark Thirty\". Based on Osama bin Laden , the film was shot at Punjab Engineering College and Sector 15 with locations designed to look like Lahore and Abbotabad in Pakistan. Cinematic tourism in the city got an impetus with setting up of the Bollywood Facilitation Centre, which introduced single window system for getting clearances for film shootings in 2008. More than a dozen films were shot in Chandigarh in that year with the administration promising to provide logistics help to producers.\"Chandigarh is already a hot spot for shooting of Punjabi pop songs and many songs are based on the city itself. The city has variations in landscape and since most producers from the region are familiar with the city, they prefer shooting here,\" said Kamal Bajaj, a theatre artist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17751081", "title": "Midnight mass at various churches", "text": "KANPUR: The churches held special midnight mass prayer on Christmas eve here on Monday.Men and women dressed up in new clothes reached churches at 11 pm and took part in the special prayers. The mass went on for over a couple of hours and people fondly remembered the Saviour.The people also greeted each other after mass prayers, ate cakes brought by them from their houses. The people also invited other families to their home for Christmas lunch and dinner.The churches were tastefully decorated.At LLJM Methodist Church in Civil Lines, the mass prayer started at 11 pm in which the members of the churches sang carols and invited Jesus Christ on earth. The celebrations and prayers here were carried out till 1 am.At Christ Church situated in the heart of the city at Bada Chauraha. The people dressed up in their best, sang carols and observed prayers at midnight to mark the Christmas.At St Francis Xaviers Church in Ashok Nagar, the most attractive part was the tableaux in which various phases of the life of Jesus Christ were portrayed. The tableaux also had mother Mary and Santa Claus to give it the real feel.The children burnt crackers which added the festivities at the churches. The decorations and mass prayers were also organized at St Aloysius Church in Cantonment. This church was beautifully decorated with lights. The people gathered here for mass prayers at around 10 pm which continued till midnight. Father Edward Goveas addressed the members of the church and urged them to follow the path of truth and humanity.The prayers were also held at St Thomas Church in Kidwai Nagar, St Patrick Church in Cantt, CNI Church in Gwaltoli and St Joseph Church. Shyam Nagar Church was beautifully decorated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17750130", "title": "Why phablets are becoming popular with students", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: If you've got it, flaunt it, is the mantra Gen Y lives by. And the latest trend taking college students by storm is the phablet, a gadget which has the features of a smartphone and tablet.An increasing number of students are now giving traditional desktops and laptops a miss to connect with the latest that technology has to offer. Endorsing the trend, Andhra University student Govind said, \"Earlier I was using a smartphone and also had a tablet but later realised that a phablet was better as you can make calls and use it as a tablet as well. I switched over to one and it has made life easier!\"Shravan Kumar, a third year student of AU College of Engineering, who is soon planning to graduate to a phablet, says, \"The processing speed is high, you can access the internet much faster and on the go. You can connect to social networking sites, make presentation, play games, watch movies, videos, listen to songs and all that at an affordable cost, \" said Kumar.The trend has sent cash registers ringing at electronics store in the city.Nageshwara Rao, another electronics goods showroom owner, confirmed a similar spurt in sales. \"Phablet sales have shot up by 35% over the past month or so. There is a demand for phablets across models and price ranges. About six months ago, it was more of smartphones that were in demand. Today, the phablets are giving them a run for their money.\" The price of phablets starting from Rs 6000 is also a major draw. \"Ever since phablets hit the market, smart phone sales have dipped. Last month we sold about 100 smartphones and about 25 phablets as against around 150 smartphones per month earlier.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17749037", "title": "National Consumers' Rights Day observed in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Stressing the necessity of carrying out awareness drives on consumer rights, the Consumers' Legal Protection Forum (CLPF), Assam, observed National Consumer Rights Day in Guwahati on Monday.The forum organized an awareness meeting in connection with National Consumer Rights Day at Chandrapur College on the outskirts of the city on Monday, where students, teachers, public and lawyers from Guwahati took part.\"Fake financial institutions are hoodwinking people in Assam for the last few years. We have organized the awareness campaign today to create awareness among people who are not aware of consumer rights. Some shopping malls in Guwahati are illogically charging more price from the consumers and our forum has also approached the consumers' court on behalf of the deprived customers,\" said Ajoy Hazarika, chief coordinator of CLPF.Till March this year, 865 consumer cases were pending in the Assam State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (ASCDRC), but many deprived consumers do not move the consumer courts in fear of getting dragged into the legal procedure.\"I bought a mobile phone from a shop in the Bora Service area of the city recently. But the shop owner is taking several weeks to repair my mobile which developed some problems. The government should do something so that customers like me can easily get justice,\" said Manish Goswami, a resident of Christianbasti area of the city.Hazarika added that by strengthening the alternative dispute redressal mechanism, consumer cases can be settled without being dragged into legal tangle. The legal experts also elaborated before the students how to file applications to avail information from government offices under the Right to Information Act.Gauhati high court advocate Krishna Kanta Phukan said, \"At a time when fake financial institutions are hoodwinking the people of the state everywhere, people should think twice before depositing their earnings in unknown financial institutions. They should remember that no financial institution can give interest rate above 12 per cent per annum against their deposits as per the rules of Reserve Bank of India .\"Issues like forgery of LPG agencies, variation in commodity prices and quality of commodities were also discussed during the awareness meet.Social worker Bishnu Ram Boro urged the public to come forward to know their rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17750610", "title": "Rourkela rocking for New Year", "text": "ROURKELA: The Steel City has already started organizing colourful programmes in the run-up to the New Year. Three leading clubs of the city have chalked out week-long entertainment programmes to bid goodbye to 2012. Musical nites with performance by celebrity artistes, fashion shows and unlimited fun are part of the programmes.According to sources, Indo-German (IG) Club, Rourkela Club (RC) and Brahmani Club (BC), which have been providing services to residents for years, have already rolled out programmes to welcome New Year in grand style.Celebrity singer Abhas, finalist of a talent hunt show, and Ruchi of the same show performed on Sunday evening at the IG Club on the first night of Winter Fest - Umang 2012. The programme was inaugurated by G S Prasad, chief executive officer of the RSP.The RC, which is only a stone's throw from the IG Club, also started its entertainment programmes on Sunday with fashion shows and western dance by different dance troupes. Every evening from Sunday to New year-eve has been filled with entertainment programmes like fancy dress competition, musical nites, couple dance competition and fun events.The BC, in fact, started its programmes one day ahead of the IG club and the RC. On Saturday, the BC oraganised a grand musical nite with performance by track singer Roshni. \"Besides a host of programmes like ghazal singing by Rana Ji, comedy show, performance by celebrity artistes like Monalish and Gautam Aditya are lined up for December 31,\" said Subrat Pattnaik, secretary of the BC.A leading restaurant of the city, however, has focused on children as they started a kids carnival from December 20. It will continue till December 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17749186", "title": "Armed man arrested in Hazaribag", "text": "Hazaribag: A person, who has links with Maoists and was out of the Koderma prison after serving three years jail term, was arrested near the Hazaribag Lake early on Monday. Two country-made pistols with ammunition and Rs 1.65 lakh were recovered from him.Officer-in-charge of the Hazaribag sadar police station Dinesh Kumar Singh said the criminal, identified as Rajesh Kumar alias Munna of Lohri in Bihar's Nalanda district, was either coming to Hazaribag or Ranchi driving his car from Nalanda. \"He was going either to buy or sell arms or finalizing a deal.\"Hazaribag police, after getting a tip-off, deployed plainclothesmen for checking vehicles on NH-33 in Hazaribag town. \"Seeing policemen, the criminal took a sudden turn towards Hazaribag Lake but our officers chased him and overpowered him,\" Singh said.Two firearms, cash and two cellphones were recovered from him. On interrogation the accused confessed that he just came out of the Koderma jail after serving three years jail term. He had been arrested in connection with a kidnapping case in Koderma. \"After interrogating him, we got some vital information about other criminals and his links with CPI(Maoist) in Bihar and Jharkhand.\" The car has been seized and he was produced in the chief judicial magistrate's court which remanded him in jail custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17750835", "title": "What else can a smartphone do? Turn itself into car key", "text": "MELBOURNE: Keep misplacing your car keys? Just wave your smartphone to unlock the door! Engineers at South Korean automobile major Hyundai have invented a new system that will allow your smartphone to double as your car keys, and the technology will be made available to buyers within two years.Rather than using Bluetooth, the system by Hyundai uses wireless Near Field Communication (NFC), allowing you to lock and unlock the car by waving your phone over a small tag on the car window.Inside the car, you place the phone on a pad in the centre console that wirelessly charges it while the content is synced and streamed to the car's infotainment system and touchscreen.The system can also store in-car preferences, including radio stations, seating positions and even mirror adjustment - with multiple profiles able to be saved for different drivers.The system was demonstrated on a concept version of Hyundai's popular i30 in Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17751257", "title": "What steps should be taken to improve the functioning of the women and child protection unit?", "text": "Though the women and child protection unit (WCPU) exists in Goa, there is a need for sufficient number of trained officers to tackle crimes against women. Besides this, there should be regular checks by higher authorities into the functioning of WCPU. The WCPU, with help from NGOs, should give moral support to the victims to deal with trauma and the legal process.Sphurthi Kothare Lawyer, NavelimThe first step is to appoint at least three full time police inspectors at the unit. Necessary support staff needs to be hired with transport being provided to enable them to do their job properly. Authorities also need to ensure that trained police officers both male and female need to be appointed. Also NGOs should be allowed to provide social work like rehabilitation of victims.Arun Pandey Social activist, VascoOnly those police officers who are trained for the purpose and willing to take up a posting at the WCPU should be appointed. People who are not interested will not be able to work properly and this will adversely affect the functioning of the WCPU. The officers must be trained in human psychology and must be able to understand the effects of the crime committed on women and children.Anita Rodrigues Retd SP, PanajiConsidering the present scenario, it is high time for the WCPU to be treated as very important to combat crimes against women and children. For this to happen, the government should realize the importance and relevance of this unit and infrastructure should be developed and upgraded. Staff has to be trained and empowered to handle cases independently so that it is not reduced to a mere counseling centre. Above all, there should not be any political interference in the functioning of the unit.Sandeep Lawande Dentist, Porvorim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749531", "title": "The other side of Santa", "text": "LUCKNOW: Christmas brings joy and cheer not only to those who 'play with' Santa Claus but also who actually 'play' Santa. As the jolly man in red suits and white beard showers you with gifts, it is an additional job which helps him to support his family. The Santa Claus, after greeting Ho Ho Ho, gives you sweets, cakes, chocolates and gifts, but if he is lucky enough, he gets some of it for his children.Some of the Santas in the city who wear the mask on Christmas to spread the love and affection of the festival do it for monetary perks. For a day as Santa, these people get paid from Rs 700 to 1,000. Found at various malls, shops, Christmas gatherings and churches, these people are security guards, labourers, sales employees and waiters. They bring smile on your faces, but most of the time, the face of their children is plunged in to darkness. Chandra Shekhar , a security guard, who is playing Santa Claus at a bakery shop on Ashok Marg said, \"The money earned from enacting Santa helps me in managing my winter budget.\" He added that before enacting as Santa, he was told about the legends on Santa and spirit behind the festival. He was also given training on how to say Ho Ho Ho and was asked to put a smile on his face for the whole day.However, there are some who play Santa for spreading joy and peace in the lives of others. Mala Mehra, a principal of a school has been enacting Santa Claus for past several years. She decided to play Santa Claus because in her school, most of the students belong to economically backward class and are unaware about Santa Claus. She along with her group of children visit old age homes on Christmas. Mehra said, \"The faces of old people light up when they receive gifts and sweets from me. They also sing carols with us.\" However, she enjoys most when she is in the company of kids. \"Every time, when I dress up as Santa Claus, the students of primary section ran out of their class. They jump on my shoulders thinking that a real Santa Claus has visited their school.\"Another Santa who is busy in bringing smile is Victor Solomon, a BCom student. \"For me, the best part of playing Santa is the love, which I get from children,\" said Solomon who is playing Santa for the last four years. \"After catching a glimpse of me, the children come up to me, hug me and get their pictures clicked. Sometimes, I offer them a ride on my car and they feel like as if they have taken a ride with Santa across the full moon on Santa's sleigh.\" Similarly, Pradeep Gupta, a student, plays Santa as he likes acting. He said that for him Santa is a person who spread a message to be good and have faith on God. \"As I look thin, children ask me that if I am on dieting. They even ask me how to reduce weight,\" he laughs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17751050", "title": "It is easier to get caste certificates", "text": "BANGALORE: Obtaining caste and income certificates \u00e2\u20ac\u201d passports for thousands of aspirants to avail of government schemes or jobs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has become less cumbersome now. The income certificate can be renewed once every five years instead of every year, and the caste certificate will now be issued for lifetime, deputy chief minister K S Eshwarappa said.Earlier, a government job aspirant had to obtain a new caste certificate with every application. Now, a caste certificate issued for life can be used for all job hunting.Eshwarappa said the single-window citizen service centres, currently called Nemmadi Kendras, will be relaunched as 'Atalji Janasnehi Kendras' on Tuesday on the occasion of former PM AB Vajpayee's birthday.\"Janasnehi Kendras headed by the deputy tahsildar will issue certificates for the 36 services, including caste, income, birth and death certificates, and record of rights, tenancy and crops. The Sakala deadline applies to all these services ,\" he said.A total of 900 such centres have been established \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 601 centres at the hobli level, 176 at taluk level and 123 additional centres at bigger urban centres.The department has decentralized the administration under the scheme. The proposed centres would inform the applicants about the status of their applications through SMS. Similarly , arrangements are being made to enable citizens to know the status of applications regarding the survey of land by contacting the call centre, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17751213", "title": "Society committee gets notice over financial scam", "text": "GURGAON: The sub registrar's office in the city has issued notice to the management committee of the Karamyogi Cooperative Group Housing Society in Sector 10, asking it to respond the allegation of financial irregularities.Recently, the members of the society, alleging large scale financial irregularities, had moved a petition to the financial commissioner, Haryana cooperatives, seeking a probe.In case if the management committee fails to respond to the allegations, the registrar's office would start proceedings for taking over the society. The aggrieved members of the society have welcomed the decision of the registrar's office and demanded a special audit of all financial accounts as per the society act rules.Vishal Bharat, a member, said, \"We have sent several complaints to police for registering an FIR. We were called to the Sector 10-A police station and were told the complaints did not warrant an FIR as the matter was related to the registrar's office. We informed about the financial embezzlements and criminal acts as mentioned in the complaint but the SHO and S-I refused to listen to us.\" The member had alleged that the president of the management committee, Ram Kishan Hooda, violated the Haryana Society Act and committed financial irregularities, which needs to be investigated by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749954", "title": "Ex-cops say lathicharge was avoidable", "text": "NEW DELHI: Retired IPS officers and experts believe Sunday's lathicharge that left 150 including media-persons and vendors injured was avoidable and that it was a result of poor communication between police and protestors.Before beginning action about 5.15pm, police skipped the mandatory loudspeaker warning of 'This is an unlawful assembly and If you do not disperse, we will resort to lathicharge', it was alleged.According to the rulebook, police can resort to lathicharge only in an extreme scenario. \"As far as I know, these protests were peaceful and that's why the police action needs to be examined. It was a crowd which could have been handled. Police should have established communication with the protestors,\" retired IPS officer Prakash Singh said.Lathicharge operations are done in formations and under proper guidance which was not visible on Sunday. According to Singh, \"There is a proper drill for lathicharge. The companies are guided by a senior officer after making an announcement. The cops are supposed to hit protesters and withdraw when they see any innocent woman, elderly person or media-person. The charge should be a restrained and disciplined one.\"Former Delhi Police commissioner Ajay Raj Sharma echoed Singh's views. \"Use of force must stop when the crowd has dispersed or is dispersing. It should be least use of force. You cannot keep hitting a person with lathis continuously even if he is leaving. Also, elderly persons and women should be protected by police, themselves,\" he said. On Sunday, after clearing the India Gate circle, Delhi Police and RAF chased and lathicharged people till ITO, Pragati Maidan and Mandi House, even if they were alone or accompanied by only one person, it was found.In any kind of protest, police has to first use water canons, then fire teargas shells and finally use lathicharge and firing as the last options. Former Commissioner of Delhi Police BK Gupta said, \"These things are specified in the police rulebook. There cannot be protests at India Gate and Vijay Chowk because these are sensitive areas. Jantar Mantar and Ramlila Maidan have been earmarked for protests and Section 144 CrPC gives the right to police to remove people from that area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "17749720", "title": "Protests galore in Bikaner too", "text": "BIKANER: Rallies, demonstrations, signature campaigns and candle marches are being held daily in Bikaner in protest of the gangrape of a para-medical student in Delhi.On Monday, a rally was organized by Agarwal Mahila Prakoshth. They handed over a memorandum to district collector demanding protection of girls in Bikaner. Rekha Agrawal said that not only in Delhi, but women , particularly adolescent girls, are being harassed daily in Bikaner, too. She alleged that anti-social elements and scoundrels can be seen wandering around girls' schools and colleges and also around coaching centres and they leave no opportunity to tease or harass the girls. She alleged that on a number of occasions, complaints were filed with the police but no action has been taken so far for the safety of girls.Rajasthan Pradesh Rajiv Gandhi Youth Federation on Monday launched a signature campaign at Kote-gate demanding death penalty for the rapists. Chairman of the federation Mohd Ramzan said that so far 50,000 people have signed the memorandum which will be sent to the President of India by district collector.Another rally was organized by Bikaner Adult Education Committee, Jan Shikshan Sansthan in which a large number of people took part. The rally started from Soor Sagar and concluded at the district collectorate campus. Participants were carrying placards with slogans like 'Sharam Karo Sarkar', 'We want justice', and many others.Late on Sunday evening a candle march was launched by Being Human Society, MS Girls College, Jain Girls College and Binani Girls College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17749587", "title": "PILs for every cause leave lasting effect", "text": "Dub them cases of public interest litigation (PIL) or of publicity interest, private interest or political interest, but of the more than 6,000 PILs filed in the Madras high court this year, a small bunch did make a big difference to our lives. More importantly, the tribe of PIL enthusiasts got bigger with the entry of new faces and new causes.While it was Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach) that unsuccessfully fought a PIL against metro rail's plans to demolish a portion of P Orr &amp; Sons building on Anna Salai, it was an advocate's innocuous PIL that stopped public sector undertakings from recruiting at IIT-Madras.The people behind PILs are a diverse lot. A regular library user filed a PIL that earned a reprieve for the popular Anna Centenary Library that the government was planning to convert into a children's hospital. The court also asked the government to maintain the flow of funds and resources to the swanky facility.Suo motu PIL proceedings too staged a comeback this year with Chief Justice M Y Eqbal (since elevated to the Supreme Court) exercising this extraordinary jurisdiction on two occasions - first in July when Class II student Shruthi fell through a gaping hole on the floor of her school bus and died, and again this month when a bus-lorry accident killed four students travelling on the footboard of the bus.Imposition of exemplary costs/fines and the mandatory declaration of bonafide interest by those who file PILs have minimised their abuse. Now, your PIL will not even be numbered by the HC registry if you do not make a declaration in the sworn affidavit that the PIL is being filed with your own funds and that there is no hidden agenda or ulterior motive.If not approached with clean hands, PILs can cost a fortune and earn one a bad name. Ask Bhupathi of Salem district: Throwing out his PIL against a private sago factory in Athur taluk, the court imposed a Rs 2 lakh fine on him saying it had been filed with \"private, vested interest\".\"This is one of the instances which will show how the concept of PIL, which is meant for giving relief to the poor and the downtrodden, is being misused not only in this case but in the entire state of Tamil Nadu,\" observed a livid chief justice.A Malathi of Manappakkam, a new face to the PIL scenario, raked up the lack of round-the-clock emergency medical care facility at the bustling Chennai Central railway station. Despite 3.5 lakh footfalls and 200 trains a day, the railway station did not have a full-fledged 24-hour emergency medicare facility. Thanks to the PIL, Southern Railway has approached corporate hospitals to establish the facility.Residents in and around Pallikaranai are breathing easy, literally, thanks to a PIL and an interim order directing the Chennai Corporation authorities not to burn garbage in the dumping yard. This PIL, again, was filed by a non-regular activist S Viswanathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17751556", "title": "Police chief rewards honest constable", "text": "AURANGABAD: The police department has announced a cash reward of Rs 5,000 for traffic constable Pandharinath Jaybhay who returned a bag containing valuables worth Rs 80,000 to its owner who had left it at the railway station on Saturday night. Acting commissioner of police Arvind Chavariya declared the award on Monday evening.Jaybhay, 34, is attached to the city unit and is posted at the Aurangabad railway station exit gate. Around 9 pm on Saturday, he was busy clearing the traffic caused due to the arrival of the Dadar-Aurangabad Janshatabdi express. An auto driver informed Jaybhay that a bag is lying unattended on the railway station premises. The constable rushed to the spot to find the bag. He found Rs 15,000, two gold bangles, a couple of bank passbooks and a small diary inside the bag. Jaybhay instantly checked the diary and called a number mentioned in it. He then read out the names mentioned in the diary.The person on the other side of the phone, identified as one Jayant Barje, told Jaybhay that the names Milind Gore and Mansi Gore were known to him as they were his relatives living in the Aurangpura area. After completing his duty hours, Jaybhay reported to the Kranti chowk police station and told the police station in-charge that he is going to Aurangpura to find the house of the bag owner. After searching for almost half an hour, Jaybhay found the house of Mansi Gore (60) and handed over the bag to her son Milind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17750496", "title": "Sjoba alumni have a ball", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Sjoba winter ball held as a part of Sjoba winter fest was organised at Chimney Heights on Monday. The party has come to be known as one of the most happening alumni reunion. The winter ball was exhilarating with two live bands and DJ Bhanu playing rocking tracks for the silver jubliee 87 batch. A red carpet greeted the guests. The entrance was covered with black semi-circular tents. Laser lights along with blowing smoke lent a shimmering aura to the ambience.Trees were decked up with beautiful red lights. The lights which went up to 1km in the sky made the stage glimmer.As deftly dressed alumni of Sjoba walked on the red carpet, along with their lady companions, they were greeted with test tube shots. The idea was conceived by Almasto Kapoor, who was in the 2001 batch.A big LED screen was put up, with a bar close to it and a hookah bar was at the pool side especially for the youngsters. A lavish spread of 5 cuisines was laid up with an equally amazing spread of starters, drinks and desserts. One of the alumni Dr Rahul Datta (87 batch) said, \"I am meeting my friends after 25 years. I am looking forward to treasuring new memories and cherishing them.\"Bhuvan, along with his friend Randeep Nibber from the US, had especially come to attend the bash. They said, \"We were so excited about this winter party that we didn't sleep for two days.\"Another alumnus Manish Bhasin said, \"I couldn't have missed the party. If I had to meet my friends.\"Many youngsters had a ball at the bars. One among them Siddharth Pandey (2010 batch) said, \"It's the most exclusive party for Johnions and I come here to feel the thrill.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17749039", "title": "Spread message of love and brotherhood, says Ering", "text": "ITANAGAR: Union minister of state for minority affairs Ninong Ering has called upon the Christians to spread the message of love and brotherhood.Ering said this while addressing the Advent Christmas programme at Town Baptist Church, Dambuk, in Lower Dibang Valley district on Sunday, officials said.Saying that Christmas is the season of \"love, joy and peace', the very message of Jesus Christ while coming to this world, he exhorted the people to forgive and forget each other's mistakes.The minister called upon the believers to act like Good Samaritans by helping the needy. Ering, who is in his maiden visit to the district after being inducted in the union ministry, said he was on a mission to distribute Christmas cakes. He added that there is joy in giving and every one must share and give in this season and spread the message of love and brotherhood.He said, \"India is like a garden where many species of flowers bloom at a time. Likewise, there are many religions and beliefs adopted by different people but there should be integration of religion and one should not differentiate on the basis of religion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17751135", "title": "Set up diamond processing park in Nashik, urge industrialists", "text": "Nashik: The Nashik District Industries and Exporters' Association (NDIEA) has submitted a memorandum to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan urging the government to set up a diamond processing park in the city.\"Nashik has excellent infrastructure in terms of roads, water and electricity, developed by the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) in Ambad and Satpur industrial estates. Its proximity to Mumbai and Pune is an additional advantage.A decade ago, a committee, set up by the government, had suggested setting up a diamond processing park in Nashik, but unfortunately it could not work out,\" states the memorandum.Ramesh Pawar, president, NDIEA, told TOI, \"I was then the director of the Maharashtra Small Scale Industries Development Corporation Ltd (MSSIDC) when the committee had suggested setting up a diamond processing park in Nashik. Nashik district is adjacent to Gujarat. The diamond business is developed in Mumbai, Surat, Baroda and Ahmedabad in the western belt, which is close to Nashik. A large number of manpower migrates from Nashik to Gujarat and most of them are working in diamond processing industry. Many of them wish to come back to Nashik. We can get skilled manpower immediately if we start diamond processing in Nashik.\"Pawar added, \"We have urged the chief minister to set up a diamond processing park in Nashik. The MIDC has built an excellent building for information and technology park in Ambad industrial estate, which is lying vacant for more than a decade. The ground floor of the building can be used for the diamond training institute, while rest of the building can be given on lease for diamond processing units.\"There are two industrial areas of the MIDC in the city - Satpur and Ambad. There are around 4,500 small, medium and large industrial units in both the industrial estates. The industries in MIDC areas are mostly auto and electric-based ones.Nashik district is adjacent to Gujarat. The diamond business is developed in Mumbai, Surat, Baroda and Ahmedabad in the western belt, which is close to Nashik. A large number of manpower migrates from Nashik to Gujarat and most of them are working in diamond processing industry. Many of them wish to come back to Nashik. We can get skilled manpower immediately if we start diamond processing here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17751185", "title": "Thousands witness Vaikunta Ekadasi", "text": "TRICHY: Thousands of people witnessed the opening of the paramapatha vaasal (special entrance) and offered worship to Namperumal, the procession idol of Srirangam Ranganathaswamy temple, in the wee hours of Monday. Unlike previous years, devotees had to wait for many hours to offer worship because of security arrangements.As scheduled, the gate was opened at 4.45am on Monday and Lord Namperumal attired in gems emerged in the view of the thousands of devotees. The procession of Namperumal was led to the Thousand Pillar hall in the temple where the faithful were allowed to worship till Monday midnight.The sanctum sanctorum of the temple also remained open for devotees to worship Lord Ranganathaswamy. Dignitaries including HR &amp; CE minister M S M Anandhan, Trichy district collector Jayashree Muralidharan, HR &amp; CE officials, MLAs, corporation officials and other officials followed the procession. This year, VIP passes were suspended following instructions from the district collector. The move has eased the work of police as they could concentrate on providing security to people instead of halting movement of devotees in the name of security to VIPs. \"Some VIPs approached us for passes for special darshan, but we refused. The general public did not face any inconvenience,\" said S Kalyani, executive officer of the temple.Devotees were allowed in queue from midnight on Sunday after thorough frisking by police. After the opening of the gate, devotees trickled in. \"More than 4 lakh people turned up at the temple for this year's Vaikunta Ekadasi. Interestingly, the festival witnessed a large number of devotees from Andhra Pradesh,\" said a senior police officer.Expecting massive crowds, as many as 3,500 police personnel from Trichy, Virudhunagar and Salem were deployed in and around the temple from December 23 till Monday to ensure peaceful conduct of the festival. However, devotees, who had to stand in queue for hours together, were exhausted at the end of the darshan. Police had blocked the road from Ammamandapam to Srirangam from Sunday night. At least 670 car passes were issued to residents of Srirangam area. Only those with the passes only were allowed on the route.The temple administration had made provisions for 'Annadhanam' to 5,000 devotees on Monday, but only few devotees took part as most of them took the offerings arranged by donors outside the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17750989", "title": "Nagpur University moderator panel chief admits blunder", "text": "NAGPUR: The 'out of syllabus' issue is giving nightmares to the Nagpur University officials as more skeletons are tumbling out of closet. A total of three questions, carrying 39 marks, were asked 'out of syllabus' during the engineering third semester 'Applied Mathematics-III' paper conducted on December 4.Sources alleged that NU administration was not only trying to protect paper-setters and moderators but also its senior officials including the former controller of examinations (CoE). They claimed that the question papers were in fact set during last year's winter examination by the moderator panel headed by MD Choudhary. The envelope, which was submitted by moderation committee, was later selected by former CoE Siddharth Kane. In fact, vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal had even conducted a meeting with Kane and Choudhary in this regard.A Task Committee of Board of Examinations (BoE), led by pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie, had found involvement of both paper-setters and moderators, who put the manuscripts in 'wrong envelope', and also NU Exam Section officials who allegedly tampered with highly confidential envelope by overwriting a 'code' in blue ink with a green ink. The BoE while deciding to conduct a re-exam of the paper likely to be conducted on Sunday, January 13,has decided to refer this big goof up to its Disciplinary Action Committee (DAC), instead of filing FIR with police to trace the culprits that affected over 10,000 students.Both Yenkie and CoE Vilas Ramteke did not respond to repeated calls made in this regard. However, Choudhary admitted that their panel had mistakenly kept the manuscripts in wrong envelope and termed it as a \"human error\". \"We have admitted the blunder in our first meeting with the VC. We generally set over 100 papers and such mistakes are bound to happen. But they are generally rectified by the NU officials, including the CoE. Why have they not corrected it? Even the printer could have realized the mistake,\" he claimed.Kane too confirmed that the 'out of syllabus' paper was set during his tenure but feigned ignorance as to who had changed the original code. \"Three sets were handed over to us, of which one was used in summer and other in winter this year. However, there is no such thing like blue or green ink. If anybody had overwritten it, I don't have any idea,\" he clarified.The original code could have helped the printer to identify the correct paper and bring out the discrepancy to the notice of NU Exam Section officials. Kane instead put the blame on paper-setters and moderators for putting manuscripts in the 'wrong envelope' that led to this fiasco.Box: Students' no to re-examThe aggrieved students stated that they will not be appearing in the re-exam as they were being made a scapegoat for blunders committed made by the paper-setters and moderators as well as by NU officials. A students' delegation under Neeraj Kukde has demanded to reveal the names of the guilty persons and strict action against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750137", "title": "Faith in public transport takes yet another beating", "text": "NEW DELHI: The chaotic scramble for transport on Monday after nine Delhi Metro stations were shut down and chartered buses went off roads is ironic considering the Delhi government has been crying itself hoarse urging citizens to shift to public transport. As S P Singh, a transport expert, puts it, \"The government talks about expanding public transport and yet it uses the same system to cripple the citizens. This will only erode any faith that the common man has in the public transport network.\"It's not the first time the government has used this ploy to contain a citizens' movement. Delhi Metro, which provides connectivity to 20 lakh commuters daily, had shut down the same stations during the anti-graft agitation in August. The Jor Bagh station too had been closed to discourage protesters from converging near the PM's residence. The year before, the Race Course station had been closed, again to stop people from reaching the PM's residence.This time, the nine stations, including Pragati Maidan, Barakhamba and Mandi House, have been closed indefinitely. The interchange stations at Rajiv Chowk and Central Secretariat were opened partially late on Monday with commuters allowed to board trains though exits were kept closed.\"Since it's a law and order situation, we tend to follow the advisory from Delhi Police to close stations,\" said a DMRC source. State transport minister Ramakant Goswami says: \"It's a question of security, both of trains and passengers. We don't want the situation to deteriorate, especially in confined places like stations.\"\"If the issue is of safety, why can't the government deploy more security personnel instead,\" questions Prof P K Sarkar, a transport expert at School of Planning and Architecture. He says shutting down of stations without informing people is one of the primary reasons why public transport remains a matter of second choice for most citizens. Amit Aggarwal, a Vasant Kunj resident agrees. \"It was chaotic as neither chartered buses nor Metro was available. I had to go to central Delhi and had to change my travel plans at the last moment,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750709", "title": "Sunday incident adds fuel to protests", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Anti-rape protests continued here on Monday even as miscreants allegedly molested another girl in a running auto-rickshaw in the city late on Sunday night before dumping her on the road.The Odisha state committee of Socialist Unity Centre of India (Communist) took out a protest march from Master Canteen to Lower PMG. The protestors, including women, demanded stricter punishment against culprits, ban on liquor and 'vulgar cinemas'.\"Liquor and display of vulgarity are behind increased sex-related violent incidents. These must be stopped,\" said Binapani Das, SUCI (Communist) state committee member Binapani Das.Women's wing of the Congress party on Monday said the state capital was fast turning into the crime capital and accused police of inaction.\"Two incidents happened in a short span of four days. Criminals are taking advantage of police indifference. While police is spending lakhs of rupees from public exchequer in the name of patrolling, it is deplorable that they never reach the sites of such incidents on time,\" said Congress women's wing president Bijayalaxmi Sahoo.She pointed out the perpetrators of Sunday night violence are still at large, for which police owe an explanation.Civil society members in Rourkela took out a protest demanding stricter laws to deal with rapes and sexual violence. Women dominated the protests at Ispat market in the Steel City.Ravenshaw University students on Monday announced to organize a mass rally in Cuttack on December 28. \"We will take out a march in the city. Students of Ravenshaw, those from other institutions and members of civil society will take part in the protest,\" said Amrita Mishra, a final year student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750652", "title": "Candidates told to file poll spending details by Jan 19", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The administration has directed all the candidates who contested from anywhere in Ahmedabad district to file their statement of expenditure on or before January 19. The election observers will be in the town to evaluate the accounts of each candidate on January 19.The candidates who fail to file their expenditure can face action, including disqualification from the current assembly. Officials said that each candidate has already filed the expenditure statement of about Rs 6 lakh, which was likely to increase to Rs 8 lakh.It is worth recalling that just before election, the administration had gone in overdrive issuing notices to political candidates who have faltered on expenditures accounting. In Ahmedabad, the collectorate has issued notices to 21 contestants, who are yet to clarify or submit details of expenditure incurred during campaigning.Expenditure details of banners, food and snacks have been sought after difference was noticed in the estimates of the cost calculated by the poll officials and that revealed by the candidates. A large number of these notices have been issued to candidates in Sabarmati, Danilimda, Maninagar, Jamalpur, Naroda Ghatlodia, Viamgam, Nikol and Vejalpur constituencies.In Vadodara, the district collector issued 14 notices. Vaghodia constituency had the maximum 11 notices issued, while one notice each was issued to candidates in Padra Karjan and Manjalpur constituencies. The Surat collectorate is yet to collate the number of notices issued to candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753199", "title": "Vikram's first look in 'I'", "text": "Shankar's 'I' starring Vikram and Amy Jackson in the lead roles is progressing well. Meanwhile here is the glimpse of the first look of Chiyaan Vikram in the movie. The actor is know for changing his looks drastically to suit the role he plays.It is known that ' I ' revolves around the political pressures faced by Indian athletes at the Olympics. Vikram is said to portray two different physiques in the film, a muscular macho style in the first half and a feeble slimmed down version in the second half.The film stars Vikram and Amy Jackson in the lead roles with Santhanam penciled in for a prominent character. P C Sriram is taking care of cinematography for I, which will have the music and background scores composed by A R Rahman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751535", "title": "Anesthesia conference from tomorrow", "text": "INDORE: The city will witness a four-day national conference on Anesthesia - ISACON 2012 starting from December 26 in which doctors from various parts of the country are likely to participate. Dr K G Vijayan, organizing chairman and Dr Kishor Arora, organizing secretary of the conference informed that objective of this conference is to educate people and the anesthetist on the subject. The father of anesthesia Dr Ronald Miller is specially coming to city to be a part of the conference.Around 550 doctors from different parts of globe will present their research papers and share the experience during the four day event. The conference is being held at Labh-Ganga convention center by ISA Indore branch and MP state chapter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749351", "title": "Abhyankar was a safe driver: Abhyankar's driver", "text": "PUNE: Actor Anand Abhyankar's driver, Suresh Patil, who escaped with minor injuries, said he would never forget the incident which claimed the life of his employer.Patil told TOI that after Abhyankar finished the movie shoot, they returned to Abhyankar's flat in Dahanukar colony in Kothrud on Sunday night. \"Around 10 pm we left for Mumbai. Akshay Pendse, his wife and son were with us,\" Patil said.Patil said that Abhyankar loved to drive. \"He was excited about his car which he had bought just 10 days back. He was a very safe driver,\" he said. After driving for about a km, Abhyankar told Patil to stop the car at a point where he met an acquaintance. \"After that he asked me to sit next to him and took charge of the wheel. I felt like telling him that if he was going to drive the car then were my services needed at all. But, I could not say this to him,\" said Patil. Even while coming to Pune in the morning, Abhyankar took charge of the vehicle after crossing the first toll booth.Patil said that Abhyankar was in his usual jolly mood that day as the two (Pendse and Abhyankar) cracked jokes at each other. \"Our car was in the left slow lane at a normal speed. About 10 kms after the toll plaza, we saw a truck breaking the road divider and heading towards us. Abhyankar screamed \"Arrey to bagh kay kartoy\" (see, what is he doing). Before he could stop or do anything else, the truck crashed into our car,\" Patil said.At first, Patil thought everything was over. When he got back to his senses, he saw Abhyankar had injuries on his head while Pendse too was badly injured. His son also had injuries. \"I did not know what to do. I contacted Abhyankar's wife and informed her about the accident,\" Patil said.Patil said that no one stopped on seeing the accident. \"The ambulance reached the spot after 20 minutes and took all of us to a hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749604", "title": "Cop's pay hike docked for rose 'stunt' at rally", "text": "MUMBAI: There is more trouble for police naik Pramod Tawde, who was facing a departmental inquiry for presenting a rose to MNS chief Raj Thackeray during the latter's rally on August 21. The police department has decided to stop Tawde's three years' increment. Earlier, the policeman was issued a showcause notice asking him to explain why action should not be taken against him.Currently, Tawde is attached to the wireless department at Nagpada. Although, he was not posted at Azad Maidan for wireless or bandobast duty, he reached the rally venue, say police sources.Additional commissioner of police (armed forces) \"Madhu Chavan conducted a departmental inquiry and submitted a report to commissioner Satya Pal Singh's office,\" said a police source.\"Later, the file was sent to the joint commissioner's (administration) office. A decision was taken to stop his increment. Though he has not been suspended for indiscipline but this punishment will affect his annual confidential report (ACR) and career record,\" he added. After receiving the showcause notice Tawde proceeded on a month-long leave, the source claimed. \"He is not coming to office now. Even when the inquiry was on, he would not concentrate on work and preferred leaving after spending a short time in office. He was not assigned any important job ,\" said the source.After the MNS rally , Tawde's colleagues had opined that there was no question of him attending bandobast until instructed to do so.\"On August 21, Tawde came to office at 11am and worked normally before he suddenly went missing. Later, some of our colleagues came to know through TV reports that he had gone to Azad Maidan,\" said the officer. Tawde's job profile included receiving wireless messages and relaying them to senior officers.Tawde had earlier alleged that on August 13, 2010, CISF men assaulted him in the traffic department in Colaba.\"He will get justice. What is the need to go on a political stage and appreciate a man who is speaking against the home minister and police chief?\" one of his colleagues had said then.After the incident, Tawde was subjected to a medical check-up and found mentally and physically fit. The policeman's wife, Priyanka, was surprised to see her husband on TV during the rally. The couple has a daughter who studies in class X and a 14-year-old son. Tawde's third-floor flat at police lines at Kannamwar Nagar in Vikhroli east, has several amenities, including a 40-inch flat TV and a split AC. Tawde had earlier allegedly misled the police. \"He sent a wireless message in 2011 that some cops were beaten up somewhere by unidentified people. However, it turned out to be false,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749869", "title": "2 assistant commissioners of police suspended for 'lapses'", "text": "NEW DELHI: To contain public outrage over the gang rape in a bus and address the growing demand for action against police at the senior level, Lieutenant Governor Tejendra Khanna on Monday suspended two assistant commissioners of Delhi Police on the basis of their failure to prevent the rape, \"prima facie\".The LG said two ACPs, Mohan Singh Dabas of traffic wing and Yad Ram, who is in charge of PCR, have been suspended as they \"failed\" to prevent the crime. Khanna said he has instructed Police Commissioner Neeraj Kumar to seek explanations from DCP (traffic) Prem Nath and DCP (PCR) Satbir Kataria on why disciplinary action should not be taken against them.Asked about police high-handedness against the protesters at India Gate and Raisina Hill on Sunday, Khanna said, \"The police commissioner has expressed regret. He apologised also. If somebody used excessive force, action will be taken. We will have to examine specific charges\".Explaining the disciplinary action against the ACPs, the LG said dark windows in the bus used in the crime show that the PCRs and traffic police in the area had failed in their duty. \"I have made it clear in my law and order meetings that tinted glasses are not to be allowed, and here was a bus running with tinted glasses and no one stopped the driver.\"The LG also announced measures to give Delhiites a sense of safety. He said all authorized drivers of autos, buses and taxis will be issued photo IDs after verification and will display these on the front windscreens as well as in the passenger area. He also directed the Delhi government to install GPS devices in buses, autos and taxis.Special Commissioner of Police Sudhir Yadav has been appointed as the nodal officer to receive complaints of misconduct, violence and harassment from women. \"He will be available 24x7 on the phone and email,\" the LG said, adding Yadav will meet representatives of women's groups on the last Friday of every month. The LG himself will meet women's groups every three months.Police personnel will also be trained to be more sensitive and courteous to women. \"The police will not delay any complaints (from women) on the grounds that they have formalitites to complete. The paper work can happen later,\" the LG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17751250", "title": "Child bitten by stray dogs on Candolim beach", "text": "PANAJI: A child was bitten by a pack of stray dogs on the Candolim beach on Sunday morning.The incident occurred at about 8.35am when a domestic worker, who was walking on the Candolim beach along with her 9-year-old son, was attacked by a pack of stray dogs.The dogs bit the child severely on his hand and leg and bit off flesh from his leg.Lifeguards immediately went to their aid and due to the severity of the injuries, the victim and his mother were immediately transferred to the Candolim PHC from where the doctors referred the victim to GMC for further treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749697", "title": "Illegal kiosks to be removed", "text": "JAIPUR: To ensure safety of women in cities and towns, the civic bodies have geared up to remove unauthorized kiosks and shops. The Urban Development and Housing department is chalking out a detailed strategy which will soon be communicated to all municipalities and the urban improvement trust.Illegal food joints, tea stalls and paan shops which are thronged by men will now be cleared by the government. \"We have decided to remove kiosks not authorized by the civic authorities. These spots attract a lot of men-folk and are a cause of worry for the female passers-by,\" said a senior official.Officials claim the decision was taken in the wake of increasing traffic accidents. After the Delhi rape case, the drive will be expedited to ensure safety of women in Jaipur and other cities. The drive is expected to start from colleges and schools.Several NGOs and resident welfare associations have already demanded the action against such kiosks. They claim after every anti-encroachment drive, these temporary stalls come up again and despite their repeated requests civic bodies do not take any action.\"I am a working woman and arrive home late in the evening. On my way there are at least three paan shops which remain abuzz with men till late hours. I feel scared when these men stare at me when I pass through the area. Since these stalls are illegal and situated close to residential areas, they should be pulled down immediately,\" said Reema Bajaj, a fashion designer.The JMC, too, has geared up to take action against such kiosks. \"We will identify all the illegal joints and take action against them. But still it will not serve the purpose. More serious action is needed,\" said mayor Jyoti Khandelwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17751310", "title": "21 thieves arrested from Noora village under Masaurhi police station", "text": "PATNA: Twenty one thieves including 10 women were arrested from Noora village under Masaurhi police station on Monday. Masaurhi police station SHO Nishikant said the thieves had committed theft in the house of a prosperous farmer Mukesh Kumar at village Sukatiya late on Sunday night and stolen clothes and jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh. He said the house-owner had lodged a complaint with the police station concerned on Monday morning.The SHO said during investigation, the local police came to know about involvement of Nut groups in the theft. A police team carried out raids at village Noora and arrested 21 thieves and recovered all the stolen valuables from their possession.Arrested: The Kotwali police on Monday arrested one Chandan Kumar on charge of duping five persons of Samastipur in the name of giving them jobs as driver in a private telecommunication company in Patna.Kotwali police station SHO Aman Kumar said Chandan, a native of Sahpur Patori in Samastipur district had taken Rs 2,000 from four drivers of Samastipur, promising them jobs of driver in Patna on a salary of Rs 16,000. He said later Chandan started demanding Rs 10,000 more from them.The SHO said the drivers started pressurising Chandan to take them to the Patna-based office and reached Patna. On reaching Patna, Chandan started taking them to different places and the drivers became suspicious. The SHO said they nabbed Chandan and brought him to Kotwali police station, where a complaint was lodged against Chandan and he was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17750050", "title": "5 Chennai artists get national honours", "text": "They're some of Chennai's best loved artists, and now their talent has been recognised at the national level. Four musicians and one dancer were chosen for the prestigious Sangeet Natak Akademi awards for 2012 announced on Monday.Grammy award-winning percussionist T H 'Vikku' Vinayakram received one of the three Sangeet Natak Akademi fellowships. Other artists are music director Ilayaraja for creative and experimental music, O S Thyagarajan for Carnatic vocal music, K V Prasad for mridangam in the Carnatic instrumental category, and Priyadarsini Govind for Bharatanatyam. The winners were chosen at the Akademi's general council meeting last Friday.The awards recognise the contributions of practising artists. The fellowship carries an award of Rs 3 lakh in cash, while each of the other awards carry Rs 1 lakh in cash, a certificate and a shawl.'Vikku' Vinyakram, who is known for popularising the ghatam in India and abroad, said, \"It is a pleasant surprise. The award is recognition of my contribution to pan-Indian music.\" Vinayakram, who turned 70 this year, is best known abroad for being part of the legendary fusion group Shakti with composer and guitarist John McLaughlin and tabla artist Zakir Hussain . In India, he is a soughtafter percussionist. Other maestros who have received the fellowship in the past include vocalist Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar, M S Subbulakshmi, D K Pattammal and Umayalpuram Sivaraman.Carnatic vocalist O S Thyagarajan who is known for his adherence to classicism said, \"I strictly follow the tradition and don't deviate from it. I consider the award to be a recognition of this.\"For dancer Priyadarsini Govind, the award is acknowledgement of the 40 years she's dedicated to Bharatanatyam.\"The bond between the artist and the audience is a special though intangible one, and I am inspired by the energy of the audience,\" says the 47-year-old dancer. \"Awards like these are a form of appreciation and are an energy booster,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17750055", "title": "Train services to Nanded extended", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: East Coast Railways (ECoR) has decided to extend the services of Visakhapatnam-Nanded-Visakhapatnam weekly special express trains from January 1 to January 30 in order to clear the rush of passengers during Pongal season.Train 08509 Visakhapatnam-Nanded will leave the city railway station on every Tuesday at 7 30 pm and reach Nanded at 2 35 pm on next day from January 1 to January 29. Train 08510 Nanded-Visakhapatnam will leave Nanded at 4 15 pm on every Wednesday and reach the city station on next day at 10 15 am from January 2.The train would stop at Rajahmundry, Tadepalligudem, Eluru, Vijayawada, Warangal, Kazipet, Secunderabad, Kamareddy, Nizamabad, Basar and Mudkhad. The train comprises one II AC, one III AC, eight sleeper class coaches, five general second class and one second class sitting-cum-luggage compartment besides one second class sitting-cum-physically challenged passenger coach.Similarly, 03513 Asansol-Visakhapatnam super fast express train will leave Asansol on December 28 at 12 45 pm and reach Visakhapatnam on next day at 4 40 am. The 03514 Visakhapatnam-Asansol will leave the city station at 6 35 am on December 29 and reach its destination on the same day at 11 30 pm. The train enroutes Vizianagaram, Brahmapur, Khurda Road, Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Jajpurkeonjhar Road, Bhadrak, Balasore , Hijli, Midnapur, Bankura and Adra, according to an official release here on the Waltair division on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749510", "title": "LDA seals unauthorised plot in Gomtinagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following its drive against illegal constructions across the city, LDA sealed the unauthorized structure on plot number B-1 / 9 in Vipul Khand, Gomtinagar area. This comes under Gomtinagar Yojana.The sealing drive was conducted by the assistant engineer of zone 2, Anoop Bahadur Srivastava following orders of the Joint secretary on Monday. Reportedly, the drive was conducted in presence of a massive police force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749760", "title": "Fog cover disrupts air, road and rail traffic", "text": "JAIPUR: Dense fog in and around New Delhi and Haryana on Monday affected air and rail traffic in Jaipur. At least two flights were diverted here from Delhi airport while at least half-a-dozen early morning trains arrived late in the city. A few places including Sriganganagar and Hanumangarh also witnessed foggy conditions since early morning on Monday.Mount Abu remained coldest at a low of 3.8 degrees in the hills , while Churu in plains recorded 5.1 degrees.The sky remained clear in and around Jaipur airport, however, Jaipur-bound flights from Delhi arrived late. Two Delhi-bound flights were landed in Jaipur following poor visibility at the Indira Gandhi International airport.According to airport authority of India (AAI) officials, some of the Jaipur-bound flights also arrived late and passengers were seen struggling for proper response from their respective airlines.Likewise, many early morning Jaipur-bound trains arrived late. Puja express that reaches Jaipur at 11.15am got delayed by 6 hours and arrived at 5pm.Passengers complained of poor enquiry services at the railway station. The trains including Mandore Express, Shatabdi Express, Aala Hazrat Express and others also arrived and departed late.Some of the trains including Alwar-Mathura fast passenger were cancelled following dense fog in UP, said NWR officials.Dense fog in some parts of southern Rajasthan affected road traffic on the national highway connecting Jaipur to Agra.Jaipurities woke up to a low of 6.4 degrees Celsius, the coldest so far.Chittorgarh recorded a low of 5.0 degrees Celsius, Sriganganagar 5.8, Pilani 6.1, Kota 7.5, Ajmer 9.2, Jaisalmer 9.4, Jodhpur 9.5 and Barmer recorded a minimum temperature of 10.0 degrees Celsius.Met forecast for the next 24 hours says there will be a rise in the temperatures as western disturbances are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17747965", "title": "'Theek hai?': PM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s speech gaffe overshadows his address to the nation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh finally addressed the nation on Monday morning to calm the protestors agitating against the gang-rape incident in Delhi. But a gaffe at the end of the speech, which was broadcast by major news channels, only left the protesters more incensed.After finishing his speech the PM asked, probably the cameraperson filming him, \"theek hai?\". The few-second long footage was somehow not edited out before the statement was sent to television channels. It soon made its way to YouTube and was shared by thousands of web users on Twitter and Facebook.The netizens on Twitter and Facebook took \"theek hai\" part of the speech as a show of political apathy and indifference. Using the hashtag #theekhai, they ridiculed the PM and his government. Many wrote that 'it is not #theek hai'.In less than an hour after the speech, #theekhai became the top Twitter trend for India. Since then thousands of tweets have been using the hashtag.Rahul Kanwal(@rahulkanwal), a journalist, tweeted: \"If sab #TheekHai there'd be no reason for you to speak @PMOIndia.\"Chetan Bhagat (@chetan_bhagat), a writer, said, \"Madam, madam sorry madam, maine aise hi pooch liya #theekhai? Aage se will stick to the script. Theek hai? Oops madam, sorry.. hello? hello?\"Faking News (@fakingnews) noted, \"LOL! #TheekHai is already trending in India. Twitter can earn billions if it sells a control panel to gov that could censor trending topics.\"However, some people were not in favour of making a big deal of the gaffe. Culdivsac (@culdivsac) tweeted: \"Lol, what's the big deal abt #theekhai? The PM was giving a take for the camera &amp; expressed his approval of the take. So? Just lazy editing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17749126", "title": "Honey, I shrunk the paintings!", "text": "RAJKOT: Portrait paintings are not uncommon in the art circles, but these paintings are sure to make you take a closer look, literally. Rajkot-based jeweller and artist Jayantilal Ranpara creates portraits with minute details on an even minuter surface: vaal or field bean.Using water colours, Ranpara creates extraordinary portraits and landscapes on a split bean that never cease to amaze art lovers. Actors like Amitabh Bachchan , Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Nutan , Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan and Mina Kumari; personalities like Nelson Mandela , Queen Victoria, Queen Elizabeth, Mother Teresa and Anil Ambani; and portraits of gods and goddesses have been painted on the beans with a steady hand and no magnifying lens.\"Being a jeweller, I am used to working on tiny surfaces,\" said Ranpara, who makes ornaments at Soni Bazaar in Rajkot. \"I began painting on vaal beans in 1968 and I chose these particular beans because their surface is larger than most beans and after leveling the surface, it is smooth and easy enough to paint on.\"Ranpara takes approximately four to five hours to create a single portrait and with the support of well-wishers, friends and the Lalit Kala Academy, he has put up an exhibition of his paintings at Ravishankar Raval art gallery in Ahmedabad which is on till Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17751485", "title": "Book ACP for sexual harassment, says DGP", "text": "AURANGABAD: Director general of police Sanjeev Dayal has directed the Aurangabad commissionerate to book %assistant commissioner of police Sandeep Bhajibhakare, who was recently transferred to Chiplun, for alleged sexual harassment of a woman constable.Bhajibhakare will be booked under section 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of the Indian Penal Code, once the woman constable lodges a police complaint. It proven guilty, he faces punishment up to a year in jail or fine or both.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-II) Arvind Chavariya, who is the acting police commissioner as Sanjay Kumar is on leave, confirmed the development. \"Yes, we received orders from the DG's office on Saturday morning, directing us to book ACP Bhajibhakare. We are waiting for the woman constable to lodge a complaint. We have also sent a team to look out for her,\" he told TOI.In August, the woman constable had complained to the Maharashtra State Women's Commission (MSWC) against Bhajibhakare and other ACPs including K S Bahure and Naresh Meghrajani for alleged sexual harassment. She had also approached Shiv Sena leader Neelam Gorhe in this regard, who had led a delegation% to the city police commissionerate and had demanded %immediate action against% the guilty.When contacted, Bhajibhakare said, \"I have been asked to take charge in Chiplun. I am out of station now and have not received any% official communication in this regard.\"Acting on the directions of the MSWC, an inquiry was conducted against the senior police officials. In September, the woman constable was suspended as part of disciplinary action against her, only to be reinstated after some time.\"The inquiry was conducted by an officer of the rank of deputy commissioner of police and the entire process of recording the statement of the victim was done in camera. A woman police officer of the rank of inspector and a woman social activist witnessed the recording of the woman constable's statement at the conference hall of the commissionerate in October,\" a police official said,.Interestingly, the woman constable had mysteriously gone missing in the second week of this month gave jitters to the police force, who sent teams to various cities, including Nagpur, where the winter session of the state legislature was in progress. She, however, returned home and informed the police control room after a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17751323", "title": "350 bags of rice seized in Gopalganj", "text": "PATNA: Over 350 bags of rice meant for mid-day meal were seized by Gopalganj police at Mathauli village under Bhore police station late on Sunday night.Hathwa SDPO Anand Pandey on Monday said he had received information that a contractor was indulging in bungling in the mid-day meal scheme. He said after verification of the information, he raided the house of one, Arvind Choubey, husband of the contractor, Aasha Devi, at around 10 pm.The SDPO said he found a tractor and a mini truck standing in front of Choubey's house with over 350 bags of rice. Describing the modus operandi, the SDPO said the contractor used to lift the rice bags from the godown and instead of sending it to different schools of Kateya and Vijayeepur blocks, took them home.The SDPO said that Choubey then used to take out 10-11 kg rice from the bags and used to sell them in the open market. He said each bag carried 50 kg rice and the bags seized from Choubey's house contained less rice. The SDPO said that the police arrested Choubey and the driver of the two vehicles.Track blocked: The villagers of seven villages including those from Chapiyan and Khajuria blocked the railway track at Dharunkha railway crossing on Gopalganj-Barhariya route in Gopalganj district for over two hours on Monday. They were demanding regular supply of electricity in their villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748760", "title": "Manmohan and Obama: A tale of two speeches", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is a tale of two speeches. The first, delivered by Barack Obama after the senseless slaying of 20 school kids and six adults in Connecticut last week, seemed to come straight from the heart. Few said that the tear wiped away by the US President during the address was fake.The second speech, given by Manmohan Singh on Monday to assuage a nation protesting against the gang rape of a 23-year-old, was delivered deadpan. The Prime Minister spoke the right words but without any display of feeling. Therefore, unlike the first, it lacked connect.While the two politicians have contrasting oratorial styles, both politicians were speaking to the nation for a similar reason: to assuage the feelings of a grievously hurt people. Both were important national addresses. The events that caused them were local but their ripples spread through the nation.If social media is any indication, Singh's TV speech seemed to have failed in the objective it set out to attain. Despite the personal touch about his three daughters, it seemed to lack genuine empathy. A website even wrote an alternative speech for the Indian PM which sounded more heartfelt.Social scientist Ashis Nandy offers a different point of view. He says, \"Manmohan Singh's style is essentially low-key and unheroic. Whether you like it or not is another matter.\"Obama travelled to Newton, the town of the ghastly crime, and read out an 18-minute speech before the parents of the victims. When he said, \"I am very mindful that mere words cannot match the depths of your sorrow nor can they heal your wounded hearts. I can hope it helps for you to know that you are not alone in your grief and that our world too has been torn apart, that all across this land of ours, we have wept with you,\" it appeared to touch a chord with the residents. Many online comments suggest that.Political scientist Imtiaz Ahmed says that the response of the Indian ruling class (to the ongoing anti-rape protest) has been shabby in general, with Singh's speech following the same tenor. \"The protesters are saying that the government is indifferent and unresponsive. The government seems to be missing the point,\" he says.Social commentator Santosh Desai says not only Manmohan Singh, lack of energy in speech is a generic problem of the political class. \"Barring Sandeep Dikshit , how many Delhi MPs have come out and spoken strongly on the issue?\" he asks. \"Modern-day Indian politicians lack the ability and desire to communicate directly with ordinary people and strike a chord with them,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750324", "title": "Red sanders sale 'scam': Shankar Rao incurs HC ire", "text": "HYDERABAD: A division bench of the high court comprising Chief Justice PC Ghose and Justice Vilas Afzalpurkar on Monday asked Congress legislator P Shankar Rao, who had filed a case alleging that red sanders was being sold for a song to private parties with the connivance of the chief minster, to furnish a demand draft equivalent to the amount \"offered\" by alleged contenders to the court.The bench was dealing with a PIL case filed by Shankar Rao. Earlier, the bench had asked him to file an affidavit and substantiate the allegations against the chief minister. The bench wanted to know if the petitioner was willing to get a buyer willing to purchase the red sanders for the alleged high price. When there was no response, the bench took a serious view of the case. At that stage, one of the persons who had participated in 2009 tenders, Suresh, filed a separate writ petition stating that he was not called for negotiations despite quoting a higher price than the person selected by the government for red sanders sale. The court clubbed his case with the PIL filed by Shankar Rao.The bench wanted Shankar Rao to furnish bank drafts equal to the amount offered by Suresh. On Monday, Shankar Rao's counsel pleaded the court to modify the earlier observations. The bench, however, said that this kind of litigation would not be encouraged and the petitioners involved must prove the bonafides. The case is now adjourned to January third week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17749193", "title": "Centre to probe fraud in flagship scheme", "text": "RANCHI: Union rural development ministry has decided to conduct an inquiry into alleged irregularities in Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) schemes in Godda, Dumka and Giridih districts of Jharkhand.Union minister Jairam Ramesh has decided to get an inquiry done into MGNREGA and other Centre-sponsored development schemes after he came to know that some middlemen have seized job cards of many registered workers and even collected wages in the name of those who have never worked in any project in the past. In some cases, the workers were paid less than their actual wage.\"I came to know about the irregularities in schemes undertaken by MGNREGA and other Centre sponsored schemes in Godda, Dumka and Giridih district. I will ensure that a proper inquiry is conducted and see to it that truth prevails. It will also be ensured that the state government takes action against those found guilty,\" said Ramesh during his two-day visit to Jharkhand which concluded on Sunday evening. During his stay in the city, he even had a long discussion on various issues with chief minister Arjun Munda.Sources close to the Union minister said Ramesh was informed by the district people about some middlemen being close to those in power and who have seized MGNREGA job cards from the illiterate villagers.\"There are hundreds of workers in each block who have never worked in schemes under MGNREGA but their names figure in the list of beneficiaries. Huge amounts, at times wages of even two months, have been withdrawn by the middlemen in their name in connivance with state government officials and there is no one to put a stop to this kind of corruption,\" said a source, adding that when the Union minister came to know about this he decided to conduct an inquiry.\"It is expected that a central team will soon visit these districts and inquire about the irregularities not only in MGNREGA but also in Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna and other schemes funded by the Union rural development ministry,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17750175", "title": "Phablets latest fad of Gen Y", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751489", "title": "Proposal on construction of road passed amidst stiff protest by congress", "text": "INDORE: Proposal to spent Rs 150 crores in two packages of Rs 75 cr each on construction of main feeder road and repairing of internal roads were passed amidst stiff protest from opposition in council meet of IMC on Monday.Congress corporator Chhotelal Yadav vehemently opposed the proposal and alleged that rules are violated in giving tender for the project. He went on to allege that matter is being pushed in hush as PWD in-charge Jawahar Mangwani wants to favour a particular contractor.Proposal was listed before the house as a supplementary proposal and was the last item on agenda. Congress corporator demanded to put the matter on hold and asked for files of the project.Yadav said as per the rule, approval of house should have been sought before calling tender. But in this all the rules have been violated, opposition were not even given details of the matter before listing it in the house.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said all the rules have been followed and proposal to construct roads in two packages of Rs 75 crores each were proposed in budget of IMC which was passed few months back. \"Tender for the project has been called three times,\" Moghe said.Moghe said civic body is showing urgency in the matter because Rs 45 crores out of Rs 75 crore will be given by state government and Rs 10 crores has already been received by IMC. \"IMC has to send the status report of the project and if money is not spent on time then money will go back, thus we have to speed up the process,\" Moghe said.Mayor said civic body has sent DPR of Rs 150 crores for several development projects in the city. For this state government will give Rs 45 crores as grant and remaining Rs 105 crores will come from loan. Around 80 per cent of loan will be payed by state government and remaining 20 per cent by the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17750448", "title": "Christmas comes alive", "text": "Carol singing at schoolCherrylane Play School ushered in the Christmas spirit with gala celebrations on school campus on Monday. The festivities began with a reading from the bible and recitation of different hymns and prayer songs. A grand Christmas tree, snow covered flowers and leaves and the snowman added colour and gaiety to the programme. All the tiny tots took part in carol singing and dancing. The fun ended on a high note with the teachers and children singing together.Students dance to Xmas tunesThe little ones of KG wing of DAV Public School, BRS Nagar, celebrated Christmas with good cheer. On Monday, a Christmas party was organized and the students came dressed in pretty outfits complete with Santa caps. A nativity scene was created in school and Santa Claus distributed gifts to the children. A card making activity was also held. Students danced merrily on popular tunes and set the pace for a joyful Christmas and a wonderful New Year.Mom, kids get craftyIt was a real pleasure to see mothers and children bond over a team Christmas craft competition, held at The Little Kingdom Nursery School, Gurdev Nagar. Mothers and children were dressed in the Christmas colours - red, green and white and the mood was joyous. Prizes were awarded to the best dressed children and mothers and also to the most creative crafts. Moms and kids also sang Christmas carols.Students enact Nativity playIt was all light, music and camera on the campus of Harvest International School, Jassowal, when all Harvestians put their best foot forward to celebrate Christmas with great aplomb. The programme began with Nativity Play enacted by the school students. Mellifluous voices of the music teacher Rajeev Mishra and student Japsimran Kaur set the well-lit amphitheatre of HIS reverberating with their singing. The dazzling array of talents showcased on the occasion also includes Rajsthani dance, contemporary dance and western dance performed by the school students.Students welcome Santa Claus to schoolRam Lal Bhasin Public School, Dugri, students celebrated Christmas on Monday with great fervour. Students had an exciting day as they welcomed Santa Claus at the school and decorated trees with balloons, buntings and bells. The senior students sang Christmas carols, while primary section students danced on \"We wish you a merry Christmas\" and \"Jingle bells\".Students come clad as Santa for celebrationsBal Bharati Public School cherished Christmas festivity to commemorate the birth of Jesus Christ on Monday. The school was decorated giving the feel of celebration and the students came clad as Santas. Students expressed their pleasure through wonderful dance performances, fascinating enactments and intoxicating carols. The students of Nursery presented a beautiful dance performance shining as stars on the Christmas tree. Students showcased the customs and rituals related to Christmas to enhance the knowledge of audience.Little Santas, fairies celebrateABC Montessori hosted Christmas celebration on Monday with fervour and gaiety. The whole atmosphere of the school was filled with joy - kids were decked up in colourful attires while others dressed as Santa and fairies. Mayukh Vasudeva ,Harrehmat Khurana, Ravnoor Saggar , Purav Verma, Surkhab Singh of pre nursery and Nursery were dressed up as Santa. Anshima Sharma, Kavneet Kochar, Kimreet Kaur, Kyra Gupta, Ramandeep Kaur Ananya Arya, and Inayat Kaur were dressed up as fairies for the celebration.Students decorate tree, have a ballThe little gems of Balloons Playway, Dugri decorated Xmas trees with bells and balloons to celebrate Christmas. This was also the occasion of Balloons Playway's first anniversary.Kids wearing Santa Clause and fairy dresses had a great time while they sang carols and enjoyed the ball.Fancy dress competitionThe Olive Kid, Civil Lines, celebrated this Xmas festival with great enthusiasm. The school was tastefully decorated giving a feeling of Christmas celebration with the happy sound of pealing bells, lights sparkling everywhere and hymns of joy and peace. Along with this, a decorated hut was also made depicting Lord Christ's birth in Mother Mary's lap. Kids came in fancy dress matching the occasion and performed a dance to the tunes of Jingle Bells and also sang Christmas carols.Tiny tots present dance performanceAn overflow of enthusiasm, mirth, joy was witnessed on the occasion of Christmas celebrations at Green Land Public School, Dugri. Birth of Jesus Christ was showcased through a beautiful dance performance by the tiny tots of nursery and KG. A hut depicting the scene of Jesus Christ's birth was the centre of attraction. Students dressed up as angels, fairies, Santas wished 'Merry Christmas' to one and all and danced on the beats of lovely carols.Christmas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17751259", "title": "HC disposes society's plea", "text": "GURGAON: The Punjab and Haryana high court has disposed a petition moved by the Society for Urban Regeneration (SUR) of Gurgaon seeking intervention in stopping misuse of residential property for commercial activity.The society had moved court alleging that several houses were being used for commercial activities, in violation of the rules. The activities, it was allegaed, were going on in connivance with the officials. The petitioner mentioned stated in the court that no steps have yet been taken against the violators . Earlier, the court had directed the petitioner to implead all those persons as parties to the writ petition who are said to have violated the conditions on which the buildings or flats were allotted to them by the colonizersThe petitioner, however, did not do so.During the hearing, the court said that there was nothing to show either in support of the claim of the petitioners or to bring on record names of those likely to be affected, if an adverse order is passed in the case. The court also held that the situation has since changed and now rules are being strictly implemented in Gurgaon. Disposing off the petition, the court held if the petitioners are still aggrieved, they may file a writ petition by impleading the individuals or owners violating the norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750615", "title": "Demand for justice gets louder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The citizens have kept the vigil on for the Delhi gang rape victim and staged protests demanding death for the rape accused. Citizen groups, political parties and NGOs organized rallies, candle light marches and rallies with banners in various parts of the city.While the All India DSO held the demonstration near Gujarat University, Gujarat Congress women wing condemned the attack and demanded justice for the victim at a rally near Town Hall. A rally in Maninagar and Amraiwadi saw participation of more than 500 citizens who wore black ribbon on their heads as mark of protest. Youth groups also held programmes near Nehrunagar and Naranpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749963", "title": "Harassment complaint against Chennai yoga centre", "text": "CHENNAI: A group of more than 50 people lodged a complaint with the city police commissionerate on Monday alleging that Sadhanalaya Foundation, run by Pankaj Ravindran, was trying to exploit women and that many women had been sexually abused during yoga classes. The Washermenpet-based Social Workers Welfare Association alleged that illegal activities occurred during the yoga sessions organized by Ravindran, who claimed to be a godman.Association president 'Karate' Chandru said couples were mainly invited to enroll for the classes at 1,200 to 1,500 per head. During the classes, they would be asked to sit separately in a hall. \"They were then forced to hug and kiss strangers on the ground that such behaviour was necessary for a joyous life,\" he said. Many members initially opposed such acts but were convinced that it was part of the yoga and meditation process. Meanwhile, a spokesperson for the foundation said the association members were bent on defaming Ravindran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748648", "title": "Injured innocents were 'collateral damage', Neeraj Kumar says", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"There is always collateral damage in a crackdown,\" Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar told a TV channel on Monday, referring to the scores of innocent people and mediapersons who got injured in Sunday's police lathicharge on protesters.The police chief refused to apologize for the Sunday's action by his force but said he regretted that innocent persons had got hurt in the lathicharge.\"If an innocent person has come to harm, I apologize. I feel sorry for that. But I do not apologize for what the police did there. I do not concede that we mishandled the situation ,\" Kumar told CNN IBN.He claimed that he was under no pressure to step down and said, \"I don't believe in quitting\". \"If we do only police bashing all the time, it is not going to lead us anywhere. If sacking a commissioner of police improves the safety of women or changes the security scenario of the country, then do it everyday, then every morning a police commissioner should be sacked,\" he said.Asked if he felt that the media had fuelled the protests, he said, \"Absolutely.\"Kumar said \"totally lumpen\" elements had hijacked the protests at India Gate and police were forced to act. \"The act of rape was very barbaric and the reaction of members of public was only natural. Unfortunately, the demonstration, both on Saturday and Sunday, was hijacked by anti-social elements and they tried to break the barrier. On Sunday, they damaged several DTC buses, uprooted wooden poles being erected for Republic Day and attacked policemen,\" he said.When told that many innocent protesters were also targeted, he asked, \"Is it possible to segregate genuine protesters from hooligans in such situations? There was a sizeable number of unruly elements among the protesters and it was not humanely possible to segregate them from genuine protesters. We will identify them and arrest them.\"Asked about the people's right to protest, a defiant police commissioner said, \"People do have the right to protest, but they cannot protest in an area where section 144 is imposed. They cannot protest in an area where preparation is going on for January 26 celebrations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17751113", "title": "108 ambulance service misused by cops?", "text": "VARANASI: The 108 ambulance service is fast becoming the city cops' preferred method to get rid of injured, abandoned, or unconscious people on the roads away from public view.A case in point is Monday's incident when Adampur cops dispatched an unconscious woman in her twenties to SPG Divisional hospital. The woman was noticed in an unclothed state by passersby and locals at Dotpul, near Kashi railway station who reported this matter to the police. While the police arrived, the natives of the area arranged some clothes to cover her.After the Adampur police arrived, they called the ambulance and asked the driver to take the unconscious woman to SPG hospital. Despite knowing that she was found naked, the cops did not take pains to accompany her to the hospital and ask the doctors to medically examine her for possibility of a sexual crime. The doctors at the emergency ward of the hospital went a step further in apathy and began treatment considering it a simple case of cold.The doctors said no policeman turned up with the woman and as there was no complaint of any untoward incident, they had not conducted any medical examination in this regard. They however admitted that if there had been any symptoms regarding sexual assault, the case could be referred to women's hospital. In the meantime, the superintendent in chief (SIC) of the hospital, DB Singh intervened, and on noticing reporters, asked the doctors to conduct a medical examination. The tests confirmed that the woman had not been victimised by anyone.The SIC admitted that cases like this, in which the police sends the injured or ailing without accompanying them up to the hospital have increased after the introduction of 108 ambulance service. In these circumstances, he said, if the cases are looking of medico-legal advice, the hospital sends its report to Kotwali police for completing legal formalities.The 108 ambulance staff informed that as per the instructions issued to them, they are bound to take any ailing or injured person to the hospital immediately after getting the telephone call. They said that in most cases, the men in khaki send the injured or ailing persons to the hospital in ambulance but avoid escorting them up to to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17750993", "title": "Top shuttlers to miss PSPB action", "text": "BANGALORE: Injuries to Indian ace Saina Nehwal and former National champion Aditi Mutatkar, apart from the absence of Jwala Gutta and Shruti Kurien, have forced Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited to opt out of the 34th Petroleum Sports Promotion Board inter-unit badminton tournament which will get under way in Bangalore this week.Also missing in action would be P Kashyap, who won the Syed Modi GP Gold event in Lucknow last week and PV Sindhu, who reached the final. Sindhu was forced to pull out because her employers BPCL failed to field a team.The December 26-30 event, hosted by Oil and Natural Gas Corporation at the Karnataka Badminton Association courts, however, will see a number of top names like V Diju, Ashwini Ponnappa, Sourabh Verma, Chetan Anand and Karnataka lads Anup Sridhar, Aravind Bhat and Aditya Prakash battle it out against talented young guns for supremacy in the team event and individual events, respectively.A total of 128 participants from oil majors like ONGC, IOC, BPCL, GAIL, EIL, OIL, HPCL and MRPL will be competing in the tournament with the finals scheduled for December 30. National coach P Gopichand is expected to attend the opening ceremony of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17751031", "title": "BJP sacks 30 BSY supporters", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 30 associates of former chief minister and Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) president B S Yeddyurappa , heading state-run boards and corporations , have been sacked by the ruling BJP.In a late evening order, chief minister Jagadish Shettar and state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa acted tough by sacking all 30 from important posts on charges of anti-party activities.The action comes a day after the BJP core team of chief minister Jagadish Shettar, state party president KS Eshwarappa, deputy chief minister R Ashoka, former chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, BJP national general secretary HN Ananth Kumar and party's organizing secretary Santhosh decided to make fresh appointments to statutory boards after removing the rebels.Eshwarappa said, \"Fresh appointments with party cadres will be done very soon.\" Some of the prominent BSY aides who have been axed include Ganesh Karnick, vicechairman of NRI cell, M Rudresh, chairman of Kanteerava Studios, B P Harish who heads the prestigious Karnataka Road Development Corporation Ltd (KRDCL) and M D Lakshminarayan , chief of Karnataka State Handloom Development Corporation Ltd (KSHDCL).The core team also decided to fill two cabinet berths created following the sacking of BJ Puttaswamy and resignation of Sunil Vallyapure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751511", "title": "Police arrests man with Rs 11 lakh cash", "text": "INDORE: Police have arrested a man from the Indore railway station with Rs 11 lakh cash here on Sunday. He was carrying the cash hidden inside a television set.Police said that Sitaram Singh, a resident of Vaishali district in Bihar was arrested from the station premises. He was residing here in Malwiya Nagar.Sitaram was waiting for the train to leave the city when police approached him. He was carrying a television. When police interrogated Sitaram, he told that he is going home.After some further interrogation police found something fishy about. Subsequently, it opened the television's cabinet and found Rs 11.5 lakh stashed inside it.When inquired about the money and its source, he said that he works as security guard in a mall here in Indore. He was in the parking lot once when he found the money.However, he failed to convince cops. Police arrested him immediately and sent him to the jail. He will be interrogated later to extract further information and police will try and collect other facts to corroborate his statements.Recently, a couple in Lasudia was killed and the accused escaped with the valuables. Police are still trying to crack the case. Police will interrogate him to know whether he was involved in any criminal incidents in Indore or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750726", "title": "Auto drivers steeped in criminal activities", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The alleged complicity of an auto-rickshaw driver in the 'molestation' of a teenaged girl here on Sunday night has brought to the fore the disturbing trend of involvement of many auto drivers in crimes in the city.While nearly 15 auto drivers were arrested on charges of murders, thefts, harassment of passengers and forging identity cards in the last one year, a hunt is on to nab the unidentified auto driver, who was transporting the 19-year-old girl from Baramunda bus stand to Master Canteen and took on two drunk men passengers midway, who molested the girl and threw her out of the running vehicle.\"We suspect the involvement of the driver because he did not inform the matter to police. Those two passengers might owe allegiance to him,\" said DCP Nitinjeet Singh.Nabakishore Mohanty, president of Rajdhani Auto-rickshaw Mahasangha, said the association would extend full cooperation to police to nab the driver. \"I condemn the incident. If at all any auto driver is involved in the incident, police should arrest him,\" Mohanty said.Incensed women in the city demanded the police keep a hawk's eye on the activities of auto drivers. \"Rash driving apart, many drivers are very crude while talking to passengers, especially women. Eve-teasing is rampant at many auto stands,\" said Amrita Mishra, final year commerce student of Ravenshaw University.Several working women said it is risky to pass by any auto-rickshaw stand in the evening as most of the drivers are drunk. \"First they insist us to hire their three-wheelers. When we deny, they pass lewd comments at us,\" said Silu Sahoo, a female commuter.A visit to the auto stand near the railway station depicts an unseemly picture. They not only harass commuters but also indulge in brawls over taking on passengers. In May, a scholar from NISER was robbed off his belongings by the driver of an auto he hired near the station. There was a brutal murder of a driver too outside the station last year, clinching the nefarious activities of drivers.Besides, recently police caught some auto drivers using fake identity cards in the city. Instead of obtaining authentic cards from the traffic police, the drivers procured fake cards, manufactured fraudulently in the market.The commissionerate of police in the past had introduced identity card system for auto drivers and made it mandatory for each driver to wear the card on the neck and hang another card (bigger in size) behind his seat, facing passengers. The idea was to provide detailed information about drivers to passengers. Going by the procedure, a driver has to apply for the card to the traffic police after furnishing his license, transport papers and permit license.Sources said police have so far created a database of nearly 15,000 auto drivers in the city. Detailed information about a 'real' driver can be known by the click of a button. More than 17,000 auto-rickshaws ply in the city at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17751037", "title": "Tiwari-led panel bites the dust in NMC teachers' assn poll", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which retained control over the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) by emerging victorious in the municipal elections held this year, suffered a setback when the party-backed panel tasted a big defeat in the teachers' association elections held on Monday.Three office-bearers, including president, chief secretary and treasurer, and 22 executive members were elected after a contest between the Lok Kranti Panel, which was founded and led by standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari, and Rajesh Gavre-backed Shikshak Aghadi Panel. Surprisingly, of the total 25 seats, the Tiwari-backed panel managed to win only two. Gavre got elected as president and his panel won 23 seats. Deorao Mandawkar and Santosh Vishwakarma were elected as chief secretary and treasurer respectively.The Nagpur Municipal Corporation Teachers Association is a prominent organization in the civic body. Therefore, BJP leaders who are also its office-bearers are involved full-time in activities of the association. The Tiwari-led panel had been dominating the association's elections for last two terms. The association's elections are held once in three years.Gavre told TOI the defeat was not of Lok Kranti Panel but of Tiwari and other BJP leaders who adopted all possible means to ensure victory for their panel. \"They even advantage of being in power in the NMC. Of the 1,493 eligible teachers, 1,253 cast their votes. I secured 706 votes and won by a margin of 171. This shows that the teachers are very upset with the BJP-led ruling party,\" he said.Tiwari said this defeat was shocking. \"We nominated female teacher Madhu Parad for the president's post but lost. This shows that we still don't accept woman leaders. Even former mayor Atal Bahadur Singh, who was the first to nominate a woman for the coveted post, had tasted defeat. We too wanted to promote women and empower them. Besides, while in power we ensured that all the problems of the teachers were solved and worked for their welfare,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17749885", "title": "Minister hurt in Howrah accident", "text": "HOWRAH: State irrigation minister Rajib Banerjee and his driver Himangshu Maiti were injured on Sunday night after the minister's car hit a lorry on NH6. Sources said the lorry suddenly swerved without any indicator leading to the accident, which damaged the car badly.The accident took place around 10pm between Jaipur and Kona More and later the minister filed a complaint with the Liluah police station. However, the lorry moved towards Salap from the accident spot s and the police are yet to trace it.Banerjee said that he received injuries on one of his legs. was injured as an impact of the accident.According to him, the lorry had no number on the number plate. \"I was surprised to see that it had only WB 41 written on the number plate. How can such a lorry ply on roads? I have informed the SP and higher officials about the accident.\"The minister said that he was returning from his constituency at Domjur and going to attend a day-and-night football match at Howrah's Kadamtala. \"I do not use any pilot car, but my car had a beacon flash. On the way, a lorry overtook us. As I was already late for the Kadamtala programme, I asked my driver to accelerate. Suddenly, the lorry stopped midway and tried to take a U-turn. As it had stopped without flashing the indicators, my car hit the lorry. Though, my driver had applied brakes. Perhaps for that only the injury is not that much and I am still able to talk.I am so shocked after the accident that I have cancelled some of my programmes, though I attended office on Monday.\" However, the minister is not very sure if the lorry had any sinister design to kill him. \"Let the police probe the matter.\"Additional DC (north) of Howrah police commissionerate, R M Khan, said that efforts were on to trace the lorry and a case of rash and negligent driving has been lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17749042", "title": "Hydro project: Reliance to submit action plan", "text": "ITANAGAR: A comprehensive action plan to address the immediate demands of people affected by Reliance Power's Tato Hydro power Project Limited (THPPL) in West Siang district will be submitted to the district commissioner within a week, said a representative of Reliance Power at a tripartite meeting held recently in Aalo.The meeting, which involved the district administration, the company and the displaced people, was aimed at easing the tension over delay in payment of compensation.Naveen Alag, senior vice president of THPPL said the comprehensive plan would be submitted within a week. He also assured to look into relief payments of Rs 5000 a month to 96 affected families with retrospective effect.West Siang Deputy Commissioner Marnya Ete had sought assurance from the company on timely execution of the project and addressing concerns of people.Though land for the 4x175-MW hydroelectric project was acquired four years ago, no work has started yet. The company has not paid compensation money to project-affected people. Now villagers are questioning Reliance's investment plans.Alag said the company has got necessary approvals for the project, except forest clearance which is likely to come by March 2013. After this, groundwork for the project will start and payments will be cleared.The affected people had asked for written assurance from the company on payment of compensation, official sources informed here on Tuesday.Naveen Alag, senior vice president of THPPL said the comprehensive plan would be submitted within a week. He also assured to look into relief payments of Rs 5000 a month to 96 affected families with retrospective effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749122", "title": "Govt asks channels to show restraint", "text": "NEW DELHI: The I&B; ministry issued an advisory to TV channels on Sunday night asking them to exercise restraint and maturity in covering protests against the Delhi gang-rape incident. Advising against round the clock coverage, the ministry said the incident and the public outcry in its aftermath were \"very sensitive issues\" and \"any inappropriate\" media coverage was likely to vitiate the law and order situation.\"It has been observed that some private satellite news TV channels in their 24x7 coverage have not been showing due responsibility and maturity in telecasting the events relating to the said demonstration and such a telecast is likely to cause deterioration in the law and order, hindering the efforts of the law enforcing authorities,\" the ministry said.The ministry asked channels to follow the programme code under the Cable TV Network Rules, 1994 scrupulously and with due care, maturity and restraint. The ministry warned that any violation of the programme code would invite action under the Cable TV (Regulation) Act, 1995.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17749825", "title": "Panels protect prisoners' rights", "text": "KOLKATA: Members of the Bandi Mukti Committee, the Committee for Release of Political Prisoners and the Centre for Protection of Democratic Rights and Secularism led by rights activist Sujato Bhadra submitted a memorandum to the minister of state for law (independent charge) Chandrima Bhattacharya at Writers' Buildings asking the state government not to succumb to the Centre's pressure to amend the Section 24 of West Bengal Correctional Services Act, 1992. It will narrow down the scope of granting status of political prisoners by the court, the memorandum said.The rights activists have pointed out that the very move to amend the section might take away the status of political prisoners from a large number of prisoners who gained the status in course of a series of legal batttles ever since the said Act came into effect in the state in 2000. They said that by amending the section, the political prisoners status will be reduced to the status of non-political under trial prisoners, through which there will be no distinction between political offences and offences committed for personal gains. \"We want the state government not to succumb to the centre's pressure to amend the section, just like it had earlier withstood a number of times in the issues of FDI and SEZ etc.\" the members said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749552", "title": "Lucknow youth tops UPPCS judicial exam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Public Service Commission (UPPCS) on Monday declared the results of UP Judicial Service Civil Judge (junior division). Lucknow resident Mritunjay Srivastava has topped the exam. A total of 78 candidates were declared successful.An elated Mritunjay said, \"It's a dream come true. I always wanted to see myself in judiciary. It's a perfect new year gift for me and my family.'' He added that hard work and awareness about current affairs was the key to success.Mritunjay's father, GP Srivastava is retired deputy SP (IB) while his mother Shashi Srivastava is a housewife.His brother is a commander in Indian Navy while his two sisters are married.Of 40,000 candidates who appeared in the preliminary exam, 824 were shortlisted for mains. Out of these, 219 candidates were called for the interview and 78 made it to the merit list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17750992", "title": "Build Operate Transfer move for IGGMC expansion faces opposition", "text": "NAGPUR: The long-stuck proposal of Maharashtra government to develop Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) on BOT (Build Operate Transfer) basis, is facing opposition from city NGOs and professionals as the move is sought to being revived. Though everyone is keen that the college should develop, they are against giving away its vast land for commercial purposes.Some are ready to challenge the move in courts if government goes ahead. Others see BOT as another way of postponing the project forever, the chances of roadblocks popping up are immense even if it is sanctioned. Most see it as another form of corruption. Dr Anil Laddhad, president of Jan Aakrosh, says, \"it is the responsibility of government to develop medical colleges. Selling of land to develop a college will be a bad precedent and open doors for more such moves. My organization with 600 other organizations in city will oppose it,\" he said. He has appealed to all local leaders to unite and oppose this commercialization.\"It is time government ended discrimination with Vidarbha and gave the college the required money for development essential to prevent loss of seats. Instead of starting new colleges, first government should strengthen existing ones,\" said Dr Ashok Adhao, former president of national Indian Medical Association from city.For both the IGGMC and the citizens of Nagpur waiting for long for college's expansion, the situation is dicey. \"Beggars can't be choosers. Looking at the government reluctance in giving money to Vidarbha or city we have little option than to accept BOT proposal. Being more practical, I accept it. But my first choice still is where government undertakes entire project by itself,\" said Devendra Fadnavis, BJP MLA from south-west Nagpur. He also does not want the project in piecemeal as it will not give the college and hospital the real form it needs.President of Aakrosh (another NGO) Dr Ashok Lanjewar also opposes BOT proposal. \"It is prime land and public property that the government has no right to sell. BOT proposal shows vested interests of the state government that leave no opportunity to make money. It would leave no scope for any further expansion and spoil the quiet atmosphere of college and hospital. I will file a PIL if the project is started. This does not mean I want to stall the project,\" he said adding he too wanted government should do it on its own like other medical colleges.NO TO BOT* Prime government land shouldn't be given away for commercial exploitation even to raise money for a medical college* Will be a bad precedent and have scope for corruption* Will delay the project even more* Will create noise, pollution and destroy sanctity of the hospital* No scope for future development* If government can develop other colleges on its own, why single out IGGMC for BOT?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17750135", "title": "Fog delays trains, derails life too", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fog continued to delay trains and affect normal life in the city on Monday too. Most of the trains were late by hours, and there was also a delay in departure of some of the trains.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), said \"There is fog due to the low temperature and clear sky. The fog will continue to be foggy till December 28 and since western disturbances are imminent, it may disappear after that. The density of fog is likely to be less on December 25 but it will be thick on December 26 and 27.\"She added, \"The minimum temperature continued to be below normal and was recorded at 5.6 degrees celsius on Monday, whereas the maximum temperature is slightly above normal. With the fog continuing in the city, the minimum temperature is likely to rise, while the maximum temperature will remain the same as it is now.\"Amritsar Shatabdi delayed by 1 hourFog continued to delay trains and affect normal life in the city on Monday too. Most of the trains were late by hours, and there was also a delay in departure of some of the trains.Said S S Salaria, deputy station superintendent, \"The fog which hit many states in northern India too affected the arrival and departure of many trains in the city. The trains which arrived late in the city included Amritsar Shatabdi from Delhi (late by an hour), Ludhiana Shatabdi (by about an hour), Shane-Punjab (five hours), Malwa Express (4.45 hours), Hapa Express (two hours), Dadar Express (three hours), Paschim Express (one-and-a-hour hours), Sealdah Express (two hours and 15 minutes)\". He informed, \"The trains whose departure from Ludhiana was delayed included Amritsar Shatabdi by an hour, Flying Mail (from Amritsar to Jaynagar) by two hours and forty five minutes.\" Fog not only delayed trains, but traffic on city roads too. Visibility was 50 metres at 8.30am in the city and around 100 metres at noon. Vehicles were seen moving at a slow pace locally and also on Jalandhar, Delhi and Chandigarh routes.Said Harpreet Kaur, a homemaker of BRS Nagar, \"We drove from Chandigarh to the city in our car. As it was quite foggy on the way and in the city as well, it took us around 3 hours and 15 minutes to reach home. Normally it takes around 2 hours.\"Mayank Gupta, another resident, said, \"It was quite foggy in the city especially on Ferozepur Road, Jagraon Bridge, Sarabha Nagar, BRS Nagar and South City, where there was a thick blanket of fog.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750647", "title": "Time limit soon for delivery of public services", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Narendra Modi government may enact the Public Service Delivery Act on the lines of states like Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh among others. The Gujarat BJP had assured a time-bound public service delivery act as a key poll promise in the 2012 assembly polls.So far, 17 states have passed similar acts modelled on a legislation passed by the Lok Sabha. Public Service Delivery Act promises time-bound delivery of numerous public services like civic, revenue, among others.Highly placed sources in the state General Administration Department ( GAD) said, \"The primary draft of the proposed Gujarat Public Service Delivery Act is ready and if the CM office clears it, it will be tabled in the upcoming budget session in February-March.\"However, as the BJP had promised in its poll manifesto, if the Rajya Sabha does not give its nod to the proposed act, the state Government is likely to push its own draft bill.Right to Public Services Legislation or Public Service Delivery Act comprises statutory laws which guarantees time-bound delivery of services for various public services rendered by the government to citizens and provides mechanism for punishing errant public servants who are deficient in providing the services stipulated under the statute.Many states have made provision for legal action against the government officials concerned who failed to deliver the services stipulated from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17751085", "title": "Nepal president to attend convocation at Banaras Hindu University", "text": "VARANASI: While president of Nepal, Ram Baran Yadav will be in the city to attend the special convocation at Banaras Hindu University (BHU) where he will be awarded with LLD (Honoris Causa) on Tuesday, it is also expected that he would visit the Samrajeswar Pashupatinath Nepali, commonly known as Nepali temple, situated at Lalita ghat along the river Ganga in Varanasi. Keeping Nepal's President's visit in view, Varanasi Municipal Corporation ( VMC) took special note of the unhygienic conditions prevailing in the area and special orders were given to the zonal officers to look after the cleanliness and sanitation around the Vishwanath temple and Nepali temple premises.The ancient Nepali temple which is embedded with spectacular architecture is entering oblivion. While no attention is paid to the condition of serpentine lanes and debris of the collapsed walls and near by houses surrounding the temple, the unhygienic condition prevailing near the temple leaves no space for the arrival of tourists.The two-storeyed pagoda style architecture on the banks of Ganga is the replica of Pashupatinath temple of Nepal. According to Samrajeshwar Pashupatinath Temple Trust, which has been entrusted for the upkeep of the site, the temple and its adjacent area belongs to the Nepal government. \"The pagoda style architecture distinguishes it from the domain of Indian temples. It is well known among the foreign tourists for its exquisite mythological and erotic carvings on terracotta, wood, and stone produced by artisans from Nepal,\" informed Lekhnath Acharya, in charge of the trust.This glorious Nepali site at Lalita ghat of Varanasi also consists of a rest house, an old age home, and an informal vedic school. \"A sum of Rs three lakh is given to the trust by Nepal government. Apart from that, Nepal government also gave a sum of Rs 50,000 for maintaining a tourist information counter in the premises of the temple. The information counter was developed only five years ago to inform tourists about the tourists sites, food, accommodation in Nepal,\" informed Lekhnath.\"However, the sum is too less to maintain all these ventures together. The temple is losing its texture and at the same time running the old age home, rest house, and the other maintenance work would cost a good amount of money. We are somewhat dependent upon the tourists revenue only,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752984", "title": "Samantha most preferred", "text": "Samantha rose to fame with her role in 'Naan E' starring opposite Nani after her initial movie like 'Baana Kaatthaadi' and 'Vinnai Thaandi Varuvaaya'. The performance in 'Naan E' earned her the role in Gautam Menon's 'Nee Thane En Ponvasantham' opposite Jiiva in Tamil and the same movie opposite Nani in Telugu.Though her latest release ' Nee Thane En Ponvasantham ' hasn't been receiving the appreciation as a film, her performance in the movie has been noticed and she has been getting good reviews. The young heroes of Kollywood, who heaped praises upon Samantha, are requesting her to pair up with them.Samantha, who was initially disappointed that the movie ' Nee Thane En Ponvasantham ' has not fulfilled her anticipation, seems to be happy now. Despite the actress losing a few projects like ' Kadal ' and ' I ' due to prolonged illness, Samantha seems to have got strong foothold with her performances.The pretty actress seems to have signed up quite a few projects and she had recently mentioned that she doesn't want to talk about my new projects until the first day of shoot starts, but revealed that there are some exciting projects lined up in the coming months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748927", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Verma panel starts work, seeks views", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid serious debate over inadequacy of present laws to protect women, the committee set up to recommend changes in law on Monday sought public comments by January 5. The move may finally see the government bring the required legislation in Parliament during the budget session in February-March next year.The committee - headed by former Chief Justice of India J S Verma - was constituted on Sunday night to look into possible amendments to criminal law so as to provide for quicker trial and enhanced punishment for those accused of \"sexual assault of extreme nature against women\".Since the government has ruled out the possibility of holding a special session of Parliament on the issue, it is learnt that the home ministry will incorporate Verma committee's recommendations on stringent law for sexual crimes in the pending amendment legislation - Criminal Law (Amendment) Bill, 2012 - that was introduced in Lok Sabha on December 4.\"Bringing an ordinance before the budget session is highly unlikely as there is no point rushing it through in light of the impending (budget) session after getting the committee's recommendations,\" an official said.Ruling out a special session of Parliament, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde , who met the chief justice of Delhi High Court and requested him to set up fast-track courts to deal with crime against women, particularly the recent gang-rape, said the government would quickly act on the committee's suggestions.\"You will see our action, then you will realize. We have given one month's time to this committee. I will request them to give their suggestions as early as possible and we will act upon them,\" Shinde said.Hours after being constituted, the committee -- comprising Justice (retired) Leila Seth and former solicitor general Gopal Subramaniam - on Monday sought comments from the public, particularly eminent jurists, legal professionals, NGOs, women's groups and civil society members on reviewing existing laws.\"The suggestions can be sent by email to justice.verma@nic.in or through FAX at 011-23092675,\" a home ministry statement said.The ministry, meanwhile, convened a meeting of chief secretaries and directors general of police of all states on January 4 to take stock of crimes against women, particularly rape. Views of top cops and other state functionaries will be taken over possible amendments in the law.Amid clamour for capital punishment for rapists, law minister Ashwani Kumar said society, as well as jurists, were divided on the issue and government was open to persuasion by either side. \"Rape is punishable by life imprisonment, which, by all accounts, is a very harsh punishment. Some people say it is even more difficult than death penalty because you suffer a feeling of death every day inside prison,\" Kumar told a TV channel.Asked whether he supported death for rape, he said though his personal views were irrelevant, \"there are two words on it in society, there are two views amongst jurists, there are two views among the political class\".\"Some say death penalty might prompt the culprit to murder the victims of rape. I don't say I have the last word on it... it would be left to the wisdom of this (Justice J S Verma) committee to recommend what they think whether capital punishment would be enough of a deterrent or not,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17751623", "title": "12 stolen bikes found with parts missing", "text": "VADODARA: Raopura police found 12 motorcycles stripped off several of its parts from Navlakhi grounds. It is believed that the motorcycles were stolen and its parts were being removed from time to time.Sleuths of Raopura police station had received a tip off regarding unclaimed motorcycles lying in the ravines and bushes at Navlakhi grounds. A visit to the spot led the police to 12 motorcycles.One of the motorcycles was charred while parts were missing from the others. Investigations so far have revealed that two of the motorcycles were stolen from the precincts of Raopura police station itself. Offences were registered regarding these at the police station.Officials said that police stations across the city have been alerted and asked to give information regarding stolen motorcycles there. The chassis numbers of most of the motorcycles were found intact making it possible to identify if these were stolen.The police suspect that as and when a customer came up for a particular part or when the person who had kept the motorcycles needed money, their parts were sold off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752773", "title": "Grand celebration on cards for Salman's b'day and 'Dabangg 2' success", "text": "It's been a terrific year for the Tiger. Salman Khan had a blockbuster Ek Tha Tiger earlier this year during Eid. Now he's all set to deliver a super-blockbuster at year-end. Early indications are that Dabangg 2 would not only exceed the box office profits of Dabangg and Ek Tha Tiger, it would probably become one of the biggest hits of Salman's career.Understandably there is an air of heightened jubilation in the Khan household, more so since it's Salman's 47th birthday on 27 December.One got to know from a source very close to Salman that a huge success party is being planned. \"On a scale never seen before in Salman's family,\" whispers a source close to his family.Says the source, \"The Khan parivar is in the mood for celebration. Salman's had a terrific year. And though some ugly incidents from the past (the black-buck episode, the hit-and-run incident) were raised the family has never felt more unified and at peace with Salman's success. Salman too is in a happy space. And it's not just Salman. Arbaaz has proven himself as a director. He has let the world know there's more to him than just being a star-brother. As a family, the Khans would like to stand together for once and show the world what a wonderful year it has been for them.\"While details of the bash are being worked out, Arbaaz admitted there was a celebration on the anvil. \"With Salman Bhai's birthday around the corner and Dabangg 2 opening the way it has, it does seem like the right time to celebrate. See, everyone expected Dabangg 2 to open very well, what with the franchise still fresh in the audiences' minds and the Christmas window open to us on our release. But I feel good when people tell me they're enjoying Dabangg 2 even more than Dabangg , For me, that's the real triumph. It proves I've been able to carry the brand forward on my own steam.\"Arbaaz admits for the first time, that he had to undergo a long period of stress to move the Dabangg franchise forward. \"I didn't want people to say I messed up the Dabangg brand or that I didn't add anything new to it. We spent around 6 months on the script. And then I shot the actual film for 100 days which is far less than what other recent Salman films took to shoot. But I didn't compromise in any way. The film doesn't like a hurried cut-and-paste job.\"Abraaz has only one regret. \"We should have taken Salman Bhai to more cities for promotion. He went to Hyderabad three days before release. And the box office numbers there show that his visit made a difference.\"Without taking away from Abhinav Kashyap's triumph in Dabangg, Arbaaz feels as the producer he had much to contribute to the first film. \"I didn't come to Dabangg 2 as a novice. I was an integral part of the filmmaking team in Dabangg . Salman and I worked really hard on bringing massy elements into the plot. Abhinav was against Salman doing lip-sync songs. But we insisted and to his credit, Abhinav saw our point of view and rewrote the scenes accordingly. Now in Dabangg 2 it's those massy elements that I've carried forward.\"In the meanwhile one hears Salman may direct the next Dabangg film while Arbaaz may go on to direct another film altogether.Says Arbaaz, \"These are notions which we're exploring. At the moment we're focusing on enjoying the success of Dabangg 2 . It was never about just adding a 2 to Dabangg . And we're definitely in the mood for celebration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749849", "title": "Fog blinds Delhi, hits flights on eve of Christmas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fog intensified over the capital on Christmas eve, blinding the city in the morning and late night hours, and severely disrupting air and rail traffic. Visibility dipped to zero at the IGI Airport for several hours from 11.30pm on Sunday and one of its two runways had to be shut for almost half a day, leading to 18 diversions, several cancellations and more than 100 delayed flights.Fog set in early on Sunday night and continued till past 9am on Monday. Visibility improved during the day but by as early as 8pm on Monday, the fog at some places was already so dense that those out in the open described it as a 'walk in the clouds'. Fog is likely to continue for several days, with a break of a day or two from Wednesday.There was a slight rise in temperature on Monday though the fog ensured that no relief was experienced by Delhiites. The maximum went up to 19.1 degrees Celsius, three degrees below normal while the minimum was 7.7 degrees Celsius. Ayanagar reported the lowest minimum temperature in the city with 5.2 degrees Celsius.\"No significant change in minimum temperature is likely over the next two days. Rain and snow is expected over a few places in Jammu and Kashmir for another two days after which it will intensify,\" said a Met official.At the airport, low visibility conditions were in place for a little over 17 hours during which time 433 flights operated. These included 21 flights under CAT-IIIB conditions (for visibility below 50m) and 64 under CAT-IIIA conditions.One of the casualties of the dense fog was Air India's latest acquisition, the Dreamliner Boeing 787. The Bangalore-Delhi flight was among those diverted as it could not land in CAT-III conditions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that is a visibility range of 0-200m. \"There are probably some certification issues with the aircraft which is why it could not land in CAT-IIIB conditions,\" an airport official said.\"The number of diversions was large due to two reasons. First, there was major air traffic congestion since only one runway was available for both arrivals and departures for over 10 hours. Second, there were many flights that were not CAT-III compliant,\" the official said.The railways cancelled six trains and rescheduled the departure timings of close to 50 trains. According to a Northern Railway spokesperson, more than 80 trains, including the Rajdhani and the Shatabdi express, arrived in the city several hours behind schedule.The fog current stretches over large parts of the northern plains. Met officials said all airports from Lahore in Pakistan to Amritsar, Chandigarh, Delhi, Lucknow, Patna , Gorakhpur, Allahabad, Kanpur, Patna, Kolkata, Guwahati and Agratala have been hit by what is known as advection fog, as it was not preceded by a western disturbance or rain.R K Jenamani, director in-charge at the IGI Met said that since Sunday, meteorological conditions were more or less similar though the wind direction had changed from easterly to cold west/northwesterly. Fog over the eastern part of the country, from where it travelled to northwest India via easterly winds, was less dense compared to what was experienced in northwest India on Monday.\"With humidity around 100%, conditions are ideal for fog formation. The atmosphere is highly stable and there is no break in the massive fog blanket that continues to cover the plains. The dense fog is likely to continue till Wednesday. From December 27, a new western disturbance is likely to affect the Himalayas and there may be some reduction in fog density on December 26. However, fog will intensify again on Thursday,\" said Jenamani.A Chinese tourist, travelling with her parents, was on the verge of missing Christmas at home in Shanghai . Her flight from Mumbai to Delhi on Air India was delayed by an hour and a half as a result of which she missed her Eastern China connection from Delhi to Shanghai. She remained at the airport till early Monday morning after which she was sent to a hotel by Air India. In the morning, however, both airlines washed their hands of the matter and till 1.30pm, the family was waiting at the airport with no idea of how they would get home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17749845", "title": "Cache of explosives seized", "text": "KOLKATA: Central forces late on Sunday seized gelatin sticks and ammonium nitrate weighing 15 kg from the Barabazar thana area, close to the Jharkhand border, in Purulia. Police are apprehending that the explosives were brought from Jharkhand for attacking the CRP as Maoists are rebuilding their base in the area.Though the area from which the explosives were seized is not a regular route of the central forces, it could have created a major devastation, a senior officer said. The explosives were planted below a culvert. An officer said that the Maoists were trying to source in arms from Seraikela district and the Nimdih police station in Jharkhand had been alerted in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751453", "title": "Oriental varsity students on hunger strike", "text": "INDORE: Fed up with \"prolonged ignorance\" of authorities, students pursuing diploma in engineering with private Oriental University have intensified their protest. Around four students out of 600 of first and second year of the course went on an indefinite hunger strike from Monday to press for their demand of action against the university authorities.The students say that they are protesting the \"utter neglect\" of the authorities including those in All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), Directorate of Technical Education (DTE).The students also boycotted the Surveying subject examination scheduled for Monday.Refused entry into the campus premises, the students displayed placards and posters and raised slogans against the university authorities before sitting on hunger strike outside the university campus.One of the students, Sanjay Kotwar, said, \"There is no point in taking the examination not recognized by the governing body. The university and the government are playing with our careers and are giving permission to run the private universities to people who have reduced the noble profession of imparting education to mere a business. We will not budge from the hunger strike until the government takes action and gives us justice.\"Another student Abhishek Choudhary said, \"We have taken extreme step as the authorities concerned are giving us cold response. Neither of the regulatory authorities has taken cognizance of our plight.\"The students have also decided to file a case against the university chancellor and write to the governor appealing him to look into the matter.Supporting the cause, sundry students' unions extended their support. NSUI leader Javed Khan said, \"We have made arrangements for students as the university is not allowing them to stage protest inside the campus. The police and administration are working hand-in-glove with the university authorities and turning blind-eye to the students.\"University director Gaurav Thakral refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17750718", "title": "Acid attack victim heals others", "text": "Mysore: She went through a horrifying experience in life. However, with immense willpower and family support she sailed through the difficult times. A victim of acid attack, Mahalakshmi did not restrict her life to the four walls of the house. With wounds running deep in her heart , she works hard to heal the wounds of poor patients. Dr Mahalakshmi Y N was 26 years old when she was attacked by her ex-landlord Chikkabasavaiah on January 11, 2001. Mahalakshmi, who was staying in a rented house in JP Nagar, changed house when Chikkabasavaiah misbehaved with her. She approached police when he did not refund the advance amount. Angry over this, Chikkabasavaiah threw acid on her face while she was walking to her house in the evening. The incident left her partially blind and dumb, besides disfiguring her face. She had to undergo 22 surgeries. Relying on the support of parents and friends , she continued her studies. She took up a government job and is now working as an administrative medical officer at a public health centre on Chamundi Hills Road in the city. \"It was difficult for me to face the mirror after the attack. Though disfigurement may kill you from inside, one has to move on and prove his/her worth. I am blessed to have a supportive family and friends,\" she says. Eleven years after the attack, Chikkabasavaiah was sentenced to three years' rigorous imprisonment. Mahalakshmi says she lives for her daughter, 16-year-old Anagha. Anagha was just 4 years old when the incident happened. \"At a very tender age, she understood the hard reality of life and has been my support ever since,\" the doctor says. When asked about her mother, Anagha said: \"She is a brave woman and a role model for me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "muktsar", "code": "17749571", "title": "Six youths held for molesting woman constable", "text": "MUKTSAR: A day after a woman constable was allegedly molested and an assistant sub-inspector beaten up during a school function in Mallan village in Gidderbaha, police on Monday arrested six youths, including a kabaddi player.Police said that the youths also attacked the police party, which had gone to Bhalaiana village to arrest them, but cops eventually overpowered them. Two police personnel sustained injuries while three accused were also injured in the clash.Muktsar SSP Surjeet Singh said that three accused, who tried to jump out from the police jeep, got injured.The arrested have been identified as Amandeep Singh, Harjinder Singh, Sherbaj Singh, Sukhdeep Singh, Babbu Singh and Harjinder Singh. Sherbaj Singh aka Baja Mallan is an international kabaddi player.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749033", "title": "State invites designs for Juhu flyover", "text": "MUMBAI: In a significant move to decongest traffic in the western suburbs, the state administration on Monday invited consultants to design a flyover to help traffic avoid the crowded JVPD junction.\"We have floated a tender inviting designs for the proposed flyover as, in the present scenario, JVPD junction gets high huge traffic delaying commuting time by a minimum of 15 minutes,\"the disposal by minimum 15 minutes said a senior official with the city's metropolitan administration.Similarly, the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) also wants consultants to design an additional parking facility in Bandra Kurla Complex to reduce parking on the roads in and around the business hub.According to MMRDA sources, the flyover over the JVPD junction will start on Gulmohar Road and will end towards New Link Road, to help offer direct access to Lokhandwala-bound traffic coming from Western Express highway (WEH).Currently, traffic from S V Road and Burfiwala flyover comes to Gulmohar Road to go to New Link Road but runs into crosses with the traffic from Juhu, sources said.\"The flyover will provide direct access to traffic between New Link Road and WEH or S V Road. And the Roads under the flyover will cater to traffic from Juhu and Godrej Beach Road ,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17751767", "title": "South Guj may get more representation in Modi ministry", "text": "SURAT: BJP legislators from south Gujarat are likely to demand huge pie in the Narendra Modi ministry. The saffron party won 28 out of the 35 seats in the region; it's best-ever performance in any elections till date.Sources in the political circle said that at least six winners are likely to get ministerial berths. Apart from three ministers Narottam Patel, Ranjit Gilitwala both from Surat city and Mangu Patel representing Gandevi, it is probable that a representative of Valsad district will make an entry into the cabinet.Newly elected legislator from Pardi Kanu Desai would the frontrunner if Modi decides to give representation to someone from the industrial belt in Vapi .\"Generally, balance is sought and districts are given representation (in the ministry). With 2014 Lok Sabha elections in mind and the fact that BJP lost two of five district seats namely Dharampur and Kaprada to Congress here, selecting an MLA from the district for minister post will give the right message to people,\" said a senior minister of former Modi government.Former IAS officer R C Patel, who won the Jalalpore seat, is also likely to be given consideration for Koli Patel representation in the ministry.Names of former mayor of Surat Ajay Chokshi and two-time MLA Kishore Wankawala are already making rounds. Ganpat Vasava, who won from Mangrol of Surat district who was selected for the prestigious post of Speaker of the House, may also make his ministerial debut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17750465", "title": "3 killed, 5 injured in tumtum-truck collision", "text": "Hubli: Three persons died on the spot and five injured when a tumtum they were travelling in collided with a truck at Ramgiri near Laksmeshwar in Gadag district on Monday evening. The deceased are Mahaveer Gowda Patil,52, Fakirsaab Nadaf,53, and Ningappa Devarmani,37, all residents of Harlapur village in Kundgol taluk of Dharwad district. The incident took place when the tumtum was going towards Hubli from Laksmeshwar and the truck was coming from Hubli. Police said the injured have been admitted to KIMS hospital here. A case has been registered in Laksmeshwar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749322", "title": "Cold wave grips north, death toll touches 11", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cold wave was relentless in most parts of North India on Monday, claiming six more lives to take the death toll in the past three days to eleven. As predicted by the Met department, the mercury remained low and residents of New Delhi, who went to bed on a fog-enveloped Sunday night, woke up to a foggy morning and a cloudy sky.Uttar Pradesh has been the worst-hit state with the total number of deaths due to cold touching 10 in three days. Two people lost their lives in Bahraich district while one each was killed in Gonda, Kannauj and Farrukhabad since Sunday. The maximum temperature was below normal by 5 to 13 degree Celsius in parts of the state, Met department said. Earlier three people, including a woman, had died in Ballia district, one death each was reported from Maharajganj and Barabanki districts. In Jammu, a beggar died due to cold conditions in Samba district. In New Delhi a blanket of fog reduced visibility while the minimum temperature was recorded as 7.7 degrees C, Met department said, forecasting a foggy morning for Tuesday.Lucknow recorded its 'coldest day' in the last one year on Sunday when maximum temperature dropped to 11.6 degrees Celsius, 11 degrees below normal. There was some relief on Monday due to sunshine in the afternoon. The minimum temperature which was 4.4 degrees Celsius on Saturday and 5.2 degrees Celsius on Sunday rose to 9.2 degrees Celsius on Monday. However, fog in the morning delayed several flights. Almost all the trains were running 6-18 hours late. Road traffic was also badly hit. Muzaffarnagar recorded 3.2 degrees Celsius, the lowest minimum temperature in the state.Dense fog affected air and rail traffic in Rajasthan with the maximum impact being felt in Jaipur. Two Jaipur-bound flights were diverted while at least six early morning trains arrived late at Jaipur railway station. Mount Abu and Churu were the coldest areas recording a minimum temperature of 3.8 and 5.1 degree Celsius respectively.Uttarakhand hill districts bucked the trend and are experiencing clear sunshine. Met director Anand Sharma described weather conditions as pleasant for tourists coming to Mussoorie, Nainital, Mukteshwar, and Ranikhet to celebrate the New Year. Sachin Tendulkar came to Mussoorie with his family on Sunday.Despite clear skies, there is no respite from the bone-chilling cold across the plains of Punjab and Haryana. An aged person was found dead under a bus shelter near Red Cross office in Bhiwani town of Haryana. Extreme cold conditions also resulted in the death of a migrant labourer in Reckong Peo town of Kinnaur district in Himachal few days back. Budhnath belonged to Ghumla district of Jharkhand and was working as a labourer in Reckong Peo.In Himachal, the minimum temperature at high altitude areas is hovering between -1 to -10 degrees Celsius. Keylong town of Lahaul-Spiti district in HP is the coldest place in the state with minimum temperature hitting below -8 degrees Celsius. With 'white Christmas' giving yet another miss to tourist towns of Himachal, the New Year eve is expected to get some snow as Shimla Met department has predicted change in weather conditions after December 26 with rain and snow predicted.Bihar was also hit by a cold wave and thick fog, disrupting rail and air services. A number of trains, including the Delhi-Patna Rajdhani Express, were late by several hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17749953", "title": "Expect a Metro fare hike in January", "text": "KOLKATA: It's only a matter of time now before Metro fares in Kolkata are hiked by a rupee per zone.While the minimum fare will be Rs 5, the maximum would become Rs 15. The Delhi Metro, which is fully air-conditioned, has a minimum fare of Rs 8 and the maximum can go up to Rs 30.The moderate hike won't help the Kolkata Metro wipe out its revenue deficit but it will help lower the operating ratio from 300 Metro spends Rs 300 to earn Rs 100.The Metro fare structure has not been revised since 2002. Today, after the recent hike in bus fares, Metro is the cheapest form of public transport.\"The more services we introduce, the greater our revenue deficit. By March 2013, we plan to add 50 more services. Though the number of commuters has gone up, it hasn't helped offset our deficit. Hopefully, the new fare structure will come into effect by end-January, 2013, and things will slowly improve. Even commuters want fares to be hiked,\" an official said.In October this year, soon after Trinamool Congress withdrew from the UPA and gave up the railway ministry, a committee was formed to decide a new fare structure. It submitted its proposal to the Railway Board and the Rail Tariff Authority (RTA) has already announced a possible hike in fares. While for other zones the increase is likely to be five to ten paise per km, additional calculations will have to be done in the Metro's case as it traverses a small distance.\"We had expected the former railway minister to increase fares but he was clearly working under the instructions of Mamata Banerjee. Things aren't going to be easy this time round either. We anticipate some trouble once the announcement is made. We just hope that politicians understand that Metro services can't be provided at these rates anywhere in the world. We don't want to earn a surplus but the deficit has to come down if the Railway Board is to clear more funds for the zone,\" the official added.According to another official, requests have been received from a large number of commuters to increase fares and provide better services. \"Trains are getting extremely crowded. We have been told by commuters that there are some miscreants who take advantage of this situation to misbehave with women. They want the minimum fare to be hiked to dissuade such mischief-makers from spending Rs 4 and taking a ride,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750474", "title": "Traffic curbs for President's visit", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police have imposed traffic restrictions in view of the President's visit to the city as part of his southern sojourn. Traffic will be diverted on Wednesday between Begumpet Airport and Rashtrapati Nilayam in Bolarum, between 1.15 pm and 2.20 pm.Vehicular traffic will not be allowed from Begump airport - Rasoolpura junction - CTO Flyover - Plaza X Roads - Tivoli X Roads - NCC Directorate X Roads - Secunderabad Club in-gate -Vikrampuri - Karkhana law and order PS - Hanuman Temple - RTA Office - Trimulgherry X Roads - Holy Family Church - Lal Bazar 'T' Junction - MCEME Signal - Lothkunta 'Y' Junction - Malla Reddy Nagar - Rashtrapathi Nilayam. Police have appealed to the citizens to take alternate routes during this period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17761284", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Constable dies on duty, many questions remain", "text": "NEW DELHI: Constable Subhash Tomar, 47, who suffered a cardiac arrest when the protests against Nirbhaya's gang-rape turned violent at India Gate on Sunday, died on Tuesday morning at Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital and was given a state funeral, with police commissioner Neeraj Kumar himself leading the mourners as a pall-bearer.Police also showed their intention to act tough on the protesters by adding the section of murder to the existing case of rioting and attempt to murder at the Tilak Marg police station.The decision to give Tomar a state funeral has kicked up an unseeming controversy, with critics saying it was the police's way of justifying their lathicharge last Sunday. The cops defended the decision saying the constable had fallen in the line of duty and deserved the honour.On the nature of Tomar's injuries too, the police and doctors' versions did not quite square up. While the RML doctors told TOI that the constable had no \"external\" injuries and was treated only for cardiac arrest, the police chief said preliminary post mortem findings suggested \"internal\" injuries.Meanwhile, an AAP activist, Yogender, who claimed to have seen Tomar fall on Sunday, appeared on NDTV India and said the constable slumped to the ground on his own. Yogender said it was he who called an ambulance, which arrived 20 minutes later, and that Tomar initially got no help from his colleagues. Police dismissed this account, saying it had many discrepancies.Meanwhile, questions were raised on the police commissioner lending his shoulder to the constable's bier, quite an unprecedented gesture for a policeman who lost his life in the line of duty. Some saw it as an attempt to deflect criticism the force has been facing after the gang rape incident.Commissioner Neeraj Kumar cited doctor's findings to say that Tomar had internal injuries on his chest, neck and lower abdomen. \"Whatever injuries we are telling you about comes from what the RML doctors have told us,\" he said.\"We are adding the murder section based on the doctors' inputs,'' Taj Hasan, joint CP (central range), told the media.The real picture can only emerge once the post mortem report released after three days. The autopsy was conducted on Tuesday morning.Meanwhile, doctors at RML Hospital said Tomar didn't have any external injuries. \"There were minor bruises on the chest and right wrist. He had suffered a cardiac arrest and was unconscious when brought to the hospital. We resuscitated him and had put him on ventilator support,'' said Dr T S Sidhu, medical superintendent, RML Hospital.Sources say that doctors had performed investigations like X-ray and ultrasound. \"He was being treated for cardiac problems. He had no other serious complication. He didn't have any fractures,'' said Dr Sidhu.This was confirmed by Dr Jagdish Prasad, DGHS, Union health ministry, \"The MS had briefed me on Sunday about his condition. There were no external injuries. As he had suffered a heart attack, doctors at RML had to resuscitate him by giving cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR).\"Times ViewAnybody getting killed, whether policeman or protester, in the course of a stand-off between the two is a sad thing and must not be brushed aside as 'collateral damage'. However, the government and the police must not use this tragic death as a convenient brush with which to tar protesters as a bunch of hooligans out simply to create trouble. The precise circumstances in which constable Tomar died remain a matter of speculation. If indeed some among the protesters deliberately trampled upon him leading to his death, they must be caught and punished. But a random crackdown on all protesters as revenge for his death or attempts to frame some people for it should not be tolerated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750629", "title": "Trust raped within the family", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In Gujarat, rapist is not a stranger lurking in the shadows to pounce on victims. He is most likely to be a family member, a distant relative, a neighbour or even an employer. Police records state that of the 439 rape cases reported in the state, 438 victims have told investigators that they knew the assailant! In just one case, the tormentor was a stranger.In past five years, the ratio of cases where the assailants were known to rape victims hovers at around 98 per cent. Even as rage over the brutal rape of a paramedical student in New Delhi has the country on the boil, the pattern of rapes put Gujarat in a different spotlight.Considered to be safe haven, Gujarat has reported more than a rape every day along with equal number of complaints related to molestation and eve-teasing. Data published in National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB)'s annual publication 'Crime In India' over past five years says that most vulnerable age group related to the sexual offences is 18 to 30 years with over 50 per cent of total cases registered in this category.Known people though do not even spare little girls who have not even started school. In Bapunagar recently, a four-year-old was raped by a 23-year-old man. He was her neighbour who lured the girl with games and chocolates and took her to his residence to play. He played with her life instead.\"It is a myth that Gujarat is safe for women. Here, danger lurks more in the homes and neighbourhoods as in majority rape cases we deal with, the girls identify the rapist. To my mind, this is a bigger breach of trust, as the known men cultivate trust in the girls and execute the crime with great planning in cold blood. Such friendly neighbours lure girls as young as four to eight years to an isolated spot and rape them\", says Manjula Pradeep of Navsarjan, who champions the cause of dalit rape victims.Pradeep is of a strong opinion that girls should be taught about possible sexual abuse at a young age and be trained in self-defense.Gaurang Jani, an Ahmedabad-based sociologist, deciphered the trend as fallout of power game between sexes and lack of education amongst the teens. \"Traditionally women are considered weaker sex and the most vulnerable are dependants and widows in our society who cannot go to anybody and complain. We have noticed a rather dangerous trend where the young girls fall prey to deceiving boys who lure them for casual relationship and exploit them,\" said Jani.He cited a recent example where a medical student in Rajkot was raped by a courier company employee pretending to be a medical student and after a couple of meetings raped her. \"While a daughter is educated by her mother once she enters her puberty about her sexuality, the same is not the case with boys. I believe that sex education and sensitization of teens can bring change in current mindset,\" he added.Talking about the trend, a senior police official said that the reason why most of the victims know the assailant is the failed relationships and sexual exploitation. \"We often see that the young couples fall in love and the boy cajoles the girl to develop a physical relationship. Hoping it to be consummated later in the future, the girl gives in and becomes victim of exploitation. As per the NCRB data, the assailants include family members, relatives and neighbours,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749965", "title": "Teen goes under knife 6 times in 3 months", "text": "CHENNAI: He underwent six surgeries in three months for a rare intestinal infection. But 16-year-old Vignesh said there was a bigger challenge waiting for him in three months - his Class 12 board exams.\"I want to become a chartered accountant . I can't afford to miss my board exams. It's my determination that helped me pull through six surgeries,\" said Vignesh. His face looked tired, but resilience was visible in his soft yet steady voice and eyes.A few years ago, he was diagnosed with inflammation of the large intestine, a disease called ulcerative colitis. Vignesh's parents first noticed the symptoms in 2008 when he frequently visited the toilet. \"Sometimes he went to the toilet 20 times a day. He often saw blood in his stool,\" said K S Rajasekar, Vignesh's father. When a doctor diagnosed him with ulcerative colitis, he was put on medication for at least three years. But there were no signs of improvement.His parents became anxious as Vignesh looked smaller than his class mates. \"He had an upset stomach and blood in his stool. He also lost consciousness at times. Doctors then told us that surgery would help,\" said his mother Shanthi Rajasekar.In August this year, Vignesh was admitted to Lifeline hospital in Perungudi to undergo surgery. During the surgery, doctors removed his infected colon. \"The entire process was done using laproscopy,\" said surgeon Dr J S Rajkumar, chairman of Lifeline Group of Hospitals. However, the surgery failed to end Vignesh's health problems and he developed post-surgery complications. As a result, he had to undergo yet another surgery. \"He was brought back to us after his health condition deteriorated. We found that adhesions had developed in his bowel, wherein loops of the small intestine were stuck to each other,\" said Dr Rajkumar.Vignesh had to undergo multiple surgeries involving removal of various segments of the small gut. \"Besides, intra-abdominal collection led to massive bleeding from tiny blood vessels which further complicated things. The bleeding was plugged by metal coils,\" he said.At one point, the patient was attached to several tubes and a bag to drain his intestinal waste. Teams of doctors, including radiologists, surgeons, physiotherapists and pulmonologists, were involved in the treatment procedure. \"When we lost hope, it was his will that saw him through,\" said Dr Rajkumar.On Monday Vignesh smiled at the cameras and said: \"I want to go home and eat a piece of halwa without having to run to the toilet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17751054", "title": "Short-circuit could be the cause", "text": "BANGALORE: There were conflicting versions about what caused the fire at St Mary's Basilica, Shivajinagar, on Monday night.Arul Das, a Kammanahalli resident, who was walking into the compound when the accident occurred, told TOI that the decorated part of the chariot caught fire soon after a flowerpot was lit. \"Sparks from the flowerpot fell on the hay used in decoration . Soon a small flame was ignited. l immediately alerted two policemen,\" he said. The chariot was being decorated for the procession when the blaze occurred, other eyewitnesses said.The fire control room received the first call at 9.41pm. Fire brigade personnel said they were told by policemen on the spot that it was a small fire. \"We rushed from the Mayo Hall fire station with a fire engine within five minutes. Another engine followed us. The entire chariot was gutted . It looks like a blaze lit by short circuit,\" a firefighter at the spot said.\"We were in the prayer hall when we noticed smoke and flames outside. Thankfully, none of the volunteers were hurt,\" said Mary Das, a devotee.Consecrated in 1882, St Mary's Basilica has a few masses in the run-up to the midnight mass. The first mass began at 8pm. Though the prayer hall was full, the frontyard was not fully occupied during the first mass. Replicas of angels, cribs, Infant Jesus, Christmas tree and the chariot attracted people who were busy taking snapshots with their cameras and cellphones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17750244", "title": "Free cardiac surgery for 200 patients", "text": "KOZHIKODE: KMCC (UAE unit), the overseas wing of the IUML, has launched a major charity initiative to conduct free cardiac surgery for 200 poor patients across the state.Launching the project 'Save a Heart , Save a Family', on Monday, industries minister P K Kunhalikutty said a large number of cardiac patients were left with no option but to discontinue treatment due to high costs involved for the bypass surgery.He said people from low-income groups will be provided free surgery and post-operative care for six months.The surgeries will be held at MIMS hospitals in Kozhikode and Kottakkal. UAE unit of the KMCC will raise fund for the project. The Confident Group and MIMS hospital have provided Rs 50 lakh each for the project.Patients who are below 55 years of age and bread winners of a family will be given preference.Minister for social welfare M K Muneer said government is considering a programme to provide financial support to people suffering from serious diseases.Handwritten applications should be mailed, along with medical reports, to kmccuaecommittee@gmail.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17749283", "title": "State commission overrules district forum\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s order", "text": "RAIPUR: The Chhattisgarh State Consumer Dispute Redressal Commission (CSCDRC) has rejected the order passed by the district forum, Jashpur and asked the National Insurance Company (NIC) to pay 75% of Rs 5,48,150 to a resident of Raigarh on account of theft of insured vehicle. Asgar Khan, a resident of Raigarh insured his vehicle from NIC for a period of one year from July 2008 to July 2009. His vehicle was stolen in October 2008. FIR was lodged and he also informed insurance company for seeking compensation but the claim was not settled.Khan subsequently approached the district consumer forum where the NIC contended that it was a conspiracy between driver and owner of the vehicle and a false report of theft was lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17750514", "title": "Traders fume as Avenue Road closed for repair", "text": "BANGALORE: Chaos reigned on Avenue Road, the city's wholesale trading and business hub, on Monday morning, as the markets opened to see heavy machines trundling along and police diverting traffic towards other roads.Traders, customers and commuters were left fuming at the unannounced closure of the road for traffic. The news that the closure will last for a month sent tempers soaring on a day that sets the business tone for the rest of the week.The closure of the road was a consequence of the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB) taking up work on replacing old sewer lines. The corroded lines had caused a sewage outflow on the road last week. The BWSSB'S pipe replacement plan had been awaiting clearance from traffic police for over a year as the work necessitated closure of the road.After the sewage outflow, the traffic police gave the go-ahead, prompting the BWSSB to start work on Monday.Traders, customers, regular visitors and motorists were chafing as the road not only houses several businesses but is also the main link road between KR Market and KG Road. They are upset they were not told beforehand as this type of civic work affects their business.\"The shops were all open but today few customers stopped here today. Although our shop is away from the barricaded portion of the road, the business is going to be affected over the next month,\" said Gopal Singh, owner of Bombay Traders on Avenue Road. A spokesman for JK Traders on Avenue Road regretted that the work was suddenly taken up without informing traders. The traders said their business is already hit by malls and the sudden closure would only hit them harder.A 150-metre section of the road has been dug up to replace the old, corroded and broken sewerage lines with new pipes that have a life of 50 years. \"The work of replacing old pipes with new pipes with more capacity was awarded to the contractor last year but never took off as permission was delayed by traffic police. But when sewage outflow hampered commuters, we took it up with immediacy with the traffic police to allow our work,\" said T Venkataraju, engineer-in-chief, BWSSB.MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic) told TOI, \"We refrained from permitting this work as several roads had to be closed in the area for various works. We cannot close all roads at a time. Where should the traffic flow?\"Venkataraju said the work is expected to finish in 25 days but permission taken from the traffic police is for a month's time. The replacement and rehabilitation work of old sewers is part of a larger project taken up by the BWSSB in the city's drainage valleys.The environment action plan, as it is called, aims to rehabilitate sewerage network in the city and treat as much sewage before it flows to natural sources like lakes, rivers and seeps underground.The sewage generated from this part of the city flows towards the Koramanagala drainage valley and ends at the sewage treatment plant in Challaghatta.Times View", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17750079", "title": "Fest to revive 'chavittu natakam'", "text": "KOCHI: A five-day 'chavittu natakam' fest titled Chuvati 12, organized by Gothuruth Sports and Arts Club in collaboration with Kochi Biennale Foundation, will begin at Holy Cross Church premises at Gothuruth on December 26. The fest will begin with the staging of 'St George', directed by A N Anirudhan and performed by the Kerala Chavittu Nataka Academy, Gothuruth. Plays such as 'Julius Caesar', 'Brijeena Charitham', 'Roxilin The Villain' and 'Anjelikka' will be staged during the fest. It will conclude with the presentation of 'Carlsman Charitham'.All performances will be held at 6.30pm. A seminar on 'chavittu natakam' will be held on December 29 at Holy Cross Lakeside Park from 10am to 5pm. The speakers include Aji Narayanan, Chandradasan, Vincent and Joy Gothuruth. The seminar will be curated by 'Annual Rings', the literary wing of the biennale in association with DC Books. Senior 'chavittu nadakam' performer Thambi Kadakath will conduct a lecture demonstration. The second part of the seminar will be held at the end of January.Work on the sculpture of late Guru Chinnathambi Annavi, a playwright of the 17th century, by Anto George, a sculptor participating in the Kochi-Muziris Biennale, is progressing at Gothuruth.Chavittu nadakam is a classical dance drama that resembles European opera and performed mainly by the Latin Christian community. It is noted for its attractive make-up of characters, costumes, detailed gestures and well-defined body movements, presented in tandem with rhythmic playback music and percussion.Kochi: ''Chuvati 12'',a drama fest will showcase five chavittu natakams will be organised in Gothuruth at Holy Cross Church premises, from Dec 26-30 this year. This will be organised by the 99-year-old SAC (Sports and arts club) in collaboration with the Kochi Muziris Biennale. The festival will be inaugurated with the play St. George, directed by A N Anirudhan and performed by the Kerala Chavittu Nataka Academy, Gothuruthu.Among the plays that will be staged include Julias Caeser, Brijeena Charitham, Roxilin The Villain, and Anjelikka. The festival will conclude with Carlsman charitham. All performances will be at 6.30 pm.A seminar on chavittu natakam will be held on Dec 29 at Holy cross lakeside park from 10am to 5pm. The speakers include Aji Narayanan, Prof. Chandradasan , Prof Vincent and Joy Gothuruth. This seminar will be curated by the ''Annual Rings''- a literary space of Kochi Muziris Biennale in association with DC books. Senior chavittu natakam performer Thambi Kadakath will conduct a lecture demonstration during the seminar.The second phase of the seminar with the elaborate participation of all the performers, acadamicians , critics and art lovers in Chavittu Natakam will be held at the end of January.A sculpture of the late Guru Chinnathambi Annavi, a playwright of 17th century is progressing at the village of Gothuruth by the sculptor of Kochi Muziris Biennale, Anto George.Chavittu Nadakam is a highly colourful Latin Christian classical art form originated in Cochin. It is noted for its attractive make-up of characters, their elaborate costumes, detailed gestures and well-defined body movements presented in tune with the rhythmic playback music and complementary percussion and resembles European Opera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17748746", "title": "2 acting stalwarts died on Expressway in past", "text": "MUMBAI: The deaths of Marathi actors Anand Abhyankar and Akshay Pendse late Sunday night in a road accident on Mumbai-Pune Expressway deepened the grief of cinema and theatre lovers. Two other luminaries of Marathi entertainment industry-Vihang Nayak and Bhakti Barve Inamdar-too had passed away in fatal mishaps on the expressway.Theatre veteran Inamdar died on February 12, 2001. She was returning to Mumbai from Wai after staging a theatre show there, when her car hit an electric pole near Bhatan tunnel. Inamdar was best known for her stellar performances in Kundan Shah's film 'Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro' (1983) and Marathi plays 'Tee Phul Rani' and 'Ranga Mazha Vegala', to name a few. Nayak died on June 9, 2008, in a car mishap near Panvel while he was on his way to Baramati to shoot for a film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17750229", "title": "Now, locate your fav shops online", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a major online push, city's business community has embraced e- business in a big way. Citizens can now on browse the internet to locate the shop from where they can purchase the products of their choice.A web portal, www.shopatkerala.com, of Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi (KVVES), will offer customers the facility to search for shops by entering the name of the product.The web portal, launched on Monday by minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer, will also be beneficial for the traders as it would enable them upload the details of products at their shops.Product name, price and other specifications are uploaded on the web portal by registering their names. Every registered trader can open a special page on the web portal for updating their details.According to KVVES state president T Naziruddin, 150 shopowners in the district have already registered with the website. \"Address, phone number and location of every registered member will be published on the site along with the product details.\" \"The web portal presently contains the details of shops in Kozhikode. Shop details and product details of traders in other districts will be uploaded in the website in the next phase of the project,\" said Naziruddin.Apart from locating the shops selling a particular product, the website, in the next phase will also enable customers place orders online. Cash on delivery, and online payment scheme will be enabled, said the office bearers of KVVES.We have initiated the project as a large number of net savvy youths prefers online shopping to direct shopping, said the KVVES members. As online stores, situated in different parts of the country offer free shipping and discount to products, many in Kerala prefer online shopping. If we fail to upgrade our trading methods, it may affect the shops in Kerala, they added. The web portal was developed by Univware Solutions Pvt Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17748992", "title": "No respite for Gujarat cops for the next 3 weeks", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While the entire government machinery worked night and day for a whole month on election duty, the drill period has not ended for the men in khaki just yet. For the next three weeks, a slew of events will keep city policemen busy.The ordeal will start from Tuesday as a six-day extravaganza at Kankaria lakefront will see the presence of more than one lakh citizens and visits by VIPs. The preparations are in full swing for the past four days as SG Bhati, additional commissioner of police, Sector II, gave the final briefing on Monday evening. More than 1,500 policemen along with 1,000 Home Guards will be deployed at the spot. On Wednesday, Narendra Modi will swear-in as state chief minister at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel stadium amidst VVIPs from across the nation.The high-voltage India-Pakistan Twenty20 cricket match scheduled at Motera Stadium on December 29 will be next on the city cops' worry list. As the Indian and Pakistani players will arrive, an additional security cover will be provided to them and the stadium will turn into a fortress as cops will screen all spectators to ensure peace.\"December 31 celebrations will be next on priority list as we have to keep an eye on miscreants to prevent sexual offences and also check drunken driving cases. Several areas have more than 10,000 people gathering at one spot, creating law and order issues. Come January and we will have the Sabarmati marathon and cyclothon organized by the civic authorities. After its completion, it will be the international Kite Festival on Sabarmati riverfront where not only thousands of enthusiasts will come, but so will foreign dignitaries,\" said a senior official.Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, told TOI it is a challenge to manage the mega events but they will take it in their stride. \"Such occasions need meticulous planning to ensure that everything goes as per schedule. We have decided to divide personnel in shifts,\" he said.Dinesh Parmar, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), said that teams have been made to supervise separate events to prevent confusion. \"The maps have been drawn well in advance and the deployment will also take place accordingly. More than 1,500 personnel will be present at the venues at any given time in the next fortnight or so,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17749789", "title": "Corporation tag for Hills civic body", "text": "KOLKATA: Darjeeling Municipality is set to get a shot in the arm soon as the Mamata Banerjee government is considering its upgrade into a full-fledged corporation. While, the Queen of Hills may get a mayor, the 162-year-old municipality will get a new status if everything goes according to plans.The Mamata Banerjee government is considering upgradation of the Darjeeling municipality into a full-fledged corporation. So, the services dispensed from the unique heritage structure (constructed in 1850) are all set to get the much-needed boost.Following the recommendation of the West Bengal Assembly Standing Committee, the state government wants to add a renewed vigour to the civic services of the Hills, which is attracting thousands of tourists now that peace has returned. But according to the West Bengal Municipal Corporation Act, 2007, a locality must have at least 5 lakh people with a density of 3,000 per square kilometre to be declared a corporation.According to provisional figures for the 2011 census, the population of Darjeeling is a little over 1.2 lakh and the population density 16,206 per square km. The government will make a special case because of Darjeeling's topography which has scattered the population.This apart, the Gorkha Janmukti Morch (GJM), which has won uncontested elections to Darjeeling, Kalimpong and Kurseong municipalities, too, has asked the state government for the \"corporation\" status for the municipality as that on the same lines as the Kolkata Municipal Corporation Act. For, a corporation statuswould mean more funds for the civic body which is starved of funds.Former municipal affairs minister Asok Bhattacharya recalled that the West Bengal Municipal Corporation Act was amended in 2006 to make provisions for the formation of the corporation in the Hills. \"Six years ago, we had made certain exceptions in the law to pave the way for the upgrade. The legal provisions were made, but couldn't be executed because of resistance from the Hills body,\" he said.Bhattacharya added, \"Since the amendment has already been done, all the new board needs to do is pass a resolution and submit it to the state government. When a municipality is upgraded, it increases the status of the town that it is in charge of and creates more funds options. It also gains some administrative powers and the rights to make laws required to provide services to the area concerned.\"The West Bengal Municipal Corporation Act was amended in 2007, incorporating a special provision in Chapter II, clause 3 (iii), that empowers the government to notify separate set of norms for the Hills. Similar provision was made in the West Bengal Municipal Act that governs the formation of municipalities.The corporation status for Darjeeling municipality which was found in 1850 was first proposed a decade ago by the erstwhile Left Front government. But the proposal was shot down by the then Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council chairperson Subhas Ghisingh, who apparently didn't want a mayor in the Hills lest his powers were usurped. His resistance had also sparked a rebellion within his party in 2001.On February 2, 2000, A K Dutta, secretary of municipal affairs department wrote (memo no 87/MA/)/C-4/1A-1/2000) that the state government was considering the proposal and a bill would be introduced soon. But the decision was deferred as the corporation issue took the Hills by storm and D K Pradhan, who was then the GNLF chairperson in the Darjeeling municipality and the brain behind the demand, was forced to resign from his civic post and eventually from the party. Apparently, Ghisingh didn't want Darjeeling to get a mayor lest his own powers be usurped.However, a senior official of the state municipal affairs department said, \"Darjeeling is a tourist hotspot as well as India's gateway, thanks to its proximity to Nepal and Bhutan . Now that peace has been established in the Hills and tourists are flocking like never before, the need of the hour is to provide better civic infrastructure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17751510", "title": "Police seize 17,000 kg of rice meant for PDS", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Jawaharnagar police seized a truck carrying 17, 000 kg of rice, meant for public distribution system (PDS) but allegedly being transported to be sold in the black market in Chikhli district of Gujarat.Speaking to TOI, acting commissioner of police Arvind Chavariya said, \"On Saturday evening, we received a tip off that a 10 tyre truck in Gevrai of Beed district loaded with rice meant for PDS system is being smuggled to Gujarat. Following which the Jawaharnagar patrol team, seized the truck carrying 360 bags containing 17, 000 kg rice.\"\"When the truck driver identified as Nisar Shahzad Pathan and cleaner Dinkar Dolse both from Beed district were questioned, they started giving vague answers, which confirmed our suspicion. We have sent the rice samples to the Aurangabad district sales office and the Beed collectorate to verify if the samples match with the PDS samples there and will register the case,\" added Chavariya.He also said that the truck was loaded from Sangameshwar Transport and the rice was being sent to Gujarat.The total market value of the rice has been estimated to be around Rs 2.5 lakh. Beed collector Sunil Kendrekar has assured Chavariya to initiate an inquiry into the matter and bring the suspectsd to book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17749222", "title": "Christmas binds all in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The Yuletide spirit and festivities in the air not only awaken the Christians in the city but also give others a reason to celebrate. Transcending boundaries of religion and community, the celebrations nowadays involve a larger section of people from various cultural backgrounds. For some it is the attraction of the midnight mass for others it is non-stop partying and good food that makes Christmas a special occasion.According to Shashi Ranjan Sinha, manager at Tata Steel , who has been visiting the church during Christmas since the past five years, it is the childhood stories about Santa distributing gifts among kids that first lured him into celebrating Christmas. \"It's a pleasure accompanying our Christian friends for the midnight mass and wishing every other person present there even if we don't know anybody by name,\" he said.Sinha also said, \"This time too I visited the church for the midnight mass and on Christmas we will visit some of our Christian friends who have invited us to a small gathering. We will decorate the tree there and eat a special meal to feel part of the revelry. As our society have less number of Christian families, our Christian friends look forward to our company in celebrating Christmas.\"Siddharth Mandal, an MBA graduate, said in today's time the diversity in various cultures is not felt deeply as everyone takes part in each other's celebrations, be it Christmas, Eid or Diwali. \"I will definitely visit the church for the morning mass. Cake is a special part of the celebrations and I will either get it for my Christian friends or wish them over phone,\" he said.For some Christmas brings with it as much festive fervour as festivals such as Holi and Diwali. \"I eagerly wait for this day every year. This time, I have bought a Christmas tree and decorated it with lights and chocolates. I plan to prepare chocolate muffins and homemade chocolate cakes and invite the neighbourhood kids to my place,\" said Shweta Singh, a homemaker.Party lovers are also all geared up to enjoy in their own way. \"Celebrating Christmas has been an important part of my life as I studied in a convent school. Like each year, this Christmas too, we friends will visit the church together and then party at one of our Christian friend's house,\" said Abhishek Maheshwari, a business analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752659", "title": "Carmen Electra was fond of bad boys", "text": "Actress Carmen Electra said she was attracted to \"bad boys\" when she was a teenager.Electra admits she always dated \"macho\" men when she first moved to Hollywood at the age of 18, and she now feels \"foolish\" for believing guys had to be tough, reports thesun.co.uk.\"I had been brought up with macho guys. All my four older brothers were karate black belts. A lot of guys do not want to show they are vulnerable because they regard it as weakness,\" she said.\"So I ignored that for a time. I was foolish. But at 18 I was attracted to bad boys. I watched what went on around me in Hollywood and wanted to learn,\" she added.Electra, 40, said she has realised there is more to being a man than having a \"good body\" and having an ego.\"Am I still interested in a guy's body? Now I have grown up, I am much more of a 'vibe' kind of person! If a man has a good body, that is an added plus. But I do not think it is the most important,\" she said.\"A big turn-on to me is a guy who can have any girl he wants but says no. He has self-control. Not the guy with all the chicks who is insecure,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17750194", "title": "Safer night shifts for women in IT, BPOs", "text": "BANGALORE: As Nirbhaya's story grips the nation, the IT &amp; BPO industry - which has a sizable chunk of women employees and where workdays ending in the wee hours is routine - is further tightening its security measures.The industry got a wake-up call with the horrific rape and murder of Pratibha Murthy in Bangalore in 2005. The country's IT &amp; BPO sector, in which women account for 35% and 50% of the total workforce respectively, said they have periodically upped safety measures for women employees in the past five years to counter the unsafe environment outside office space.Given that the BPO industry predominantly functions during the night and a high percentage of women is employed, security and transport have become critical areas. IT lobby body Nasscom has already put in place a Nasscom BPO Code of Conduct that focuses on security during commute, transport and vendor selection, employee communication, and security within the premises. The code, for example, states that women employees must not sit in the front seat of the vehicle.Mumbai-headquartered BPO company Aegis has tweaked its human resource polices for women in the past year, such that now women employees across all levels can opt for a day shift instead of night shift. According to SM Gupta, global chief people officer at Aegis, about 90% of the company's women workforce has opted for day shifts. The company has a workforce of around 24,000 employees of which 20% constitute women.\"For women employees travelling at night, strict and thorough background checks are done on the driver and security guards who accompany them home,\" said Gupta.HCL Technologies constantly monitors all employee cab services from its base stations. In case of any emergency, its SPOCs (single point of contacts) manning the base station can connect immediately with local police stations and patrolling units. Each employee also has on hand contact details of transport SPOCs, who can in turn mobilize necessary assistance in case of emergencies.\"All women employees have to call the transport desk to report safe arrival at home. In case they don't, the transport desk calls up the employee at the estimated time of reaching home on her mobile or home number for confirmation. This is compiled as a daily safe arrival report and subjected to internal audit,\" said Subrat Chakravarty, VP and global head - HR, business services, HCL Technologies.Besides, companies like Infosys and HCL are conducting self-defence classes to empower its women. To take the self-defence aspect a notch up, companies like HCL have set up shops within their office premises to facilitate the sale of pepper spray.HCL also has a stringent per-engagement screening process of its transport vendors by sharing records with the police. The company has created a common database of blacklisted vendors/drivers, which is updated and distributed regularly.The Indian IT/BPO industry is of the opinion that their existing safety processes and measures for women are only now being talked about by the government.\"Whether it's GPRS tracking devices in vehicles or security guards escorting women to their homes, these are practices the BPO industry has pioneered,\" says Raman Roy, CMD, Quatrro Global Services headquartered in Delhi. According to Roy, safety measures for women employees is an ongoing process and doesn't come to light only when incidents such as the Delhi rape case pop up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749767", "title": "Man killed by son-in-law in Sikar; woman killed by brother-in-law in Karauli", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another examples of family feud ending in bloodshed, a man was killed by his son-in-law while a woman was killed by her brother-in-law in Sikar and Karauli districts respectively.In Sikar, a minor quarrel ended in the murder of a man when he refused to send his married daughter along with her husband at a residential colony in Kotwali area.The incident took place late on Sunday night when the accused, Shamin (32) went to take his wife from the maternal house. Since his wife Rehana (28) had complained about the ill treatment by husband, her father refused to send her with him. The man though promised his father-in-law Amin (55) that he will change his behavior but the latter was not willing to send the daughter along.\"Both entered into a heated argument and started thrashing each other. Suddenly Amin fell down on the floor and became unconscious. Soon after, the family members informed us and a team of police rushed to the spot. We took the him to the government hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" said an officer of Kotwali police station.The police said that the accused, Shamim, managed to flee from the spot and teams have been sent to to nab him. A case of murder under Section 302 of IPC was also been lodged against him.In another incident, a scuffle over piece of land between two brothers took an ugly turn when a man shot dead the wife of his younger brother at Karanpur police station in Karuali district of the state.\"The brothers, including Sita Ram Meena and Chiranji Lal, were into prolonged confrontation over a piece of land. It took an ugly turn on Sunday evening when Sitaram brought a .12 bore country-made pistol and opened fire on his brother. Suddenly the wife of Chiranji Lal jumped into the scene and sustained the bullet injury. She succumbed to the injuries on the spot,\" said Hemendra Chaudhary, circle inspector, Karanpur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "17749802", "title": "Student-protest ripple jolts Nadia", "text": "Nadia: The fail-and-protest trend that started from a Santoshpur school reached Ranaghat on Monday with 19 students who failed to clear the Class XII test agitating on the school campus. They demanded that they be allowed to appear in the higher secondary examinations.Though the results were declared on December 15, the agitation surprisingly came nine days later. \"The students in my school were 'inspired' by the spate of protests at other schools in the state. But I have informed the unsuccessful students that they won't be allowed even if they lock me up for an entire night,\" said Rajib Neogi, the headmaster of Anulia High School.The agitation started around 11am on Monday on the school campus. Around 38 teachers, along with the headmaster, was locked up by the unsuccessful students. But the agitators buckled under a strong stand of the headmaster and the school authority. The stir was finally withdrawn around 2.30pm.\"We had detained those who had scored very poor marks. We were determined not to allow them at any cost. I told them that I had no right to withdraw the decision since it was taken unanimously. When they understood that strong-arm tactic won't work, they withdrew their agitation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17749292", "title": "BJP failed to check crime against women: Congress", "text": "RAIPUR: Opposition Congress today slammed ruling BJP for its alleged failure in curbing incidents of rape and other crimes against women in Chhattisgarh and accused it of \"suppressing the voice of the aggrieved\".\"Rape and assaults on women have become frequent in the state, particularly in Bastar region. Instead of dealing strongly with such incidents, the state government is trying to suppress the outburst of the affected people,\" Congress spokesperson Shailesh Trivedi said in a statement.Expressing anguish over the brutal gang-rape of a paramedic student in Delhi, Trivedi alleged that women in the naxal-dominated Bastar region are being repeatedly assaulted and their safety is a major cause of concern.\"Kidnapping incidents are on the rise in the state and safety of children too has become a major concern,\" claimed Trivedi. He alleged the Raman Singh government has failed to take any corrective steps to bring down the \"growing number\" of kidnappings of women.When contacted, BJP spokesperson Shivratan Sharma called the allegations baseless.\"The government is very serious on every issue related to atrocities on women and has always shown promptness in dealing with the cases of crimes targeting women,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751494", "title": "A decoration day afternoon in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The churches of the city were gripped by the Yuletide spirit and so one could see the preparations and decorations going on inside them.Cribs were being decked up to depict different stages of the birth of Jesus. They showed angels delivering the message of Christ's birth to shepherds and Magi or the three wise-men paying a visit to the newly born Jesus. A life size Santa Claus mannequin and huge cut out of the Father Christmas, everything seemed to be drenched in the festive spirit.St Anns Church, setup in 1857, which is popularly known as the White Church in Indore was being decorated by a group of youngsters on the afternoon of December 24{+t}{+h}. \"We are here since morning and have been relentlessly decorating the church with our friends .I have been coming here for the past 12 years to decorate the Church a day before the Christmas with my friends and family. Working on decoration is a part of celebration and not many want to miss out this part,\" said Edward Brisco a member of White Church. He also informed about the morning service at the White Church and estimated that around 25 thousand people will be coming to the church on the day of Christmas.\"When it's Christmas, the biggest festival of Christmas calendar it doesn't matter who is member of which Church. I am a member of Masihi Mata Mandir, a church in Chaoni, but we have come here to the White Church to decorate, as we also get to mingle with some friends and other people from our community.I have been coming here for past sometime\" said Chandani Alfred, a student while she was helping her friends decorate the church.While Nirmesh Rathore, a professional from Indore who is currently posted outside the state has come to the city to celebrate the festival \"I work in Banglore and have come to Indore with my elder brother to celebrate Christmas\" he said as the decoration work kept him busy.\"I arrange a Crib outside my residence every year, I have been doing so for the past 12 years. I enjoy doing this a lot. This year I have also bought a life size dancing Santa, as an additional surprise factor to the manger here. I will set it up at the crib around mid night.\" said George Benedict Naidu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17749371", "title": "3 killed as car crashes into trailer on Palm Beach Road", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Speeding has again claimed lives, this time that of three youngsters, on Palm Beach Road in Navi Mumbai, which has become notorious for fatal accidents. The police have claimed that some of the occupants of the car were drunk but the medical report is yet to confirm it.The deceased, Dinesh Thombre (27), his cousin Rahul Thombre (24) and friend Aatish Jambukar (25), and two of their friends, Kedarnath Kushwa (19) Ganesh Sampat Jambukar (29), who were also injured, had come to Vashi from Pune district for business work. Early on Monday, the five were driving back to Pune-two sat in front, two behind, and the fifth person lay in the backseat-when they met with the accident on Palm Beach Road.All residents of Khed taluka of Pune district, the group were reportedly speeding down on Palm Beach Road, travelling from Vashi towards CBD Belapur. Around 2.15am, as they reached the Killegaonthan crossroad, a container trailer, headed for JNPT in Uran, slowly approached the same spot. Dinesh, who was in the driver's seat, reportedly lost control of the car and rammed it into the trailer's side; the impact was such that the car's roof got scythed off and the mangled remains of the vehicle veered under the massive 16-wheeler, coming out of the other side.Inspector (traffic) Rajesh Babshetty, who rushed to the spot, also confirmed to TOI that the car's metal roof was completely shorn off in the crash. As the roofless car dashed below the trailer, the occupants were severely injured in the head, killing Dinesh, Rahul and Aatish on the spot. Their friend Rajan has been admitted to Sion hospital with serious injuries. However, the fifth in the group, Ganesh, has survived with just a few bruises as he was reportedly lying down in the backseat, as a result of which his head did not hit against the trailer bottom and asleep in the backseat of the Ford Figo. By being in this lower, horizontal position at the time, Ganesh's head and upper body were completely saved during the crash.\"The lucky survivor (Ganesh) has clearly mentioned in his police statement that he and his friends had consumed alcohol that night. So they were at fault. Moreover, they were speeding, despite the presence of rumble strips that have been put up near the crossroad,\" deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vijay Patil told TOI.Notorious for fatal mishaps, Palm Beach Road, which is tagged the Marine Drive of Navi Mumbai, has witnessed 56 accidents so far this year. Thirteen people have died and 37 have been seriously injured in the mishaps.Earlier that night, the youngsters had entered Navi Mumbai city from Panvel and drove to Vashi to attend to some personal work. Thereafter, in the early hours of Monday, they drove at a high speed from Vashi to Belapur, resulting in the crash at the traffic junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17749228", "title": "Churches gear up for midnight mass", "text": "RANCHI: Churches and homes in the city were decked up with lights, flowers, cascading curtains to welcome the arrival of Jesus Christ.Christmas trees dotted with gifts and Santa Claus and thatched cribs decorated with plastic straw, lights, stars, flowers, bells and statues of Lord Jesus, Mother Mary and the angels drew huge crowds. A nun at St Mary's Cathedral said, \"Many thronged the church for the midnight mass. Three readings of the Bible were done on this occasion. People came for the carols as well on Monday.\"At GEL church, pandals were made with sitting arrangements for people. Television sets were installed in the pandals from where people were able to watch the proceedings inside the church.On Tuesday, people continue with the last minute decoration, making special delicacies and decorating their homes. \"This is the first Christmas after my marriage. I am busy decorating my home and meeting visitors. I have planned a special menu as we will have a small gathering of friends at home. I wish I could get turkey here but since it's not available in the market here, I will cook chicken, some sweets, and doughnuts. I will order a cake from the bakery as it is an important part of the celebrations. My husband and I will visit our relatives and friends to exchange wishes and gifts,\" said Stuti Masih.Shilpi Tirkey, who was busy with last-minute shopping said, \"My mother has planned a special dinner on this special occasion with mutton, pulao, and a homemade cake for us. We will then visit our friends to wish them.\"Mezaren Bara, a mother of two, said kids were having fun playing around the Christmas tree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753027", "title": "Aretha Franklin begins work on new album", "text": "Singer Aretha Franklin has begun working on a new album with producer Babyface, which she hopes will get ready by February next year.The legendary soul singer is working on an LP with songwriter-and-producer Babyface, who has previously worked with Madonna , Beyonce, Diana Ross , late Michael Jackson and Paula Abdul.In an interview with Detroit television channel WDIV-TV, she said: \"I'm working on a new album, Babyface is producing it. I'm just working on things we're going to be doing.\"The 70-year-old singer will head into the studio to start work on the LP in \"10 to 12 days\", reports contactmusic.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749303", "title": "State yet to frame 2.5 floor space index norms for Mhada", "text": "PUNE: City leaders have demanded that the state government should take a final call on granting 2.5 floor space index (FSI) for redevelopment of residential colonies constructed by the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) in Pune.\"The policy to grant 2.5 FSI for Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad has been finalised. But the government is yet to frame the rules for the same. The Pune division of Mhada has been forced to put its redevelopment projects on hold,\" Mhada's Pune region chairman Ankush Kakade told TOI on Monday.The additional FSI is primarily aimed at creating new affordable houses for all. Presently, Mhada colonies get FSI of one. For instance, a plot measuring 1,000 sq ft can have a construction area of 1,000 sq ft. As per the new norm, Mhada colonies will have 2.5 FSI, which means construction area can be 2.5 times the land area.Mhada was established in 1977 with a view to extend fair housing opportunities to residents of the state.\"Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad have 15 Mhada colonies, which have 15,000 accommodations spread over 175 hectare land. If 2.5 FSI is allocated to these colonies, they could be redeveloped and the number of residential units could be increased,\" said Kakade.Besides, those staying in small tenements in housing colonies built by Mhada will also get additional built-up area and amenities for their houses at a certain cost.\"We have repeatedly asked the government to frame the rules and allow Mhada's Pune division to redevelop its colonies in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. Leaders of all parties will meet the chief minister again and request him to ask the housing development department to speed up the work of framing rules,\" said Congress MLC Mohan Joshi.The delay in allotting 2.5 FSI for housing projects under the Mhada has affected the performance of the Pune board of the housing authority. The state's Economic Survey for 2010-11 says that while the Mumbai and Konkan boards have constructed 8,614 and 1,574 housing units, the Pune board could build only 329 dwellings - the lowest in the state - during the year.Pune BJP chief Vikas Mathkari said that the state government should not sit on such decisions and make people suffer. He demanded that affordable housing is the need of the hour in Pune to curb slum proliferation.According to a recent study on housing conducted for the Pune Municipal Corporation by NGO Mashal, there is a shortfall of nearly three lakh affordable housing units in the city. The number is likely to double in the next few years, considering the rate of migration, the study says. According to experts, ongoing efforts on housing for the economically weaker sections are piecemeal; a comprehensive policy is needed.The study states, \"The most stark and visible sign of the severe shortage of affordable housing that afflicts Pune, and other fast-growing cities across India, is the incessant growth in the number of slums. In Pune, it is estimated that 40.56% of the city's population lives in slums at present, as compared to fewer than 20% 15 years ago. The housing stock periodically created over the years, by both the public and private sectors under labels like 'economically weaker section' or 'low income group' have proved to be grossly inadequate to provide for the growing squatter settlements and slums in urban areas.\"There is an acute shortage of affordable houses for urban poor in Pune city. Surveys suggest that around three lakh dwellings should be constructed to arrest further proliferation of slums. Land prices have skyrocketed and, in such a scenario, one of the viable alternatives is to redevelop 15 Mhada colonies spread over 175 hectares in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. It has been more than a year since the state government announced 2.5 FSI for reconstructing these colonies. However, the government is yet to approve the rules for actual commissioning of the scheme. City legislators and Pune's guardian minister must take up this issue with the chief minister and ensure that the regulations are framed without further delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17750123", "title": "New rules to make life miserable for temple elephants", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as the festival season across the state is set to begin, a new set of rules notified by the forest and wildlife department is likely to prove detrimental to elephants employed in temples.The Kerala captive elephants (Management and Maintenance) rules, 2012, say elephants can be used for processions for up to nine hours a day. The new timings for processions are 6-11 am and 4 to 8 pm. This notification is in violation of a 2008 Kerala high court order which directed that elephant processions should not go beyond three hours a day.There are around 700 captive elephants in the state. Last season alone, 716 elephant attacks occurred and 42 people lost their lives. Most of the violent incidents occurred as their owners, looking to make an extra buck, pushed the elephants beyond their limit ignoring the animals' fatigue, musth period or other ailments.The notification has also relaxed rules of permission for the ezhunallipu (procession) - the festival committee now has to approach the police officer in the respective range 72 hours prior to the event and not the district collector. Similarly, the notification has diluted the norm regarding transportation of elephants from Kerala to other states, and the minimum space between elephants during a procession.Pointing to the potential danger of these new measures, V K Venkitachalam, president of Elephant Lovers Association, said, \"Last year the state witnessed a horrific incident of a one-and-a-half year-old infant crushed by an elephant at the festival in Koodalmanikam temple at Irinjalikuda''.The notification, however, does recommend certain elephant-friendly measures like giving them a daily bath, providing proper shelter and discouraging the use of sick, injured or weak elephants for festivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752697", "title": "Rihanna's stalker gets too close for comfort", "text": "Singer Rihanna might have got in trouble if her security would have not acted at right time after a stalker reportedly intruded her property.The 24-year-old singer was near the pool in her native house of Barbadose, where she is currently on a holiday, when the stranger walked inside.\"The guy got to within about 10 to 12ft of where Rihanna was sitting before he was apprehended by security. He looked fairly harmless but it was a little too close for comfort,\" thesun.co.uk quoted a source as saying.The man is said to have travelled to the Caribbean island specifically to try to meet the star. Wearing just shorts he had reached the 10-bedroom villa by swimming on to a beach at the back.The man was arrested, quizzed and discharged later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749148", "title": "Western Railway asks feedback from its women commuters", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway (WR) has sought feedback from its women commuters on about the composition of the newly-introduced, first ever alternate current (AC) rake.Even though this rake it has a higher more carrying capacity compared to the conventional rake, the coach position for women ladies has been altered due to a change in the placement of electrical equipment. and fittings.This is the first time that a non-retrofitted Alternating Current Electrical Multiple Unit (EMU) will run on the suburban section in Mumbai.The 12-car coach, to be introduced on from in service from December 25, will run on an experimental basis for a few days. It has been manufactured at Integral Coach Factory (ICF), Chennai.A large portion of large number of the high-tension power equipment has been shifted to under the floor of the rakeframe, thus opening up more space in the compartment. Motor coaches have been shifted to adjacent compartments while the luggage compartment has been moved by a shifted by couple of meters.WR's general manager Mahesh Kumar said, \"The new rake is has increased carrying capacity of the train by 6% per cent compared to existing rakes.Total seating capacity has increased to 1,242 from the existing 1,174. Of these, 11 seats are for the second class ladies compartmentsecond class ladies, while and57 seats have has been allocated to the second class general compartment.\"However, there will be some layout changes in the layout of the second class compartment due to design alterations because of alteration in the design.Mahesh Kumar said, \"The vendor's coach, which is currently now at attached with to the ladies compartment, has been delinked and shifted alongside the general compartment,\" Kumar added.Moreover, electrical fittings bifurcate the ladies coach in two separate sections. \"As a result of this, the number of entry/exit points has will come down to two instead of three. We want to ascertain whether the women commuters are comfortable with this form of coach layout. The other option is to rearrange the entire coach but this will entail reconfiguring the rake,\" Kumar explained. adding,Mahesh Kumar said, \"We will gather commuter take feedback of the commuters so that a final decision on the rake composition can be taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749642", "title": "Jaya visits temple for special ceremony", "text": "CHENNAI: The Triplicane Parthasarathy temple had a surprise visitor on Monday when its special entrance was opened for Vaikunta Ekadasi, an auspicious occasion in the Hindu calendar for devotees of Lord Vishnu.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa along with close aide Sasikalaa and her niece Illavarasi were at the temple at 4.20am to witness the opening of the Paramapatha Vasal (special entrance). They left soon after the priest showed the 'arathi' to the deity. Temple authorities said the chief minister had darshan of the main deity and when the Lord was taken in a procession to the special entrance, she waited there until the arathi was shown to the deity. Around 3,500 people were at the temple when the entrance was opened at 4.30 am, temple priests said.This is the first time the chief minister was at the temple for the opening of the special entrance. As temple authorities were informed about the CM's visit, security and other arrangements were in place, they said. The occasion is an important event at Srirangam, the chief minister's constituency. Lakhs of devotees converge at Srirangam in central Tamil Nadu to have a darshan of Lord Ranganathan.Due to differences in Tamil and Telugu calendars, Vaikunta Ekadasi was celebrated on two days. On Sunday, the Tirumala temple opened the special entrance and a similar ritual was conducted at Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam information centre in T Nagar.Thousands also thronged smaller Vishnu temples in the city, including the Madhav Perumal and Kesava Perumal temples. It is believed that those who fast on this day and has a darshan, gets salvation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17751572", "title": "Coimbatore soaks in Christmas spirit", "text": "COIMBATORE: Santhya Rosaline and her husband S Diraviam Fernandes will have a tough time putting their eight-year-old daughter Jane Mystica to bed on Monday night as she is eagerly awaiting the arrival of Santa Claus with his sack of gifts. Jane, a Class 2 student of Avila Convent Matriculation Higher Secondary School in the city, is all excited as she confidently claims that she has not been naughty this year and will definitely be in the good books of Santa. \"We are all set for Christmas and we have finished decorating our home and preparing the crib as usual,\" says Santhya Rosaline, a resident on Thadagam Road.It is not just Jane, but many in the city are set to celebrate Christmas with their houses decked up with serial lights, Christmas tree, mistletoes, balloons and the shining X'mas star. The power outage has indeed affected Christmas festivities but it seems most of the residents celebrating X'mas have decided to ensure that the birthday of Jesus remains colourful and bright as it has always been in the past. Churches, business establishments, commercial centres, hotels and homes have all been adorned with lines of blinking lights in various colours.Churches will see midnight mass as well as morning service on the 25{+t}{+h}. \"We will have a special Christmas prayer service at 11.30 in the night and another service on Monday morning at eight,\" says Rev Joshua Karamchander, pastor, CSI All Souls Church, Race Course.Christian families in the city have also made elaborate arrangements to celebrate the day with their family and dear ones. For Winfred Paul, executive director of a private project management firm and his family, Christmas celebrations begin right from the Advent Sunday (fourth Sunday before Christmas) when the Pauls huddle up and start planning Christmas shopping and guests start arriving at their residence in New Dhamu Nagar in the city. \"Every year, we have some new additions to our Christmas decorations, this year my elder daughter Sharone is a textile designer and she designed the customised reindeer cushion covers and curtains in our drawing room,\" adds Chithra Paul.Apart from a decked up X'mas tree with a pile of gifts stacked below, the family has ensured that the entire interior decoration is in tune with the X'mas fervour, right from Santa Claus-imprinted table clothes, Santa dolls and separate stockings for each family member to receive gifts from the fat old man in red gown.Christmas carol groups are also in full swing in the city with Santa and his gang of revellers knocking at the gates to wish them season's greetings. \"We started a few days before Christmas so that we could visit the maximum number of houses. We finished our Christmas rounds and are now taking a break so that we can relax and freshen up for the late night special prayer service,\" says Winston David, an engineering student and his group of friends at the CSI Christ church on Trichy Road.The Christmas decorations are not only attracting regular churchgoers but also members from other religious communities like Vanita Rani, who we met at the CSI All Souls church. She was there to soak in the Christmas spirit and enjoy the lighting and decorations.Some of the churches also had people arriving with their new cars and motorcycles to get them blessed by the pastor. \"I just got my motorcycle from the showroom and came straight to the church to get it blessed,\" says Philip Raja, a self- employed youth from Telungupalayam, who was at the CSI Christ Church.Bakeries and specialised cake stores also saw brisk sales on the Christmas Eve. \"We have had a huge demand for our plum cakes and chocolate ones. We had a good crowd on Monday as well,\" said Shanavas Babu, managing director, Hot Chocoloate, a popular cake and pastry chop on Avinashi Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17750603", "title": "Don't let this case go into cold storage", "text": "Police have often let hit-and-run cases get into the cold storage, saying the perpetrator cannot be traced. But, what about a case where it had a chance to act? In the case of Panchkula SDM's car ramming a pregnant lady, the police have been shying from registering a case against the driver as the victim is not in a state to register her complaint. But, with the accident happening in broad daylight, what about the eye witnesses? If it had the intent, police could have taken their account. By letting over a day pass, the police have also ensured that it can never be proved if the SDM's driver was drunk.Related Story:  24 hours on, cops yet to arrest SDM's driver", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749505", "title": "Civil aviation ministry planning to cap air fares", "text": "LUCKNOW: If plans of the Union civil aviation ministry are anything to go by then the air fares could well come within the reach of your pockets even during the period of high demand. The ministry is planning to impose a slab on private airlines above which they would not be able to raise the air fares during a given period.Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh told TOI here that a mechanism would be put in place that would not allow air fares to go beyond a fixed multiple of the minimum air fare during a given period. \"There have been times when air fares went out of bounds for people. That will be checked soon,\" Singh said while speaking to TOI.Air fares spiral up exponentially during the period of high demand. After Diwali rush , fairs have again started looking as people plan to visit their favourite destination to celebrate the New Year bash. For instance, the fare from Lucknow to Goa may range from Rs 12,000 to Rs 42,000. In fact, the travel has been structured in a way that different airlines come together to form a single package. The air fares of Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata-bound flights too are touching Rs 4,500; Rs 7,000 and Rs 5,500 per seat.For Patna-bound flights, air fares may be in the range of Rs 3,200 per seat but, a return ticket will cost you more than Rs 7,500 per seat in the year end.High air fares were observed also during Diwali when prices of air tickets shot through the roof, often touching figures six to seven times higher than the normal fare. \"The range between the lowest and the highest would be determined and fixed. The airlines won't be allowed to go beyond that,\" the minister said.For instance, on normal days, the air ticket from Lucknow to Delhi costs anywhere in the range of Rs 3,000 per adult. However, during the Diwali season, the same ticket came at a cost of around Rs 12,000, which was beyond the reach of many. Singh said that this will be monitored consistently. The minister said that the air fares have been on the rise because of various reasons. \"The rising cost of fuel and the service tax have been one of the reasons. Besides this, the bucket system (where in a price slot is decided for a certain set of fliers booking tickets on a given point of time), is also to be blamed,\" he said.Tour operators insist that air fares have been very confusing. \"At times you come across a situation where in tickets bought later cost you cheaper than those bought earlier,\" said Prateek Hira, a city-based tour operator. \"There is an urgent need to have a pricing mechanism for air tickets. After all air travel is no more a luxury but a necessity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17749881", "title": "Resurgent Bengali cinema poised for a big leap", "text": "KOLKATA: The Bengali film industry is in resurgence, churning out more movies and box office hits than anytime in the recent past.Last year, 122 movies were certified, almost three times that in 2006 (42). The industry crossed the century mark in 2010, clocking 110 films, up from 84 in 2009.Significantly, at least 90% of them recovered the investment with around 15-20% rated very successful and 10% that did phenomenal business, says the just-released Deloitte report on media and entertainment industry in Bengal. According to sources, 20% of the movies were targeted at the urban multiplex audience, of which three-four did roaring business. The rest, comprising outright commercial films, many of them remakes of Hindi, Tamil or Telugu movies, also registered success in districts. Moreover, the revenue from DVDs has also increased several times with alternative movies finding many takers.The box office success has also seen investment peaking in the Bengali film industry to Rs 150 crore, around 20% higher than last year.What's given the industry the biggest fillip is the emergence of new directors like Anik Dutta, Srijit Mukherjee, Moinak Bhowmick, Anjan Dutta, Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury, Agnidev Chatterjee and Kaushik Ganguly, who are keen to experiment. Hence, while audiences would earlier look forward to barely two or three releases by directors like Rituparno Ghosh and Aparna Sen, now there are at least two significant releases each month with refreshingly different stories and treatment.\"The director or the star line-up doesn't matter as much as it earlier did. Cine-goers still look forward to Rituparno and Aparna's films but they have more choice on the platter now. And while Prosenjit Chatterjee has lost none of the star power, it no longer matters if the cast does not ring a bell because the new age Bengali films have interesting stories to tell and are well-mounted,\" said Deloitte director Sandip Biswas.This year, there has been a string of box office hits in alternative cinema - 'Bhooter Bhabhishyat', 'Hemlock Society', 'Laptop', 'Chitrangada' and 'Muktodhara' - aimed at the urban and multiplex audience as well as mass commercial films like 'Awara' and 'Khokababu' that cater to rural and semi-urban audience. Interestingly, movies like 'Ekti Tarar Khoje' and 'Jadi Ekbar' have raked in more overseas than at home.\"The future of the Bengali film industry holds promise. It will be interesting to watch its evolution, as technology enables opportunities to monetize alternative channels like streaming content and narrow the window in reaching audience such as the international diaspora,\" said Biswas.Pinaki Shoukalin Ghosh, partner of Flipbook, believes technology is the most important catalyst. \"Due to technological advancement, the costs of the films are now more varied. This is leading to more 'Indie' filmmakers, and therefore, more creative content and more experimental works,\" Ghosh said.Producers and exhibitors are also looking beyond Bengal. A few have already worked on co-productions with the Odiya film industry and released about half a dozen Bengali action films. This trend is expected to increase. \"The right partnerships can help the Bengali film industry grow manifold by tapping rural areas. These markets will help boost returns, leading to higher production budgets and thus start a virtuous cycle,\" said Eskay Movies director Himanshu Dhanuka.Bengali films have always had a market overseas. Now, the industry wants to give it a further impetus by pushing for simultaneous release in Kolkata and Dhaka, much like Hindi films open in Mumbai and Lahore . \"The Bengali film industry needs to better reach the audience in Bangladesh as we need to harness our similar languages and cultures to expand the market. This includes their diaspora which will be critical in facilitating a bigger overseas market for Bengali films,\" said filmmaker Goutam Ghose.Actor Prosenjit, too, feels it will be critical to embrace Bangladesh not just for its audience, but also for \"cross pollination of ideas and harnessing its talent\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17751137", "title": "It's 6.6 degrees Celsius in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The chilliness in the city took on record-breaking levels on wee hours of Monday with the minimum temperature of Nagpur dipping to 6.6 degrees Celsius, around 6 degrees below normal. It has been 14 years, in the year 1998, since the city last experienced such cold in the month of December.The cold wave being experienced over Central India is due to the cool winds blowing in the Northern region of the country, say officials of the regional Met department. They also say that the cold spell is expected to continue for at least another month.\"It is expected to remain cold throughout January with spells of warmth in between. For the next two days, the minimum temperatures in the city will be close to 7 degrees Celsius. The maximum temperatures of the days may fall by a degree in the coming week and by another degree in the next week,\" said an official of the regional Met department. The department has forecast dry and cold weather conditions for the next couple of days.Nagpur remained the coldest city of the region on Monday with a fall of 5.5 degrees in its minimum temperature from the normal. Wardha, Gondia, Amravati and Yavatmal also shivered with their minimum temperatures for the day falling to 9, 9, 9.8 and 10.2 degrees respectively.The maximum temperatures for the day, meanwhile, remained closer to normal at most places of the region. The biggest deviation in this regard was seen in Gondia where the maximum temperature for the day was two degrees below normal at 26.1 degrees Celsius.Ironically, only a couple of weeks ago (December 9), the minimum temperature in the city rose to 17.2 degrees Celsius to make this month the warmest December in a decade. In only two weeks, there has been a complete turnaround in the weather conditions from summery warmth to piercing cold. This year, winter has been alternating between periods of warm and cold spells.Last month, in fact, saw the tables turning from a record-breaking minimum temperature of 10.2 degrees Celsius, the lowest November temperature in more than a decade. For three consecutive days, the mercury had been five degrees below normal hovering between 11 and 10 degrees to finally touch the lowest on November 16. After that, however, there was a gradual rise in temperature with bright and sunny days being experienced only a week later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17750401", "title": "Bandh observed in Guntur over arrest of TDP leaders", "text": "GUNTUR: Educational institutions and business establishments in the district remained closed on Monday following a bandh call given by the TDP in protest against the arrest of its senior leaders including Kodela Sivaprasada Rao in Narasaraopet on Sunday on the charge of violating police restrictions.Several senior leaders including the party's floor leader in the legislative council Daadi Veerabhadra Rao and Karanam Balaram rushed to Guntur to oversee the agitations on the issue. TDP cadres staged dharnas and rasta rokos at many places in the district in protest against the arrest and lathicharge against the party leaders.Daadi Veerabhadra Rao took strong objection to the arrest and caning of TDP leaders for questioning the irregularities in the enrolment of voters in the cooperative societies. The TDP leaders demanded the suspension of Narasaraopet DSP Venkatrami Reddy for resorting to lathicharge against the peacefully protesting cadres.Meanwhile, the scene shifted to the district prison in Guntur after Kodela was brought to the jail in an ambulance in the wee hours of Monday. Police made senior TDP leaders to wait in the cold till midnight and did not disclose their game plan about producing Kodela before the judge. Kodela and other leaders, who were arrested in the case, were kept in the I-town police station for few hours. Suspecting foul play, TDP leaders obstructed the police convoy and staged a rasta roko. After dispersing the agitators, the police produced the former minister before the magistrate in Sattenapalle as the magistrate in Narasaraopet was in leave.The magistrate dismissed the bail petition and sent the all the arrested leaders to judicial remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749106", "title": "Delhi gang rape: \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAttack on media abhorrent\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police brutality against media persons came in for sharp criticism from all quarters, including government and industry bodies.While the News Broadcasters Association (NBA) criticized the police action, saying media personnel and their equipment were specifically targeted, Press Council of India chief Markandey Katju described it as a flagrant attack on democracy.Responding to complaints by media persons, I&B; minister Manish Tewari also condemned the incidents. \"If there is any action warranted or unwarranted which impinges upon the freedom of speech and expression which includes right to report, we consider it abhorrent and condemn it,\" he said.NBA expressed \"shock and concern'' that several journalists, camera persons and media crew from various news channels were injured in the police action at India Gate and expensive broadcast equipment damaged. \"The fact that water canons were used at specific media locations and journalists even with mikes in their hands were injured suggests that the media was targeted,\" a statement by the association said.NBA asserted that all member channels had reported protests over the last few days with great maturity, sensitivity and restraint. \"Any police action against our reporters is therefore unacceptable an condemned in no uncertain terms. It would be a sad day for the country, and democracy, if any attempt is made to muzzle the media,\" the association said.PCI chairperson Katju sought action against the policemen. \"The journalists were only covering the events, which it is their fundamental right under the Constitution to do, and in fact that is their duty to the public. Many journalists were targeted by the police, their cameras broken, and many were physically assaulted,\" he said.\"This a flagrant attack on democracy in the country, and it is not an isolated incident. Many such incidents are coming to my knowledge from different parts of the country,\" Katju said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17749556", "title": "Cop suspended for illicit relations with culprit's sister", "text": "JALANDHAR: A police inspector who allegedly developed physical relations with sister of a wanted man and then pretended to marry her while giving a leeway to the wanted man has been suspended.The matter was exposed by the inspector's wife and his sister who in a fit of rage even attacked his \"second wife\" with whom he used to live. SHO of police division number 3, Inspector Dharamvir, was placed under suspension and booked in a criminal case after he faced a confrontation between his wife and another woman, with whom he was in relationship.The inspector had to run away from Bhargo camp area in the morning after his wife and his sister attacked his \"second wife\" in his presence. His \"second wife\" Reema told police that in 2011, when Dharamvir was an additional SHO, he came to their house while looking for her brother Vinay who was booked in a theft case. \"He started flirting with me and then we had an affair. On November 19, 2011, he tied a mangal sutra around my neck and told me that we had got married. He had been telling me that he was living here alone and was unmarried,\" she told the police after the incident. His wife developed suspicions when the remained away from home for several nights. Police booked Dharamvir, his wife and his sister for criminal trespass and for assault under sections 452, 323 and 324 of IPC. Senior police officers said that a departmental enquiry had been marked against the erring officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17749659", "title": "Seeking the right tone", "text": "As the season progresses and concert schedules get crowded, musicians sip hot water and potions to keep their voices in form. A few have also invested in learning how to train the voice and find the right technique. \"I have always felt that I needed to go to somebody to improve my delivery,\" says Carnatic vocalist Aruna Sairam. Armed with suggestions from experts in India, she met Eugene Rabine, founder-director of Rabine Institute for Functional Voice Pedagogy in Germany. \"My voice is low pitched compared to other female singers. It resonates in low pitch but you have to be unobtrusive as it carries a lot of weight,\" she says.The exercises paid off. \"Rabine makes you aware of how the voice is produced. I worked for two years and found that the voice just flows,\" she says. Now, singing is seamless and more enjoyable. Not all musicians are tuned into their voices, says musician and voice expert Ananth Vaidyanathan, who is training a batch of young Carnatic musicians in voice-based performance practices. \"In the premike era, there was two kinds of singing,\" he says. Musicians like S G Kittappa sang loudly so everyone in the audience could hear. There were soft and elegant chamber concerts where artists sang for the cognoscenti.But what dimmed the need for a beautiful voice was the nature of Carnatic music and its select audience. \"The music is so intellectual that you don't need a beautiful voice to carry it. Also, the small audience is conditioned to enjoy it,\" he says.Things started changing in the 1990s with artists like Bombay Jayashri, Vijay Siva and P Unnikrishnan looking to enhance their voices. Now, younger artists like Bharat Sundar are careful about having the right voice.\"I had to learn to modulate my voice for film songs. When I started singing Carnatic, I had to exert to make my voice stronger,\" says Sundar, who has been fine-tuning his techniques. Sundar listens to seniors to figure out how they handle their voices. \"There are enough practice lessons in Carnatic music, but I wish there was more information on how to sing,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748457", "title": "Master Bullet fancied", "text": "NEW DELHI: Master Bullet should claim the SKV Juvenile Million at the Delhi races on Tuesday.Selections: 1st race: Gold Maid 1, Yalamlam 2, Caught The Eye 3; 2nd race: Goed Paard 1, Morning Devotion 2, Elementto Trance 3; 3rd race: Kohinoor Beauty 1, Captain Confident 2, Anamika 3;. 4th race: Master Bullet 1, Marhaba 2, So Sweet 3; 5th race: Gold Spark 1, Ka Ching 2, Tez Raftar 3; 6th race: Sahstrajit 1, Sadajit 2, Assertive 3", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17751210", "title": "Cops conduct surprise raids in pubs, night bars", "text": "GURGAON: To avoid any untoward incident in Gurgaon, a police team headed by joint commissioner conducted surprise raids in city pubs and night bars verifying credentials of visitors.In the wake of Delhi gang-rape case, police have started special vigil visits to city-based pubs and bars at MG road. A special team led by joint commissioner Anil Rao inspected pubs and verified the credentials of visitors and the staff.The officials checked identity cards and visitor registers. The party goers and pub staff were urged by police to ensure that no untoward incident is reported from the city.\"We have told all pub owners that the responsibility to keep all safe and avoid any crime in their premises is solely their responsibility. We have told people that they are free to party but we shall not take any nonsense. The pub owners have been instructed to ensure complete discipline during parties as any ruckus would lead them in trouble,\" said Anil Rao, joint commissioner of police, Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753585", "title": "Vijayalakshmi excited about her looks", "text": "CS Amudhan's second film 'Rendavathu Padam' starring Vimal, Ramya Nambeesan, Vijayalakshmi is nearing completion. The crew have finished shooting of the movie and the dubbing is going on. Vijayalakshmi, who appears in a glamourous avatar by doing a cross-legged Basic Instinct act a la Sharon Stone , has caught the attention of many and she also excited about her new look in the film.The Chennai 600028 actress plays an arrogant negative role in the film, who doesn't listen to anyone. Vijayalakshmi tweeted \"Dubbing fa #RendavathuPadam Watching a completely Difrnt Vg on scrn. @csamudhan The Great. Cant wait 2 show it 2 u all.\"' Rendavathu Padam ' is CS Amudhan's second film after his spoof film titled ' Tamil Padam ' and the director has confirmed the movie is not a parody script like his earlier critically acclaimed film. A one-minute teaser of Rendavathu Padam was released a few months back and it had whipped the curiosity of the audience on what exactly the film is about.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17751360", "title": "Confer Bharat Ratna on Vajpayee: CM", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan inaugurated an exhibition of public relations department focusing on former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee on Good Governance Day here on Monday. The exhibition has been organised at Ustad Alauddin Khan Sangeet Academy's auditorium.Public relations and culture minister Laxmikant Sharma and state BJP president Narendra Singh Tomar were also present on the occasion. After going round the exhibition, Chouhan lauded the manner of its presentation. Talking to media later, he said Atal Bihari Vajpayee should be conferred Bharat Ratna. He is a leader who is cynosure of all eyes. He said Vajpayee lives in the hearts of country's people. Chouhan described Atalji as a patriot and great scholar.Chouhan said he would congratulate Atal Bihari Vajpayee on behalf of state's people in New Delhi on December 25. The exhibition dedicated to the former Prime Minister on the eve of his birthday displays about 100 photographs throwing light on various aspects of his life. The photographs include those of his childhood days, Gwalior-based school, with noted political leaders and other special occasions.Principal secretary, culture, BP Singh, secretary Pankaj Rag, commissioner, public relations Rakesh Shrivastava and a large number of distinguished citizens were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17751301", "title": "At least two rape cases in Patna district every month", "text": "PATNA: Patna district registers at least two rape cases in every month with different police stations. But, in many cases, dispensation of justice to the victim is slow and tardy. According to police officials, many girls do not even come to the police station to lodge complaint for fear of social stigma. \"In cases of murder and other crimes police can independently lodge FIR, but in rape cases police cannot do not. We can only hold inquiries but are unable to lodge FIR,\" said Patna DIG (central range) Sunil Kumar.Many of the rape cases of Patna remain pending for quite a long period due to several reasons. \"Apart from the delay in getting medical reports, the family members of the victims also create trouble for the investigating officers. Instead of providing the victims moral support and confidence, their family members add to their mental dilemma, slowing down the investigation,\" said a senior police official who didn't wish to be identified.He said, \"In 80% cases, it was found that the accused was somehow known to the victim. The girls should be careful while being friendly with their male acquaintances. Even some family members, including the father, were accused in some cases. In such cases, lodging of an FIR becomes more difficult.\"In some cases, evidences were sent to the forensic science laboratory (FSL) for examination but reports are still awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750734", "title": "Board declares 99% result for class XI 1 semester exam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) on Monday declared over 99 per cent result of first semester exams of Class XI (science). In all, 1,16,940 students had appeared for the exam of which 617 students have failed while 241 candidates did not appear for all the exams.In the A group, 74,536 students had appeared of which 74,097 students cleared the exam. The result was 99.41 per cent. In the B group, 42,361 students appeared for the exam of which 41,942 students passed. The result was 99.01 per cent.Officials said that 763 students have scored 99 percentile and above in the A group while 438 students have scored over 99 percentile in the B group.A record 86 students scored 100 out of 100 marks in chemistry while 81 students scored cent percent marks in maths and 23 students in physics. Students also scored cent per cent marks in languages where 12 students scored 100 out of 100 in English and one in Hindi. Not a single student scored cent per cent marks in biology.Recently, the GSHSEB also declared 99 per cent result in the third semester exam of HSC (science). Officials said that the final result of HSC (science) will be declared after the fourth semester exam is conducted in March.A total of 129 students with disabilities had also appeared for the exam of which 121 students cleared the exam.GSHSEB chairman R R Varsani said that the semester system which was introduced in class XI and XII (science) last year will prove to be blessing for the students. \"Appearing for semester exams has taken off a lot of burden from students. We are hopeful that the over all result in 2013 would be better than past years,\" said Varsani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749428", "title": "Shocked Marathi film industry seeks better traffic regulation", "text": "PUNE: Actors from the Marathi television and film industry, stunned by the sudden death of actors Anand Abhyankar and Akshay Pendse in an expressway accident on Monday, have sought improvement in the traffic regulation to avoid such loss of lives in future.Several actors had gathered at Abhyankar and Pendse's residences and at the Vaikuntha crematorium. Directors, poets, scriptwriters from the Hindi and Marathi entertainment industries arrived in the city from Mumbai and other parts of the state for the actors' last rites.\"This was not the first time such an accident has taken place. These are not accidents; these are murders caused by rough traffic. Two brilliant actors lost their lives without any fault on their part. Today, these two people have lost their lives; many more may lose theirs in future. We have to stop this,\" poet Sandeep Khare told reporters. He said it was high time steps were taken to improve highway traffic.Actor Pushkar Shrotri, echoing Khare's sentiments, said, \"Three innocent lives have been lost. There is a lot of work pressure and everybody will have to be ready for work the next day. But how many times are we going to term such accidents as 'fate' and go ahead with our lives without doing anything?\"Anand had spent nearly 20 years in the theatre, film and television industry. He will be remembered as a \"versatile actor and good human being\", his co-actors said. He was currently playing one of the lead roles in the popular Marathi television series 'Mala Sasu Havi', while Pendse was playing his son's role in the series.Abhyankar had worked in a number of films and serials. Some of his notable roles were in the Hindi films 'Vastav' and 'Jis Desh Main Ganga Raheta Hai' and Marathi films 'Spandan' and 'Matichya Chuli'.Pendse had been working in Mumbai for around eight years. He had worked in plays such as 'Mister Namdev Mhane' and Marathi films 'Uttarayan' and 'Kay Dyache Bola'. He was active in Marathi theatre.Abhyankar is survived by a wife, daughter, son and his parents. Pendse is survived by his wife, mother and a brother.Actor Asawari Joshi, Abhyankar's on-screen wife in 'Mala Sasu Havi', said that the whole unit was in shock. \"No one can believe this has happened. We have lost our family members \u00e2\u20ac\u201d they were not just our TV family members, but had become part of our real families,\" she said, with tearful eyes.\"He was not only a brilliant actor, but also a responsible family man. People who work in the film industry find it hard to devote time to their families. But Anand always made sure that he took care of his family. He used to find time to teach his son. Balancing the dual role of a family man and full-time actor is tough, but Anand did it successfully,\" said actor Ashok Shinde.Noted actor Nana Patekar paid homage to the actors and shared his memories of them. \"In the past, Abhyankar had to replace another actor in a film after his sudden death. Now, due to destiny, someone else will have to replace Abhyankar for his role!\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750694", "title": "Odisha shivers as cold wave continues", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Cold waves continued to sweep across the state for the second consecutive day on Monday with the state reporting temperature as low as one degree Celsius, the day's lowest.The inflow of strong cold breeze from the Himalayas, which led to a drop in mercury level, is likely to continue till Friday, according to the Met office.Sarat Chandra Sahu, director of Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) in the city, said minimum night temperature in at least 12 places in the state dipped below 10 degree Celsius on Monday. In many places, the drop in minimum night temperature has been varying between four degree and five degree Celsius for a few days, he added.However, Sahu said night temperature is likely to rise after December 29 owing to formation of anti-cyclonic circulation.Daringbadi recorded one degree Celsius, the day's lowest in the state. Temperature here had dropped to freezing level in the past. Phulbani, the district headquarter town near Daringbadi, was shivering at 5.6 degree Celsius.Minimum temperature in Bhubaneswar too dropped to 11 degree Celsius, 3 degree less than the normal, and was the lowest in the season till date.Besides Phulbani, other places which recorded night temperature less then 10 degree Celsius include Keonjhar and Baripada (6.4 degree Celsius each), Sundergarh ( 6.9 degree Celsius), Jharsuguda (7.9 degree Celsius), Bolangir (8.5 degree Celsius), Bhawanipatna and Angul (9 degree Celsius each) and Balasore (9.9 degree Celsius), Met office data showed on Monday. Cuttack recorded the minimum night temperature of 10.2 degree Celsius.Strong wind and poor visibility due to fog in many places kept people indoors till late hours in the morning. Daringbadi BDO Sailendra Kumar Das said this year the administration provided cash to 18,000 poor people for blankets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749370", "title": "Caught with dad's debit card, boy goes missing", "text": "MUMBAI: A fifteen-year-old boy, son of a sailor in the Indian Navy, has gone missing since first week of November. On November 4, the boy, Shubham Yadav, left the house after his mother caught him using his father's debit card.\"My wife scolded Shubham for using my debit card. He got scared and left the house. We thought he will return in sometime, but he has not returned till date. He left his cellphone at home,\" said Jaipal Yadav, the boy's father.A missing person's complaint has been filed with the Cuffe Parade police station.The boy, Shubham Yadav, was found having his father, Jaipal's debit card in his pocket on November 4. \"My wife snubbed him for keeping my debit card with him. The boy got scared and left home. We thought he will return in sometime but till date he has not come home. He also left his mobile phone at home,\" Jaipal said.During investigation, it was found that Shubham had withdrawn Rs 46,000 in several attempts. Jaipal approached the cyber crime cell to find out if Shubham's email account could help him trace his son's location. However, the last time Shubham operated his email account was in February. Anyone having information on Shubham can contact the Cuffe Parade police station on 022-22188009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17748777", "title": "UP rape victim raped by cops probing case", "text": "LUCKNOW: A gang-rape victim from Uttar Pradesh's Ambedkar Nagar, who was again violated by the investigating officer (IO) probing her case, has now alleged that she was also raped by the inspector in charge of the police station where she had lodged her complaint. While the IO was arrested on December 14, no action has been taken against the inspector. Now the victim has written to the chief minister for justice.Maan Singh, a senior sub inspector (SSI) posted at Akbarpur police station in Ambedkar Nagar, was arrested on December 14 from a hotel in Faizabad by SSP D S Yadav. The arrest came after the SSP was informed that the cop had brought the gang-rape victim from Ambedkar Nagar to the hotel and was raping her. The victim was rescued from the room after the cop was caught with his pants down. Now the rape victim has alleged that in-charge of the Akbarpur Kotwali, inspector AK Upadhyay, had also raped her.As per the woman, she was gang-raped in Ambedkar Nagar last month. Her family had lodged an FIR in this connection at the Akbarpur police station. Maan Singh was the IO of the case. Allegations are that after the police failed to initiate any action against the accused, the victim approached the SSI who promised to help her.He then suggested that she should accompany him to Faizabad and appear before the deputy inspector general (DIG) Faizabad Range of which Ambedkar Nagar district police is a part. The unsuspecting victim agreed and accompanied Maan Singh to Faizabad. The cop took the victim to the hotel and raped her. During her ordeal, the woman somehow managed to send a message to her neighbour in Ambedkar Nagar, who contacted the Faizabad SSP.The girl has now alleged that by the time the SSP raided the hotel and arrested Maan Singh, she had already been raped by Upadhyay as well. Upadhyay is the immediate boss of Maan Singh. The victim, in her letter to the senior officers, has alleged that though she had provided this information to the officer investigating the rape case against Maan Singh, no action has been initiated against the accused inspector.The woman has now alleged that since the matter was related to the police department, she was being threatened not to testify against the arrested SSI before the court and was also under pressure not to raise the issue of the inspector's involvement.Faizabad city SP Subhash Singh Baghel said he was getting the charges verified. \"Whosoever involved will not be spared.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749882", "title": "Lieutenant-governor stands up for police chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Denying that he had cut short his visit to the US to return to Delhi as he was summoned by the union home minister, lieutenant-governor Tejendra Khanna on Monday ruled out his resignation on the issue of the brutal gang rape of a 23-year-old. Asserting that he wants those responsible to be \"bitterly punished\", the LG asserted that he did not believe in symbolic gestures like \"resigning\" when corrective action was required.Admitting that the policing system had several flaws, including corruption, the LG clearly indicated on that he was not going to ask police chief Neeraj Kumar to step down. He, in fact, praised Kumar's professionalism and management skills during Commonwealth Games in 2010 when he was in-charge of security.The LG's remarks came a day after chief minister Sheila Dikshit asked Sushilkumar Shinde for action against senior police officers. It is believed she meant Neeraj Kumar.Steering clear of taking any responsibility on safety, Dikshit had on Sunday slammed the police and said it was the duty of the police commissioner, LG and the home ministry to put mechanisms in place to prevent cases like the gangrape. She once again raised the need for corrective measures and a sensitive police force, this time with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . \"I have apprised the PM about the angst and the sentiments of the people of Delhi and the need for corrective measures,\" the CM said.Meanwhile, a belated stock-taking exercise began with a sudden sense of urgency at the LG's office. He held meetings with the police commissioner, special commissioners and women organizations. He also met some youth at a open house and issued appeal for calm.At a press conference soon after, he explained: \"I had gone to visit my daughter in US with the permission of the President of India. I had left Delhi before the brutal assault happened. I deny reports that I have been summoned by the home ministry. In fact, on seeing the situation here, I decided to cut short my visit and return,\" Khanna said. \"As far my removal goes, it is for the political masters to take a call. If they thing I am doing a good job I stay or else I go,\" he added.On the CM's demands that police should be brought under Delhi government and full statehood granted, Khanna said it was up to Parliament.was cautious. \"It is a decision that lies with parliament and not with anyone of us. In my past tenure as LG in 1997-98 too when there were a series of low intensity blasts in Delhi the ruling BJP had raised the issue of statehood and bringing law and order under the purview of the state. Then too I had maintained that decision lies with the parliament. And if statehood happens so be it. None of us are permanent here,\" Khanna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17751327", "title": "Christmas is in the air", "text": "BHOPAL: Offices, homes, as well as the markets, wear a festive spirit this Christmas. Markets are flooded with Santa Claus idols, colourful gifts, Christmas trees and luscious bakery items. There is a heavy rush for Christmas trees, gift papers, colourful stars, Santa Claus caps, gift bags and decorative lights in the new market and Chowk Bazar.Suresh Wadhwa, a shopkeeper in New Market said, \"there is a heavy demand for Christmas trees here. People are taking X-mas trees of various sizes since last few days. Gifts, cards, streamers, bells and various other decorative materials are in high demand. This time LED candles which create various lighting effects are more in demand,\" he added.Sanjay Sachdeva , a bakery shop owner said, \" We have special variety of Orange cakes which is Christmas special apart from Rum cake and fruit cake.\"Father Elphiz at Campion school said, \"My school children have decorated this crib and garrotte of Jesus Christ.\"24-year-old Smith Singh, who works in a BPO said, \" Even, my collegues and me decorated my office with an x-mass tree , stars and x-mass balls and colourful Santa balloons. We are really enjoying doing it.\"Sulekha Kumari, NLSU student who stays in a rented house in Indrapuri, said, \"We have purchased a mid-size x-mas tree, bells, glitters and I am going to prepare tasty rum-cake for mid-night celebrations. Even me and my roommate Nikita have practiced a Christmas carol on guitar.Father Shelmon, at Seva Sadan said, \"the Christmas carol will start at 10:30 pm and then the evening prayers. Our children will sing it for which they are practising well.\" \"We have to prepare a lot for the evening ceremony and decoration work is going on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750704", "title": "Its celebration time in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With Christmas as its beginning, what could be a better way to start the grand Kankaria Carnival. The city is all decked up and Amdavadis are ready to witness the extravagant event of the year that commences from Tuesday at Kankaria lake.The last minute preparations have been done and everyone is set to experience the most talked about event in Ahmedabad after the recent elections.The festival stretches over a week and will showcase events like wall painting, cultural activities, tricycle rally and much more. Ample security arrangements have also been put in place. The whole area is under surveillance of CCTVs.According to municipal commissioner Dr Guruprasad Mohapatra, \"It has become a brand now. It is getting bigger and has spread wide. It defines the socio-cultural life of the city.\"This time around, there are some interesting additions to the list of events. There will be a charity bag allowing citizens to donate for the needy. Other attractions of the carnival will be scuba diving, sag way polo and a rock performance. The biggest addition will be a Carnival Parade from Tagore Hall to Kankaria Lake.Ahmedabad mayor Asit Vora said, \"This event is to bring a civic sense, unity and make people have a sense of belonging for the city and the festival.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17751577", "title": "Recent survey says tiger count has gone up to 25 in Sathyamangalam forests", "text": "COIMBATORE: Amidst stiff opposition from forest dwelling communities living on the fringes of Sathyamangalam Wildlife Sanctuary, against converting the old Veerappan lair as a tiger reserve, the forest department claimed on Monday that the tiger population was stable and poised for further increase. Sathyamangalam Divisional Forest Officer N Sathish said surveys conducted by Wildlife Trust of India and Worldwide Fund in consultation with the forest department had confirmed that the tiger population in the area is between 18 and 25.\"Last year, there were 18 tigers. Based on the surveys done, we believe the tiger population within the sanctuary has increased to 25,\" he said. According to him, the number of tigers was fixed after identifying the individual tigers based on their unique coat pattern and DNA fingerprinting from scats. Apart from that, modern equipment including laser range finders was used for enumeration of tigers in the sanctuary. DNA analysis and camera trappings were also used for the conclusion, he said. The surveyors adopted line-transect direct count, carnivore sign survey, dung count and waterhole count systems to take stock of the tigers. According to Sathish, an itemized list of animals within the sanctuary would be released after merging data collected by surveys.\"The presence of tigers was confirmed in many areas. In Thengumarahada, Kettuvadi and Bijilatti, bodies of deer killed by tigers were found. Marks left by tigers on some trees were also documented. Cameras have been installed in various parts of the forest to capture their images,\" he said.According to Sathish, the enumerators found large herds of elephants inside the forest and their number count is around 800. The area is one of the largest havens for Asiatic elephants, he said. The surveyors also found cheetahs, jackals and bears inside the forest.\"A healthy prey base, strict vigil in forests, conservation efforts and reduction of cattle population in forest fringes has yielded positive results in Sathyamangalam,\" he said.\"Once it gets tiger reserve status, there would be total improvement in the wild animal count. Projects undertaken would help not only the tigers but the entire flora and fauna of the region. It is home to one fourth of the elephants in the state. Sathyamangalam is also a migratory path for over 6,000 Asiatic elephants which move from the Nilgiris to Bandipur in Karnataka,\" Sathish said. It also has a large number of black bucks and hyenas, he added.Ironically, it was forest brigand Veerappan who helped increase the tiger population here. As his focus was just on elephants and sandalwood, other animals were safe. For the two decades he ruled the area, poachers kept away, fearing his wrath.Local communities including 16 village panchayats located within the forests accuse the forest department of unilaterally attempting to make it a tiger reserve without addressing issues pertaining to their survival and livelihood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17750129", "title": "Mega tourism projects in Vizag run into land hurdles", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The ambitious plans of tourism ministry to develop Vizag as a mega tourism hub seem to be headed for choppy waters. Of the five proposed mega tourism projects worth Rs 425 crore mooted by the tourism ministry under the public private partnership mode in the vicinity of Visakhapatnam, two have been found to be unsuitable.These include the Rs 150 crore international convention centre project at Mudasarlova and the Rs 50 crore science and entertainment city project near Thotlakonda at Kapuluppada. Apart from these two, the ministry had also mooted a tourism park and Aarogyadham at Madhurawada as well as a Wonders of the World theme park at Endada.According to sources, the surveyors who were in Vizag barely four days ago had visited the sites for the proposed projects and seemed to be happy with the sites allotted for most of the projects with the exception of the site at Mudasarlova and the one barely 1.5 kms from the Thotlakonda Buddhist heritage site at Kapuluppada. The two posed a problem as the former was allegedly in the catchment area of the Mudasarlova reservoir adjacent to it, while the other was to be provided access via the Thotlakonda road.According to sources, the surveyors realised that the 20-acre Mudasarlova site was completely wedged between Mudasarlova Park, the reservoir and Kambalakonda wildlife sanctuary and was uncomfortably close to the catchment, if not as alleged inside the catchment area.While sources in GVMC claimed that the land was allotted for such projects as it was not in the catchment zone, many concerned citizens believe that a large number of rules might have to be bent, if not broken, for some portions of this project to come true.As for the science and entertainment city project at Kapuluppada, sources said that the surveyors consulted members of Intach and the ASI officials on whether a road could be constructed leading to the proposed park but were understood to have received a defiant no for an answer. As per the ASI guidelines, paths leading to protected sites cannot be used for any other purpose and Intach sources pointed out that the Indian Navy had shelved a project behind Thotlakonda as they were denied access via the road leading to the heritage site.Sources observed that the same rule would hold true in case the government decides to grant access for the science and entertainment city which, if constructed 1.5 kms behind the Buddhist site as proposed, would have the potential to turn the road into a thoroughfare.The Rs150-crore international convention centre at Mudasarlova and the Rs 50 crore science and entertainment city near Thotlakonda were surveyed and found to be unsuitable location-wise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "17749449", "title": "Karnataka deputy CM raided, Rs 11 lakh found", "text": "SHIMOGA: In a huge embarrassment to the ruling BJP, Lokayukta raided properties of deputy chief minister and BJP state president K S Eshwarappa and seized Rs 10.9 lakh in cash, 1.9 kg of gold and 37 kg of silver on Monday.In all, searches were conducted at eight places, including his Bangalore and Shimoga residences, a cement dealership unit, two educational institutions and the house of his close aide N Somasekhar in Shimoga.A Shimoga court on December 15 ordered an investigation into a complaint filed by advocate B Vinod, who alleged that Eshwarappa, his son, Kanthesh K E, and daughter-in-law, Shalini, had amassed wealth disproportionate to their known sources of income. Lokayukta police had subsequently registered a case and taken up investigation.Early on Monday, Lokayuktha police led by SP Lingareddy and his six teams raided the properties even as Eshwarappa had set out on a tour in Koppal district.While officials had no problem in entering seven properties, they found Eshwarappa's Bangalore residence in Vasanthnagar locked.The officials managed to gain access only after one of Eshwarappa's personal assistants rushed to hand over the house keys after officials threatened to seal the house. \"If we had sealed the house, Eshwarappa would have required court's permission to unlock it,'' a senior Lokayukta official said.In Shimoga, the teams raided the house of Mandi Mahesh, a close relative of Eshwarappa, and a merchant and stamp vendor Ravikumar, who helped Eshwarappa register various properties purchased by him in the city. According to Lokayukta sources, they have seized some property related documents from them.Similarly, raids were conducted on Eshwarappa's brother-in-law's house on Ashoka Road, Shimoga.JD(S) Shimoga district unit held a protest and demanded action against Eshwarappa. The party urged him to resign forthwith on moral grounds in order to allow free and fair investigation.After the case was filed, he had last week dismissed suggestions for his resignation from the Cabinet, noting that the probe was ordered based on a private complaintEshwarappa said, \"I welcome the raids. Truth will prevail after investigations. It's all political vendetta. I will fight it out in the court. I am confident I will come out clean.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752416", "title": "Going bald doesn't mean I'm celibate: Tanushree", "text": "Former Miss India Tanushree Dutta , who steamed up the screen with her sensuous turn opposite Emraan Hashmi in Aashiq Banaya Aapne, and lived up to her image of a seductress in subsequent films, will sport a wig for her 31st night performance in Dubai .Not just a decorative piece, the extensions have been necessitated by the severely tonsured look the pretty actress has been sporting, ever since she embraced spirituality roughly two years ago.When TOI got in touch with the actress, she responded with the maturity and calm well beyond her 28 years. \"I was never feverishly pursuing Bollywood ,\" she said, taking us through her journey from the world of beauty pageants and 'A' rated films to Spartan retreats in Ladakh.Tanushree's spiritual turn was prompted by a book she chanced upon and the bitterness that stemmed from being exposed to the ugly side of the film industry. \"I was reading The Mystic Eye by Sadhguru of Isha Yoga Centre. I couldn't keep the book down and finished it in two-and-half hours. I was always inclined towards spiritualism but was afraid that I would become a sanyasin if I pursued it actively.\"In November 2010, a friend introduced her to an ashram in Coimbatore where she says, her \"life changed forever.\" Her week-long retreat extended to over two months. After some introspection, Tanushree says she realised that she needed \"to step back in order to move forward.\" Since then she has been going back to that ashram, has been through Vipassana courses and has also been introduced to Buddhist philosophy in Ladakh. \"My mom was upset that at the age when I should have been living it up and looking ahead at a happy, married life, I had gone fully bald!\" says the actress about her decision to shorn herself of her lustrous mane. Tanushree claims her decision to shave her head was inspired by the many ascetics she met during her spiritual journey. But it was not easy.\"I panicked when I saw myself in the mirror. There I was, a glamour icon till a few minutes back, and then I was standing there, bereft of my crowning glory. Then it hit me, I am just a creature.\"Tanushree says she is in a happier place now. \"I have evolved tremendously. I was surrounded by aggressive, competitive people who affected me badly. Now I don't care,\" she says, but adds quickly,\"Please don't jump to conclusions that I have taken up a vow of celibacy or remain single. I'll marry once I find the right person,\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17750082", "title": "AP teachers' union goes on hunger stir", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Members of Andhra Pradesh State Teachers Union (APSTU) staged a protest at the collectorate on Monday before embarking on a 36-hour hunger strike to press for their demands. The hunger strike is being conducted by every district cell of the APSTU all over the state.The demands of the teachers include wage hikes, re-gradation of grade-2 teachers, study leave for SC and ST teachers as well as regularisation of pay scales of teachers selected by DSC in the year 2008, among others. Elaborating on the demands, K Sanyasi Rao, president of the Vizag chapter of APSTU, who embarked on the hunger strike along with five others, said \"It is time the government upgraded the ranks of long serving teacher assistants, PDs and pandits. This has not been done for years now and despite their experience they are missing out on their dues and other perks. As for special teachers and aided apprentices, notional increment for the period they served between 2002-2008 must be paid. More importantly the 342 GO passed by the government must be amended to ensure that SC and ST teachers get the provision of study leave in case they wish to seek higher education.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17751055", "title": "Traffic police gets cracking on drunk driving in Nashik", "text": "Nashik: If revellers do not want to spend the New Year behind bars, they better not indulge in drunk driving,\" is what assistant commissioner of police, Sanjeev Thakur, advises. \"Strict measures have been put in place to nab drunk drivers on the night of December 31,\" added Thakur.He said that the traffic department has already rounded up 125 to 150 cases of drunk driving this year and they would be getting even stricter on the night of December 31 as chances of drunk driving would be on the rise given that liquor shops and permit rooms would be open till the wee hours of January 1.\"Last year we had around 17 to 18 cases of drunk driving and the people were booked under Section 185 of the Motor Vehicle Act for drunk driving,\" said ACP.Officials informed that drunken driving was a cognizable offence and if driving in an inebriated state, motorists cannot escape by merely paying the fine. Police officials have the power to lodge a complaint with the police station and send the case to the court. If proven guilty, the offender's driving license can be suspended for six month and s/he could even be sentenced to one month imprisonment.The traffic cops would be putting into use six alcohol breath analysers. Declining to inform the spots where their action would be focused, traffic officials said that they would strike at any given spot to check for defaulters.The breath alcohol analyser has different screens and signals which prove if a person has consumed alcohol or not. If the breath analyser indicates 0.03% of alcohol in a person's body, then the person is considered as positive and he is liable to be punished under the Motor Vehicle Act.In 2012, the maximum number of fatal accidents and accidents with grievous injuries took place in the month of January, in which 20 people lost their lives while 24 were seriously injured.In January 2011, the number of fatal accidents stood at 13 with 15 fatalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17750869", "title": "Patnaites herald Baby Jesus' birth", "text": "PATNA: 'Joy to the world, The Lord is come!' The city churches reverberated with the melody of the carols welcoming the arrival of Jesus as soon as the clock struck 12. And people gathered around the crib at the nearest church to watch their saviour as did the humble shepherd and the kings some thousands of years ago.Joy flourished in all the churches of the city where celebrations began after 10pm on Monday. About 3,000 people of the Catholic community in Kurji, Patna , participated in the celebrations at the Queen of The Apostles Church, Kurji Parish, to express their faith and devotion to Jesus. Father Johnson Kelakath, assistant parish priest, told TOI that the Mass or Eucharist takes place every day. However, on Christmas night, the sheen of the church and the worshippers' enthusiasm have a different aura as the believers reverently immerse themselves in large numbers to worship the Almighty despite the bone-chilling cold.The wave of enthusiasm and high spirit of the Catholics marked the celebration at the Believers Church at Ashiana Nagar where more than 200 faithfuls attended the mass and sang Christmas carol to mark the birth of Christ. Bishop M A Lalachan said the Bible explains, \"For God so loved the world that, He gave His only begotten Son, that, whosoever believeth in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.\"So, to share the same spirit of love we would distribute 50 tricycles to persons with disabilities and also distribute warm clothes to 50 widows, irrespective of their community and religion, he said.At Bankipore church, which was decked up in its entire splendour, received hundreds of people from around the vicinity. \"It is only the faith in God that beating the chill people in such large number gathered at the church to celebrate the arrival of the redeemer,\" said Father Jerome Dung Dung of Bankipore church.At St Mary's Church at Chakaram, people started making a beeline after 10pm on Monday only to attend the midnight Mass. Some 75 families and 250 odd people gathered at the place to celebrate the occasion. \"We shared Jesus's message of love and brotherhood with people present at the Mass. Also, the bread and wine, the symbol of Jesus's sacrifice to redeem humanity, were distributed among people,\" said Father Kuldeep.Talking about the relevance of the bread and wine, he told TOI that the 'param prasad' was distributed only to those baptized and not the ordinary people. \"People of other communities do not know the relevance and consuming it without knowing its pious relevance would be a disgrace,\" he said, and added that the bread was specially made by the sisters from 'Tapovan', a mission at Digha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753092", "title": "Midnight's Children' to release Feb 1 in India", "text": "Canada-based Indian filmmaker Deepa Mehta's ambitious project \" Midnight's Children\" -- big screen adaptation of Salman Rushdie's Booker prize-winning controversial novel of the same name -- is set to hit Indian screens Feb 1.PVR Pictures is releasing the film here.\"Distributing 'Midnight's Children' is a big honour. Deepa is an exceptionally brave filmmaker and 'Midnight's Children' is a very special gem from her. We are absolutely delighted to announce 1st February 2013 as the India release date,\" Kamal Gianchandani, president, PVR Pictures, said in a statement.The movie features a host of actors such as Anupam Kher , Shabana Azmi , Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Rajat Kapoor, Seema Biswas, Shahana Goswami, Siddharth, Ronit Roy, Rahul Bose , Darsheel Safary and Soha Ali Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17749469", "title": "Labour unrest at Tata Steel plant, 5 shot at", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Five contract labourers of Tata Steel were injured when security guards fired at them during a clash at the gate of Burma Mines on Monday. Twenty security guards were injured as well.According to witnesses, the clash took place after workers were stopped from taking their bicycles from the plant premises. Angry workers threw stones at the guards and torched vehicles parked at the entry gate, prompting the guards to fire in order to disperse them.Besides five workers, a local photo-journalist was severely wounded. Senior superintendent of police Akhilesh Jha said, \"Although the police reached the site to control the situation, the guards fired and injured a few people.\" He said the police were investigating the matter.Regretting the violence, Tata Steel held miscreants responsible. \"They threw stones at the guards, jumped over the gate and tried to vandalize company property. When confronted by the guards they vandalized the vehicles outside the gate and torched them. The guards then fired at them to disperse them,\" said a top Tata Steel executive Sanjiv Paul.The company had started bus service in the plant for contract workers for the past one year and bicycles were barred from entering the plant, Paul said. \"However, at the auction yard gate (Burma Mines gate), this facility was introduced only a week ago and bicycles were prohibited,\" he said. He said victims will be compensated in accordance with the law.The wounded are in hospital. \"The five workers got splinter injuries but are out of danger,\" said doctors attending on them.Former Jharkhand labour minister and MLA Raghuvar Das sought a judicial probe into the violence. Expressing concern over repeated clashes between contract workers and company guards, Das said the district administration is equally responsible for Monday's clash. \"Had the factory inspector and deputy labour commissioner been sincere in their duty, the incident wouldn't have occurred,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17751255", "title": "CCTV surveillance for Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: Panaji city will soon come under electronic surveillance as the corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) has started installing CCTV cameras on trial basis at four different points in the city, keeping in mind security and traffic problems.Sources in CCP said they have started installation of CCTV in the city on a pilot basis. \"We have started CCTV installation at Miramar circle, Church square and Dona Paula circle. We are yet to finalize the fourth point whether it would be Divzam circle or KTC bus stand,\" said sources.A few months ago, CCP held a meeting with the police to identify the installation points for CCTV cameras in the capital city. \"CCP will install CCTV at 28 different locations if the trial run is successful,\" said sources .Panaji traffic police will use the services to crack down on violators by monitoring the footages obtained by the CCTV surveillance system installed at city junctions. \"Monitoring will be done at traffic headquarters,\" said sources.Panaji police station and traffic cell have already given their inputs to the CCTV vendor. This system will also help police during investigations said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17750221", "title": "CPT leases land to CSL for ship repair facility", "text": "KOCHI: The Cochin Port Trust (CPT) has signed a contract to lease 42 acres of land to the Cochin Shipyard Ltd (CSL) for setting up an international ship repair facility at Willingdon Island. The contract was signed by CPT chairman Paul Antony and CSL CMD Cmde K Subramaniam in the presence of Union minister of state for shipping Milind Deora.The ship repair facility is one of the three identified PPP projects by the ministry of shipping for Cochin Port Trust for the year 2012-13.The other two projects are the multi-user liquid terminal project at Puthuvypeen and the general cargo terminal Q8-Q9 at Ernakulam wharf.As per the agreement with CSL, CPT will get upfront premium, the value of assets handed over, the guaranteed revenue quoted by CSL every year for the 30-year lease period, rental for land and water by tariff authority for major ports (TAMP) notified rates from time to time. In addition, 243 employees currently working in the dry dock and the workshop area will be deputed to CSL.The CPT had issued a tender in June 2012 to set up the facility on 42 acres of CPT land. CSL is planning to put up a modern ship-lift system in the above facility at an estimated total cost of Rs 490 crore over a four-year period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17748924", "title": "Virbhadra, wife get clean chit in graft cases", "text": "SHIMLA: A day before being sworn in as chief minister of Himachal Pradesh, Virbhadra Singh and his wife Pratibha Singh were acquitted of all corruption charges by a trial court on Monday, something that is bound to silence his detractors in the Congress who were questioning the legitimacy of his candidature.Singh's counsel Shravan Dogra said that the trial court heard 39 out of the 61 witnesses in the controversial CD case before acquitting Virbhadra and his wife Pratibha Singh.\"Thirty-nine witnesses were produced before the judge and the remaining were dropped by the prosecution. None of the witnesses in the case deposed against Virbhadra or Pratibha Singh,\" said Dogra.Virbhadra and his wife were booked in 2009 on the basis of a controversial audio CD which allegedly contained recordings of a conversation between him, his wife, and a bureaucrat about an illegal financial transaction. Virbhadra had to resign as Union minister after charges were framed against him in June this year - three years after the case was registered.Public prosecutor Jiwan Lal, heading the prosecution team, resigned on December 20 - the day the assembly election results were declared. Earlier, two key prosecution witnesses, Kapil Mohan, owner of Mohan Meakin Breweries, and PC Jain, a retired manager with Gujarat Ambuja, had denied that any illegal money was transacted for obtaining clearance to their industrial projects in 1989-90.The prosecution had held that money was handed over to Virbhadra Singh at Delhi's Himachal Bhawan in 1989 in the presence of Ambuja cement chairman Suresh Neotia for setting up a cement plant in the state.The copies of the recorded conversation were released to the media by Congress leader Vijay Singh Mankotia in Dharamshala in May 2007 in the midst of parliamentary bye-election for the Hamirpur seat in which Prem Kumar Dhumal was the BJP candidate.However, when Mankotia took the witness stand in the trial last month, he told the court that the voice in his opinion appeared to be that of Singh but that he was not sure about it. The prosecution held him to be partially hostile as he had initially categorically said that the voice was Singh's and the conversation took place when he was the chief minister during the 1983-1989.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bareilly (up)", "code": "17753294", "title": "UP: Man sentenced to death for raping, killing minor girl in 2009", "text": "BAREILLY (UP): A sessions court in Bareilly on Tuesday sent a man to gallows for raping and killing a minor Dalit girl three years ago.The seven-year-old girl was raped and killed by Ashok in Bhuta area of the district in May 2009, prosecution said.The accused had buried the body of the girl under hay in Budhauli village.Later the body was recovered and a case was lodged against him.On the basis of evidences on record, Special Judge UC Pandey held Ashok guilty and awarded the sentence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17751541", "title": "Flying squads to monitor schools, colleges", "text": "PUNE: Citizen groups will now form 'flying squads' to monitor schools, colleges and IT companies for any untoward incident. Two groups, Sarhad and Vande Matram, have collaborated to form 10 flying squads comprising both trained men and women, who will be deputed in 20 colleges on a pilot basis. The flying squads will begin work from December 31.Sanjay Nahar, founder, Sarhad, said, \"The flying squad will be trained by ex-servicemen, retired police officials and psychologists on how to take action when any untoward incident occurs, especially against women.\" Flying squad members will keep a watch on people who are involved in eve teasing or any action that will disturb the peaceful college environment, Nahar said.Sachin Jamge of Vande Mataram Sanghtana said, \"Depending on the success of the first phase, we will be launching a similar initiative in schools and IT companies. The aim of the initiative is not to take law in our own hands or create an alternative to the police force, but to support the present mechanism developed by police to maintain law and order in the city.\"The Vande Mataram Sanghatana had undertaken a similar initiative between 1985 and 1987, which Jamge said was highly successful.Training and co-ordination of the members of flying squad will be undertaken by Sarhad while execution will be done by the Vande Mataram Sanghatana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17751621", "title": "Net binds lovebirds: Dahod youth marries Estonian", "text": "VADODARA: A social networking site became quite a serious 'affair' for a man from Dahod. The youth met a woman from far away Estonia over a social networking site, they fell in love and eventually got married on Sunday.Vipul Kansar met Airi Ojamets on a social networking site only in June this year, but plan to live happily ever after. Kansar had bumped into Ojamets quite accidentally on a social networking siteas she was interested in spirituality and Indian culture. \"I spotted her as she was connected to a spiritual guru. I sent her a friend request and we started interacting on the site. We also started speaking over internet telephones and video chatting. Soon we decided to get married and started planning for it,\" Kansar said.Ojamets said that while they had decided to get married, it was only on December 14 that they met at the Delhi airport when she arrived in India for the wedding.But India is not alien to Ojamets, who has visited the country four times in the past and has travelled extensively.\"I have been to Himachal Pradesh , Punjab, Maharashtra, Goa, Rishikesh and other places. But I came for the first time to Gujarat only for the wedding. Being connected to India probably has something to do with my previous life or karma,\" said Ojamets, who is a singer and with her band stages live performances. But convincing their families for the wedding has been a difficult task for both Kansar and Ojamets. Said Kansar, \"My father was against the marriage and when I told my decision to him, he did not speak to me for a month. My mother, however, was supportive and said that she would be happy if the marriage made me happy.\"Kansar said similarly Ojamets' mother also had some objections. \"Her father is no more and she is the only child. Her mother is also concerned, but is understanding things,\" said Kansar adding that he and Ojamets would move for a few years to Estonia as Ojamets has some commitments and financial liabilities to be taken care of. \"We will return as soonas these get over,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17751080", "title": "Two men arrested in Malegaon firing case", "text": "Nashik: The Azad Nagar police have arrested two suspects, Kamarali Sarafali alias Raju and Shaeed Akhtar (25) in connection with the Malegaon firing incident, in which one person was injured. The police have also seized a country made pistol along with two live and two empty rounds. Sunil Kadasne, additional superintendent of police, said that Raju was arrested on Saturday evening, while Akhtar was arrested in the wee hours of Sunday.The two accused were produced before a city court in Malegaon which remanded them in police custody till Wednesday. Meanwhile, a hunt has been launched to trace the remaining suspect in the case.The firing happened on Friday. According to the police, a few hoodlums had indulged in eve-teasing in the Mhalde Shivar area of Malegaon around 9.45 pm. When the girls reported the matter to their parents, Raju and three others rushed to the spot. When one Majid Mohommad tried to calm down the four, they beat him up and even fired a round at him.Raju and the others fled after the incident. The police said that Raju was arrested on Saturday around 8.30 pm, while a trap was laid to nab the others.The police have also seized a country made pistol along with two live and two empty rounds from the suspects arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17749499", "title": "Rape conviction rate in Punjab, Haryana, HP not even 50%", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As general outrage at Delhi gang rape continues to swell, a look at rape cases in the region reveals an abysmally low rate of conviction.In 2011, Punjab, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh had recorded 479, 733 and 168 cases, respectively, of rape. However, according to the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), in no state has the conviction rate touched even 50%.With a population of 68 lakhs and 13,093 cases of cognizable crimes in Himachal Pradesh, 130 out of 168 rape cases are still under trial at the Shimla high court.Haryana, which reported a number of rapes this year, is only marginally better at 21.1%. Notorious for its khap panchayat diktats and frequent police inaction, the state has 578 cases, out of 733 reported, under trial at various courts.Punjab records the lowest conviction rate of 10.8% among the three states. Out of 479 cases reported, 427 are still in trial stage.Experts attribute the low conviction rate to feudalistic mindset, reflected in khaps and echoed by judiciary. Others believe the reason is complete lack of commitment by the police, which often works without any scrutiny from media or courts.\"The high rate of acquittal in rape cases is a cause for serious and immediate introspection and invigilation by the high court of the state concerned. High courts must clearly probe the reasons for such a low rate of conviction by subordinate courts, whether it's poor police investigation, witnesses turning hostile or lack of judicial commitment,\" says Anupam Gupta, senior advocate, Punjab and Haryana high court.Social activists also believe that these long trials and low conviction rate only make women more vulnerable.\"Anti-social elements exploit these loopholes in the system and roam scotfree. In cases of gang rapes, police often name all the accused in the FIR under pressure, but at the time of recording the statement they exonerate those with influential background,\" says Mamata Sharma, chairperson, National Commission for Women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749586", "title": "Govt spanner in port e-way work costing us dear: National Highways Authority of India", "text": "CHENNAI: The National Highways Authority of India has told the Madras high court that \"huge losses\" are being incurred and resources are \"idling\" due to the uncertainty caused by Tamil Nadu's decision to stall work on a 1,800-crore elevated expressway in the city.The Centre-state project, which began in February 2011 and meant to ease container traffic congestion along the 19-km-long Chennai Port-Maduravoyal stretch, hit a roadblock a year later after the AIADMK government objected to a deviation in the alignment. Four months ago, after prolonged discussions with state officials, the NHAI submitted a technical report to the state, justifying the project alignment on a short stretch the Cooum River along Spur Tank Road.On Friday, responding to a public interest litigation in the Madras high court, seeking quick implementation of the project, the NHAI filed a counter-affidavit stating that the resources deployed by the contractor were idling, due to which it was incurring huge losses. \"As per conditions of the agreement, the contractors are eligible to claim compensation for damages due to stoppage of work,\" NHAI said.It was following a request to the Prime Minister by the Tamil Nadu government that work had commenced on the elevated expressway, it pointed out.Only 51% of the land was handed over to the contractor. This was due to non completion of land acquisition process, rehabilitation and resettlement by the state. \"For this delay too, the concessionaire (contractor) is entitled for damages at 50 per 1,000sqm per day until the balance land is handed over. Due to the uncertainty, lenders have suspended release of funds and because of this, work has been held up on section II (between Koyambedu and Maduravoyal) as well.\"Nearly a year after work began on the project, the state PWD had asked NHAI to stop all construction activities along the Cooum River until further orders, as \"piles are driven not in the river banks, but within the river, which is in violation of the condition stipulated in the government order.\"But NHAI officials insist that the alignment was finalised taking into account all aspects of geometry, optimum utilisation of river boundary and minimum acquisition of private land.The width of the river Cooum is not uniform, it varies from 50m to 150m with a lot of curves. In the sections where there is no slum encroachment, no defined river bank is available. The elevated road is designed for speeds of 80/kmph, except at sharp curves, where the designed speed is 65 km/ph. As Cooum River zig-zags through the city, the alignment of the elevated road cannot exactly follow the river bank and needs a smooth alignment as far as possible to ensure free and safe flow of traffic at the designed speed, said the NHAI in its counter-affidavit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17750646", "title": "Couple appeal for help to save son battling cancer", "text": "CUTTACK: Nakul Katta and Nilendri's joy knew no bounds when they were blessed with a son after seven years of marriage. But life played a cruel joke on the couple when their eight-year-old was diagnosed with blood cancer. The boy, Saroj, has been battling cancer for the past eight months at Acharya Harihar Regional Cancer Centre here.Nakul, who works as a labourer in Khariar, is having a tough time arranging money to meet the expenses of his son's treatment. \"I earn only enough to sustain my family and the added expenses have made life difficult,\" said Nakul. He has already spent Rs 80,000 on Saroj's treatment through loans and donations. \"Now, I even don't even have money to buy medicines,\" laments the father.Saroj is undergoing chemotherapy sessions at the centre. Being in the early stage, doctors said the disease is curable. However, he is required to stay at the centre for a long period and the cost of the treatment would run into thousands of rupees.Nakul is leading a life of penury having sold his property and invested all his earnings on Saroj's treatment. The mother choked as she urged people to extend help to save their only son. \"We need financial help to save our son from the clutches of cancer,\" appealed Nilendri. People interested to help Saroj can call on this number 9438055139.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17750141", "title": "Curfew reimposed in 3 Manipur dists as agitators clash with police", "text": "IMPHAL: Protesters clashed with police in Imphal on Monday even as the bandh against the molestation of a Manipuri film actress by an NSCN (IM) militant has been suspended because of Christmas.The death of a TV cameraman, Thangjam Dwijamani, in police firing on Sunday in Imphal also fuelled the protestors' ire forcing re-imposition of curfew in Imphal West, East and Thoubal districts during the day till 6 am on Tuesday.At least two vehicles \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a bus and a scooter \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were burnt down by the agitators in different parts of the capital city. The bus, which was supposed to carry a group of people for Christmas, was torched at Thangmeiband, close to late Dwijamani's residence, while the scooter was set ablaze in the Tharoijam area.The Film Forum Manipur (FFM), All Manipur Shumang Leela Council and various other civil bodies, which imposed the indefinite bandh from Friday midnight, relaxed the stir from Sunday midnight till Wednesday midnight in view of Christmas.Despite this, the agitators stormed Khwairamband bazaar in the morning and forced traders to close their shops giving a big blow to Christmas shoppers.Self-styled \"lt-col\" of NSCN Livingstone Anal allegedly molested and bashed up film actress Khangembam Momoco during a musical concert in Chandel on Tuesday night. He also fired at two actors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Guna Shrama and Soraisem Prakash \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who tried to stop him though they escaped unhurt.Though chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh urged Union home minister Sushil Kumar Sindhe to take action against Livingstone, the senior NSCN (IM) cadre is yet to be traced by security forces.On the other hand, a large number of Manipuri film artistes accused FFM and other leaders for relaxing the bandh without taking their consent. They, along with local civil bodies of the Ghari area, also set up a Joint Action Committee (JAC) against the Chandel incident.\"We will continue to impose the bandh until and unless Livingstone is arrested and punished,\" said JAC leader N Milan, even as police picked up around seven agitators from Imphal city. While the protestors attacked the cops with stones and catapults, police fired tear-gas shells and rubber bullets.The state government has already suspended an assistant sub-inspector and disengaged eight Village Defence Force (VDF) personnel in connection with Dwijamani's killing.The state government has declared the molester Naga rebel leader as wanted and announced a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh for his arrest.Meanwhile the United Naga Council has called a 72-hour bandh in Naga areas of Manipur in protest against the \"communal\" nature of the protest in the valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17749187", "title": "Bokaro Club New Year bash begins", "text": "BOKARO: The New Year bash kicked off with Spandan-2012 at Bokaro Club here on Monday. The seven-day celebration is set to rock the city with a series of musical events by prominent artists including Bollywood playback singer Vinod Rathore among others.The club will welcome the New Year with a grand celebration including various themes and parties. The first day witnessed 'maha housie' and 'fantastic snowball' under an event called Bingo.These events are organized exclusively for thousands of executives working with Steel Authourity of India Limited ( SAIL ) besides businessmen, engineers, traders, doctors and others in the town. General secretary of Bokaro Club Limited, Harsh Nigam said the management has decided to celebrate New Year eve for a week.Elaborating on the plan, Nigam said they are hosting a cultural week for the residents by organizing Spandan-2012.Other programmes include Grand Christmas Carnival today along with DJ night by a band from Kolkata. Besides, Santa Claus will bring lots of gifts for the residents. Food fest, ladies fashion show and antakshari which is organized specially to woo women members will be the main highlights of Wednesday evening.Thursday will make residents dance to the tunes of the sensational rock band Allianz. Belly dance will also be performed. Friday will witness a musical night and performance by famous artists Ram Krishna and Sona. Old and new melodies will be sung.Director of the club, Pankaj Lata said to make the last three New Year nights memorable, the club is all set to present 'grand musical hungama' on Saturday with renowned Bollywood playback singer, Vinod Rathore and a dance troupe to rock the evening.Sunday will be dedicated completely to children as the club will organize Children's Day Out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749539", "title": "'Take eve-teasing seriously to avert rape, molestation'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior member of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights, Yogesh Dube on Monday supported death penalty for those raping a minor. \"The demand for most stringent punishment for rapists is valid,\" he told TOI. Dube stated that rapes occur only because the law enforcing agencies tend to take eve-teasing lightly. \"If cases of eve teasing could be checked, incidents of molestation and rape would automatically come down,\" he said. He also stressed on the need for providing social security and adequate counselling to the victim, so that she is able to cope up with the social stigma that tends to push her onto the receiving end.He said that the gap lies in a weak intelligence mechanism. \"Those working in local intelligence units still rely on age-old methods, while the criminals have taken a giant technological leap. The system needs to be revamped,\" he told reporters.Dube was in Lucknow to meet senior officials in the state labour department. He said that the UP has failed to check child labour. \"Their seriousness could be gauged from the fact that they have not even conducted the child labour survey, which is a must for all the state governments. The head count would help in preparing the road map for rescuing children losing their childhood,\" Dube said. Seriousness of the government towards child labour could be estimated from the fact that just 200 children have been rescued by them. Later, principal secretary (labour), Shailesh Krishna assured government action on the issue of child and migrant labour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750737", "title": "Govt body to aid rape victims remains idle", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government's board for offering financial help to rape victims has been struggling to function since it was formed in July, 2011. The State Criminal Injuries Relief and Rehabilitation Board, which has a provision to offer compensation of Rs 2 lakh to a rape victim, has met only once so far in August.The district boards (district level branches of the state board) are supposed to disburse Rs 20,000 as interim relief to a victim within two weeks of application if convinced that a prima facie case is made on the basis of an allegation. Victims are required to apply for compensation within 60 days of rape.Sources said the board was supposed to function under central assistance. The Union women and child development (WCD) department had formulated guidelines on 'financial assistance and support services to victims of rape: A scheme for restorative justice' in 2010, requiring the states to form such boards. However, the Union government did not offer any aid. \"After forming the board and its district level branches when the state government approached the Centre, the Union WCD department told the state not to go ahead with the scheme and wait till approval during the sixth five year plan,\" a senior state government officer said.But since the state had already notified the board and its district-level units, the state WCD department asked the state finance department to make budgetary allocation for the scheme. The proposal is still under consideration of the finance department, sources said.WCD secretary Arti Ahuja, who is chairperson of the board, conceded funding problems and said the state is exploring resources for the scheme at its level. \"It was supposed to be a central scheme. But since the Union government did not release any money, we are exploring state resources. For the time being, we have asked district collectors to provide assistance to the victims under the Red Cross fund,\" said WCD secretary Arti Ahuja.District collectors are chairpersons of the district branches of the board and the disbursal authorities of the financial aid. \"We have already released some assistance to victims,\" Ahuja said.The 11-member state board, under the WCD secretary, monitors functioning of district boards, entrusted along with implementation of financial aid to provide support services such as counseling, medical help, education and vocational training to rape victims.The state board has the power to inquire suo motu or on a petition filed by rape victims into any complaint alleging rape or into complaints pertaining to the scheme, the state board notification said. According to sources, 1,112 alleged rape cases were reported in the state in 2011, up from 1025 in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "17750669", "title": "Disaster response force in offing", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat State Disaster Management Authority (GSDMA), which was set up a decade ago by the state government to handle natural calamities, plans to raise a state disaster response force (SDRF) by January 2013.The SDRF would be trained in carrying out rescue and relief operations during natural calamities by the National Disaster Response Force. At least 1100 people would be enlisted in the proposed SDRF from various companies of State Reserve Police. They would be trained in batches of 50 by the NDRF's no 6 battalion. This was agreed in principle in a discussion held between GSDMA chief executive officer Dr R Banerjee and National Disaster Management Authority ( NDMA) member K M Singh. The plan would be finalized at a meeting to be held later, to be also attended by state's chief secretary and director general of police, sources said.Of the 10 NDRF battalions in different states of the country, no 6 Bn is stationed at CRPF campus, Gandhinagar. The 1149 strong battalion has 18 search and rescue teams. It has modern search and rescue equipment - canine squad, engineers and para-medical staff. tnnAt least 35 of the trained SDRF men will be subsequently posted at Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited's Kakrapar Atomic Power Station (KAPS). The infrastructure and equipment for the SDRF men to be posted at Kakrapar would be made available by the NPCIL, the sources said.Meanwhile, at least four companies of no 6 NDRF battalion have shifted to NDRF's permanent camp site coming up on an 80 acre piece of land in Vadodara. The land was acquired by the NDRF in 2007. It has set up a few barracks on this campus. However, at least one company of NDRF would continue to be stationed at Gandhinagar. The NDRF would seek at least four acres of land from the state government for this NDRF company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750753", "title": "Former cop surrenders in Sadiq Jamal fake encounter case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An accused in the Sadiq Jamal fake encounter case, retired DySP I A Saiyed surrendered before the CBI court on Monday morning. Additional chief judicial magistrate H S Khutwad sent the retired cop to jail.Saiyed was posted as a police inspector with the DCB crime during the time of the encounter early in 2003. He was later transferred to the CID (crime).Saiyed told the court in an application that he could not appear before the CBI on December 21due to ill health. He also said that he appeared before the court because he heard that the CBI had arrested five cops last week and were produced before the court.With Saiyed's surrender, retired DySP K M Vaghela remained the only cop to be arrested in this case. The CBI has obtained a warrant against him. Vaghela was posted with the State Human Rights Commission and awarded a police medal for meritorious service on Independence Day in 2009.Earlier, the probe agency arrested Mumbai journalist Ketan Tirodkar on charges of murder, criminal conspiracy, illegal detention, abduction and abetment. However, CBI has not filed a chargesheet against him. He is the only person who has been bailed out in this case.Those chargesheeted in this case are suspended DySP Tarun Barot, J G Parmar, G H Gohil, R L Mavani, Chhatrasinh Chudasama and Ajaypal Yadav along with Saiyed and Vaghela.Sadiq was gunned down near Galaxy Cinema in Naroda on January 13, 2003, where the crime branch sleuths were already waiting for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749365", "title": "Early probe points to truck driver's fault", "text": "PUNE: A primary investigation has termed human error as the cause for the accident on the expressway on Sunday night which claimed the lives of Marathi actors Anand Abhyankar, Akshay Pendse and Pendse's son.\"The truck driver must have fallen asleep. Besides, he was at a high speed. In such a condition, the vehicle may lose control if the steering is moved slightly,\" said an official of the agency appointed by the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) to examine the cause of the accident. The agency team visited the accident spot near Baur village on Monday morning. It will submit its report to the MSRDC.Human fault has always been the major cause of accidents on the Pune-Mumbai expressway. An official of IRB, an infrastructure company which maintains the expressway, said the spot is not accident-prone. Senior highway officials also said that more than 80% of mishaps, particularly on the expressway, have occurred because of human errors. Overspeeding and lane cutting at high speed being the major causes.Satish Walunjkar of the IRB patrolling team, who was the first to reach the spot, said, \"The truck was in the extreme right lane. It first dashed against the steel barricade, crossed the median, and came on to the Pune-Mumbai corridor. The WagonR was in the slow lane which is adjacent to the service road. The truck hit the car on its right side at a high speed. The driver of the car must have found himself helpless. If the median barricades were not there, the truck would have hit the car at a higher speed.\" Walunjkar said that another reason for the truck driver to spped was the fact that it was empty. \"The driver must have delivered goods in Mumbai and was returning to Pune. There is a possibility that he may not have had adequate rest and therefore felt sleepy.\"An MSRDC official said there was no reason for the truck driver to move right. \"This stretch of the highway near Baur is a straight road. The driver may have fallen asleep. The accident could not have occurred due to any road design fault,\" he said.Are crash barricades strong enough?The crash barricades installed on the Mumbai-Pune expressway do not seem strong enough to prevent overspeeding vehicles from crossing over to the opposite side.Highway police inspector N P Pandole said they are not strong enough. \"If they were strong enough, the truck would have hit the barricade and stopped. The persons travelling in the car were not at fault as they were moving safely in the left lane,\" said Pandole. If vehicles on the expressway move at a speed of 110 kmph and above, the crash barricades may not be able to withstand the impact in case of a crash, he added.A senior MSRDC official said the crash barricades have been installed as per the Indian Road Congress (IRC) norms. \"They help reduce the impact of the crash and are not meant for preventing vehicles coming on to the opposite corridor. The median is seven meters wide with plantation in between. Such a wide median does not exist on other highways. The truck driver crashed on to the barricade, crossed the seven meter wide median and sped on to the opposite corridor,\" said the official.The official accepted there is no continuous barricading along the median. \"The crash barricades have been put up only at places where they are necessary,\" he said.Chandmal Parmar, a road safety activist and one of the members of a sub-group which submitted its report to the Union government about road safety awareness, said that even if the crash barricades are as per IRC norms, it is necessary that stronger barricades be put up to prevent overspeeding vehicles from jumping onto the opposite lanes. He said that preventive measures are necessary and that there is an urgent need to keep a check on overspeeding. Parmar suggested speed rumblers be put up at places on the expressway.20 people died in similar accidents this yearAs many as 20 people have lost their lives this year on the Mumbai-Pune expressway stretch between Amrutanjan bridge and Kiwale (the Pune end of the expressway) because of overspeeding vehicles crossing the median and hitting vehicles in the opposite direction. Highway police officials said 65 people were seriously injured. At several places, the MSRDC has plugged the illegal median punctures from where vehicles crossed on from one corridor to the other. At some places, where the median punctures exist, the MSRDC has put up warning boards stating that they are for emergency situations and have to be used judiciously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17749319", "title": "'Let us promote religious tolerance'", "text": "The celebration of Christmas has become a noteworthy annual feature of our multi-religious and multicultural society. Indeed, the commemoration of the birth of Jesus is not limited to the Christian community. Christians believe that Jesus was born for the salvation of mankind. His life, message, values have a universal appeal. He laid down His life for the eternal happiness of mankind. Jesus steadfastly proclaimed the message of truth, love, justice, and peace without which it is impossible to live an orderly, meaningful, authentic and happy human life.In our pluralistic society religious tolerance is the foundation of stability, unity, progress and prosperity. We are mesmerized by progress in science, technology, medicine, economy and knowledge. But unless people of different religions live in peace and harmony and mutual respect and co-operation, all our hopes and aspirations will be futile and all our wonderful achievements will be fruitless.Discrimination, fundamentalism, fanaticism, hate and terrorism have brought about deep divisions, suspicions, distrust and fear among people. Religious intolerance obstructs and negates the dynamics of progress and development. Theories of clash of civilizations have been proposed because of the growing intolerance and violence.Unfortunately, the diabolical spirit of intolerance is entering into other areas and sectors of life. The recent barbaric assault on an innocent, young and promising medical student in Delhi is a heart-rending manifestation of intolerance of other fellow humans, particularly women.Christ's message of truth, love and justice demands that all human beings should live their lives in freedom and dignity. Peace is not possible without respect for people's basic rights, in particular, the right to live freely according to their conscience and according to their religious convictions and beliefs. Therefore, the tendencies and attempts to restrict and curtail religious rights and practices is a gross denial of the truth of human life and a denial of justice, without which peace cannot be attained. Jesus promoted freedom and liberty of the children of God as a foundation in society. Let people live according to their faith and traditions.As we commemorate the birth of Jesus and celebrate the festival of Christmas, let us resolve to promote the spirit of tolerance, particularly religious tolerance, for a liberated and a well-ordered society.I wish you all a Merry Christmas !- Thomas Dabre, Bishop of Poona", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17751313", "title": "Morjim cleared of illegal beach beds", "text": "PANAJI: The tourism department on Monday cracked the whip on illegal deck beds at Morjim beach, seizing three truckloads of beach beds, chairs, umbrellas and hoardings.The raid by department officials with the help of a police team followed the STOI report on December 23, 'Morjim beach beds keep turtles away'. The beach, a premier turtle-nesting site, had been swamped by over 300 deck beds over the last weekend.While a report about the raid is being compiled, the department will send notices to the shack owners shortly. Those found violating directives (of the new shack policy) will face strict action. \"The shack owners will forfeit their security deposits (Rs 10,000 each),\" said tourism director Nikhil Desai.The department is also contemplating \"harsh action\" against the shack owners. \"The department will consider a proposal to prohibit them from re-applying for shack licences next year,\" said Desai.Officials said a vigil on illegal activities will continue. Last month, the department removed illegal deck beds on Arambol beach.\"Unfortunately, people expect to be regulated by laws and authorities instead of self-regulation. This is highly irresponsible,\" said Desai. Environmentalists and turtle activists point out that the problem on beaches aggravates on weekends when the flow of tourists, especially to Morjim, increases.Desai told TOI it is a difficult proposition to monitor the entire 105-km coastline of the state with a manpower of just 150 personnel.The number of turtle-nestings at Morjim and Mandrem beaches in North Goa has shown a decline this season. Only two nestings were reported, and in one case hatchlings emerged recently at Mandrem.Monday's raid was conducted by assistant tourist officers Narendra Shirodkar and Rajesh Kale, PSI Sarvesh Bhandari of the tourist police, other officials and 30 labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17751380", "title": "Traffic snarls a perennial problem in Purnia, Kishanganj", "text": "PURNIA: It is simply providence that major accidents do not occur on a daily basis on the main thoroughfares in the towns of Purnia and Kishanganj.The way motorbike-borne yuppies jostle through the snarled traffic points at breakneck speed, it is only their sheer luck that they escape accidents on busy roads. Traffic norms are breached with impunity by one and all, be it auto-rickshaw drivers, bike riders, cyclists and, say, even the rickshaw-pullers. The authorities only draw blinkers, as if they have absolutely no obligation towards enforcing traffic rules on roads in Purnia and Kishanganj.Traffic snarls and bottlenecks are a poignant and perennial headache. The chock-a-bloc congestions at Line Bazar, Khuskibagh in Purnia, and Caltext Chowk and Dharmganj round-about in Kishanganj bring road traffic to a grinding halt.The car drivers and even scooterists rue their fate, and wring their hands in despair. \"What is the way-out, anyway,\" grins car-owner Abhishek Sharat in Purnia.\"The number of two-wheelers and car is going exponentially year after year, but the size and breadth of roads remain the same. Add to this, flagrant encroachments and unscientific and haphazard parking of two wheelers in front of the shops and others further exacerbate the people and hinder flow of vehicles,\" tells Radheshyam Bhakta in Kishanganj.Incredibly enough, there are no less than six thousand auto-rickshaws in Purnia, driven mostly by young persons below the age of 20.The cut-throat competition in picking up roadside passengers results in reckless driving and dangerous overtaking which add to the risk factors on the bumpy and broken roads.More than half the auto-rickshaw drivers are unlicensed, and one takes to auto-driving when other jobs do not come to them easily.If auto-rickshaws are a big road menace in Purnia, the 'jugars' (motorized tempos), which expressly breach the Motor Vehicle Act further, add to chaotic traffic in the congested and narrow lanes and by-lanes in Kishanganj town.Kishanganj superintendent of police (SP ) Manoj Kumar told newsmen recently that the entry of 'jugars' which violated the provisions of Motor Vehicle Act, were banned in the town. But, the ban is observed more in breach: 'juguars' enter the precincts of the town with aplomb and impunity.Similarly, one-way traffic on main arteries like Dharmashala Road and Mahavir Marg in Kishanganj is seldom adhered to.One comes across only two traffic constable, rather permanently in Purnia--- at RN Shaw round-about before the collectorate and Girija Chowk.No such arrangement is in place in Kishanganj. If ever traffic constables are posted in Kishanganj, they appear more interested in fleecing the truckers and others.The authorities held a series of meetings in the past few months ago to regularize traffic and overcome the festering traffic jams at Gulabbagh and Line Bazar in Purnia town. But, the traffic scenario remains disgustingly unchanged.Purnia additional SP Dipak Burnwal, talking to TOI on Friday, said new traffic modalities would soon be in place, and the problem would be adequately addressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749583", "title": "Union minister visits acid attack victim, promises action", "text": "CHENNAI: Vinodhini, who was blinded last month in an acid attack, has urged Union minister of state V Narayanaswami to take severe action against the accused. She also urged the minister, who spent more than half-an-hour at her hospital bedside on Sunday, to take steps to prevent recurrence of such incidents.On November 14, the 23-year-old engineering graduate who was working in a private company in Chennai, was attacked by a stalker who threw acid on her face. Appu alias Suresh Kumar , 32, from Karaikal, whose overtures the girl had earlier rejected, was arrested the next day.Vinodhini's uncle Ramesh, said the minister had promised to highlight the issue in Parliament. \"He agreed that nothing short of capital punishment would act as deterrent in such cases, he also promised assistance for the cost of her treatment and a government job to Vinodhini.\"A doctor at the hospital where Vinodhini is being treated said she was recovering.All India Democratic Women's Association secretary U Vasuki said, \"Rehabilitation of such victims is of paramount importance and the government should provide for their welfare.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750699", "title": "Check routes before you venture out", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Check the roads before you venture out for the next two days if you don't want to get caught in traffic jams. The roads leading to Kankaria Carnival and Sardar Patel Stadium in Navrangpura will have heavy police bandobast and diversions for those who are not going for the specified events.Dinesh Parmar, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), told TOI that the roads leading to Kankaria lake will be closed for the vehicular traffic to provide more pedestrian movements. \"The parking has been made available and roads will be barricaded to ease the VIP movement around the Sardar Patel stadium on December 26. The passes have been colour-coded so as to guide the vehicle riders where to go. The citizens can also take help of the traffic police on duty,\" he said.The city police have chalked out plans to ensure law and order situation at Kankaria lakefront. SG Bhati, additional commissioner of police, Sector II, said that a total force of 1600 policemen including three DCP, eight ACP, 30 police inspectors, 90 police sub-inspectors and 1000 constables will be deployed for the entire period of the carnival in two shifts. The entire premise has been covered under CCTV cameras and three makeshift control rooms have also been put up for monitoring. Likewise, chowkies have been erected in the premises where the citizens can approach police,\" he said.For the swearing-in ceremony, more than 2,000 policemen with three companies of State Reserve Police (SRP) will be deployed inside and outside the venue. \"All the visitors will have to go through metal detection doorframe and manual checking. Moreover, CCTV cameras will keep an eye on spectators. We have kept Quick Response Teams (QRTs) and bomb detection and disposal squads (BDDS) ready near the venues to rush at a single instruction,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "buxar", "code": "17751420", "title": "Non-payment of salaries irks primary teachers", "text": "BUXAR: Great resentment prevails among altogether 416 promoted primary teachers of the district over the nonpayment of their salary since last three months.Over 200 promoted teachers on Saturday gathered at Buniyadi School's premises here to protest against alleged illegal order to stop the salary of promoted teachers of the district by the Buxar district magistrate.They also took out a protest march which converged at the office of district education officer. Earlier, agitated teachers had demonstrated before collectorate on Thursday and met Buxar DM Vinod Singh Gunjiyal for their payment. Treasury officer, Buxar, had returned the bills submitted by several newly-promoted teachers on the verbal order of the DM and also noted it on the bills.\"During the meeting, the DM could not clarify the reason for stopping the salary of teachers. He only assured the delegation that payment issue will be sorted out within a week,\" said Vedpal Singh and Akhilesh Choubey, president and vice president of Bihar State Primary Teachers' Association, Buxar unit.Altogether 429 primary teachers of the district were given promotion in graduate arts and science teacher after a gap of 32 years by a five-member promotion committee constituted by the education department here.According to education department sources, 12 of them have refused to take promotion and one teacher is yet to join their place of posting.Meanwhile, the DM has constituted an inquiry committee in connection with alleged irregularities in promotion and posting of the teachers after a complaint made by one Sunil Yadav, ex-member of district board.Shyam Narayan Ram, convenor of Promoted Teachers Sangharsh Sangh said, none of the promoted teacher is aggrieved with promotion or posting then what is the need of probe? He alleged some handful people including some leaders in connivance with an officer, who are in the habit of opposing any promotion of teachers have hatched a conspiracy to get the promotion cancelled.District education officer Aasish Ranjan said postings after promotion of all promoted teachers were made under department rules and regulations in a transparent way by the promotion committee as per their seniority and given options of the schools. Buxar DM said, \"I have called promoted teachers as well as the DEO on December 26 with compliance report for payment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749668", "title": "Councilors meets, CM over JMC CEO fiasco but return unhappy", "text": "JAIPUR: The Congress councilors have shown disappointment with their own chief minister for not taking action against the JMC chief executive officer Jagroop Yadav for allegedly misbehaving and abusing them in his office.Councilors claimed on Monday when they reached chief minister's residence during public hearing, cold response was given by chief minster Ashok Gehlot . Moreover, chief minister walked out in middle without paying heed to their plea. Afterwards, the councilors have to wait for approximately two hours to meet him again.It is reported, councilor Kiran Gupta cried when she was forced to leave the lawn in chief minister's residence where the councilors were sitting and waiting to meet him.\"Without fulfilling our demand the chief minister has insisted that we should join the office. Also, we were not staging a dharna. We were waiting for him to come again. Now, he has assured that action will be taken once committee will submit its report,\" said Sunita Mahawar, a Congress councilor.Sources in the department claimed, while explaining the councilors the CM has said even he is transferred, the CEO can approach the court and obtain stay orders if anything unlawful against him has been done. The chief minister has also shown annoyance for councilors not going to the JMC even after the probe has started.Since October 26, Congress, independent and nominated councillors are running from pillar to post demanding action against the CEO over the issue. The Councillors have already submitted their resignation to the chief minister. Also, the councilors have even boycotted the general body meeting (GBM) and met chief secretary C S Mathew and PCC chief Chandrabhan.The councillors presented a memorandum and a video CD prepared from a CCTV footage exhibiting the CEO's alleged misbehavior.It must be mentioned that during heated argument, the CEO had allegedly misbehaved with Archana Sharma, councillor of ward number 41, and her husband and asked them to leave the office. The CEO also lost his temper and used abusive words since the councillors were forcing him to sanction development work in their wards.Another Congres councilor said, \"Since long our demand was unheard. The officials at the JMC continue to misbehave with the ward councillors and despite being part of the ruling party; the high command is letting this happen. If the chief minister cannot take action against the CEO, he should accept our resignation and send it to the district collector for approval.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "17749806", "title": "CM avoids faction feud issue in district meet", "text": "DURGAPUR: Mamata Banerjee , though, expressed concern at the slackened development in the Asansol-Durgapur belt in the December 22 meet, but chose to gloss over hooligan trade unionism plaguing Durgapur factories, much to the chagrin of industrial leaders.Upset at the recent spate of faction feuds across party ranks, the chief minister had dropped hints to bridge differences prior to the panchayat polls. Thus rumours had been doing rounds that Mamata had convened the meeting with Trinamool leaders of Burdwan to discuss the recent clash at Durgapur's Jai Balaji Industries and take steps towards restoring the town's image as a flourishing industrial hub.Hardly a week ago, the GM (electrical) of Jai Balaji Industries was allegedly thrashed by Trinamool Congress trade union leader Asish Pramanik and his supporters in Bidhannagar. More recently, a section of Inttuc-backed supporters on Friday gheraoed a contractor at Durgapur Steel Plant, demanding employment of more workers affiliated to the union.The day also saw staffers of The Mission Hospital, backed by Inttuc, stage a dharna, threatening ceasework from January. But the district Inttuc president Prabhat Chatterjee said that the agitators were not affiliated to Trinamool.However, Pramanik - the main accused in the GM assault case - claimed that he has been recognized by Pradip Banerjee and Subrata Mukherjee.The CM, on the other hand, bypassed the embarrassing issue on Saturday. Instead, she hauled up the Asansol Municipal Corporation mayor Tapas Banerjee and Kulti Municipality chairman Ujjwal Chatterjee for no development work in their respective areas. Both Banerjee and Chatterjee are Trinamool MLAs.This apart, the minister of science and technology, Rabiranjan Chattopadhyay was instructed to concentrate on his ministerial job. Mamata made it clear that the party's day to day work will be looked after by Asansol North MLA and agricultural minister Moloy Ghatak. But, it was already known fact that the CM was not happy with both Tapas Banerjee and dropped him as chairman of ADDA and clipped wings of Chattopadhayay by taking the technical education portfolio from him.But the truth is, be it DSP or ECL's Khottadih colliery, each of the institutions has a number of Inttuc units and differences among them had led to the disputes. For instance, three Trinamool trade unions are active in Graphite India . While one is patronized by Dola Sen, the other two are backed by Shobhandeb Chattopadhyay and Pradip Banerjee.Fed up with regular intra-party tussles, the management has therefore requested the commerce and industry minister Partha Chatterjee to settle the disputes.Interestingly, Pramanik is also the joint secretary of an Inttuc unit in Graphite India. While Tapan Das, vice president of contractor union, claimed that they were given affiliation by Sen, Dilip Dhibar, owing allegiance to Chattopadhay, said that he and Prabhat Chatterjee were working together at present.It is this militant trade unionism that is stalling several factories from recruiting workers, though they are in dire need of contractor labourers. Also, a Trinamool faction was allegedly behind the stopping of work for the six-laning of NH-2 near Panagarh.but in fear of fresh trouble with these various factions fear to recruit right now and facing problems. The faction of trinamul congress has also started agitation for the new by pass work of six laning of national highway 2 of NHAI in Panagarh. They are demanding that all raw materails and other equipments should be taken from the syndicate.Asansol MP Bansa Gopal Choudhury said that many industries have come up in and around Durgapur during the Left Front regime thus making Asansol-Durgapur region the largest industrial hub in the state. But due to the spate of hooligan trade unionism and faction fights, investors will soon fear to come to this belt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17750770", "title": "Traffic curbs for the big match", "text": "BANGALORE: M Chinnaswamy stadium and the area around it have turned into a fortress of sorts for Tuesday's India-Pakistan T-20 match.Besides a huge posse of police and reserve police personnel deployed for duty, an elaborate set of dos and don'ts has been prescribed for cricket fans heading for the match as well as motorists using the roads adjoining the stadium.Traffic movement on Queen's Road from CTO Circle side has been banned from 11 am to midnight. Parking facilities have been arranged at Shivajinagar BMTC bus stand and Kanteerava Stadium.Four deputy commissioners of police are personally manning the security arrangements. About 90 inspectors , 270 sub inspectors, 240 assistant sub inspectors, 1,750 constables , 12 platoons of Karnataka State Reserve Police and ten companies of City Reserved Army have been deployed in and around the stadium.Deputy CM and home minister R Ashoka met top police brass at Vidhana Soudha on Monday night to review the security situation.Stadium to open at 2pmAll gates of the stadium for the high-adrenalin match will be opened for fans at 2pm, five hours before the event. There will be a three-tier security check in place. Cricket fans have been advised to co-operate with the security arrangements and told not to carry any materials like camera or crackers with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur/chandrapur", "code": "17751139", "title": "CBI raids four coal officers' home, office", "text": "NAGPUR/CHANDRAPUR: Anti-corruption wing of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Monday carried out raids on the offices and residences of three senior WCL officers and an officer of South Eastern Coalfields Limited (SECL) in connection with coal quality scam, estimated around Rs84 crores, unearthed in Mungoli opencast mine under Wani area of WCL.Around seven different places in Nagpur, Chhattisgarh and Chandrapur were searched. The searches were being carried out on the office and residences of chief general manager (CGM), Wani area, RP Sanodiya, sub-area manager of Bhatadi mine in Chandrapur area, Deepak Pandya, mines manager in Wani North area head office, K Bhaskar and sub-area manager, Barud in SECL Raigarh area, Mohammad Shabir. Three accused apart from CGM Sanodiya were also connected to Mungoli mine before being transferred to their present posts.CBI sources informed that joint team of CBI, WCL vigilance department and Indian Bureau of Mines had carried out surprise quality inspection in Mungoli opencast mine between July 27 and 30. A total of 20 samples from different places in the coal stock of the mine was gathered and sent to lab for quality test.\"The sample turned out to be of inferior quality as compared to that claimed by the mine authorities. Then sub-area manager Pandya, mine managers Shabir and Bhaskar of Mungoli along with CGM Sanodiya allegedly played key role in coal quality scam. Offence under relevant sections of law was registered against these four officers on November 14 and search operations were launched at their residences and offices in the morning following the FIR,\" said a CBI officer involved in the raids. He added that the loss to WCL for the substandard coal has been pegged at Rs84 crores.CBI teams led by police inspectors KK Singh, Pradeep Lande, Hemant Kharabe, Hanumant Jangid, Vinod Kumar, sub-inspector Tarun Sinha simultaneously raided the office and residence of CGM Sanodiya in Urjagram, Pandya in Bhatadi and Bhaskar in Wani North area in the morning. A CBI team raided the office and residence of Shabir in Barud sub-area of SECL at Raigarh in Chhattisgarh. Shabir's Nagpur-based residence was also searched. Bhaskar's residence at Sonegaon in city was also raided.\"We are looking for incriminating documents related coal quality scam in Mungoli apart from disproportionate assets including cash and jewellery,\" he said. Details of material recovered during the search operation could not be learnt. It was also unclear that whether CBI is going to arrest these officers or wait further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur/delhi", "code": "17748456", "title": "Cops begin to pay the price for anger over rape", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR/DELHI: The national outrage over the gang-rape of a girl in a moving bus in Delhi has begun to claim its first victims among the police, with public anger being so great that state governments have been forced to take action against cops seen as being callous or negligent in their handling of rape cases.In Delhi, two assistant commissioners of police (ACPs) were suspended on Monday. The ACPs had been in charge of the Capital's police control room and traffic. And on Saturday, three constables from the Hauz Khas police station were suspended for not acting on a complaint of robbery. The complainant had been robbed by the same men who went on to gang-rape the 23-year-old physiotherapy student.The suspensions were all ordered after crowds of protesters began to assemble at Raisina Hill and India Gate, demanding justice for the victim.In Rajasthan, also in a span of three days, the government has either suspended, removed, or sent to police lines six police officials accused of being negligent in their handling of two separate cases. Local residents say it was mounting public anger that finally forced the government to crack down on the cops.In Alwar, the administration on Monday suspended a sub-inspector and three constables, while their station in-charge was sent to police lines following the rape of a six-year-old girl. And in Hanumangarh, the superintendent of police was removed from his post on Saturday following the gang-rape of a 10-year-old girl. The police did finally arrest all the six accused - but only after local residents protested for a full three days.In the Alwar case, TOI had reported how the police had at first shown complete indifference to the complaint filed by the victim's parents. No case was registered for three days after the incident until the six-year-old victim's parents finally took up the matter with the superintendent of police, Umesh Chandra Dutta.On Sunday, union minister of state for sports and youth affairs Bhanwar Jitendra Singh , who is also the MP from Alwar, called on the victim's family and instructed police to speed up their investigation. The girl had allegedly been raped by her family's landlord after being lured with chocolate into an abandoned house on December 17. \"The family told me the police did not register an FIR and instead threatened the family. They tried to pressurise the family into saying the two parties had had a dispute and that there had been no rape. It is a very serious issue,\" Singh told reporters.SP Dutta said, \"It was found that sub-inspector Anita Meena, head constable Mohan Singh , constable Amar Singh , and constable Badri Prasad, along with their station in-charge Ganpat Meena, were callous in their handing of the case. Therefore, three of them have been suspended and their station in-charge sent to police lines.\"He added, \"It was also found that the role played by deputy superintendent of police (south) Ashok Meena was not up to the mark. Therefore, we have recommended action be taken against him as well.\"Earlier on Saturday, the government had removed the Hanumangarh superintendent of police, Dr Ravi, from his post following the gang-rape of a 10-year-old girl on December 14. That had triggered an outburst of anger, with people protesting against the authorities. It was only after that that the police sprung into action, finally arresting all six accused a week after the incident. According to the child's family, she had sustained serious injuries in the attack on her and has been drifting in and out of consciousness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17751032", "title": "Kuldeep Kumar Pandey hogs limelight in Coastal National Sailing Championship", "text": "MUMBAI: With a top two finish in the two of the three races held on Monday, Kuldeep Kumar Pandey overtook his compatriot Dharmender Singh in the overall point's tally of the Standard Laser Class during the Coastal National Sailing Championship at the Festival of Sails held at the South of Oyster Rock, Colaba, on Monday.Leader Dharmender Singh had a mixed day, as he finished a lowly eighth in the morning race. In the first of the afternoon races, his form again slumped as he finished at the back of the pack. He countered though with a second place finish in the eighth race. Even his good show in the afternoon wasn't good enough to maintain his spot at the top of the table as Pandey took his place.Pandey on the other hand, finished fourth in the morning race and finished second in the seventh race. He bettered his performance in the last race of the day as he finished first to extend his lead at the top of the table. With two races remaining, it would be interesting to see who wins the title as there is a close fight between top three leaders, which also includes Muzahid Khan and BK Rout. The latter had an outstanding day as he won two of the three races held on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752745", "title": "Lionel gifts himself seven Mercedes cars", "text": "Singer Lionel Richie has gifted himself seven Mercedes cars for Christmas.And the shocked salesman didn't recognise the famous singer.\"I decided to buy myself a Mercedes - or two! In blue jeans and T-shirt, I walked into a Montgomery, Alabama, dealership and said, 'I'll buy seven Mercedes.' Staring, the guy asked, 'Son, you got some proof?' I had him call LA's Bank of America president. He hung up and segued from 'Son' to, 'Mr. Richie, right this way, please,'\" nypost.com quoted Richie as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17751625", "title": "Jetha gets rousing reception in court", "text": "VADODARA: BJP MLA from Shahera in Panchmahal Jetha Bharwad appeared in a Godhra court on Monday for the hearing on his anticipatory bail petition filed by him in connection with the case of firing at Tarsang village that had injured three persons. The incident had taken place during the assembly polls at the village from where his rival candidate from Congress Takhatsinh Solanki belongs.Bharwad was not present in the court when the court took up the matter for the first time in the morning. The court insisted that Bharwad should appear for the hearing and told his counsels that they should ensure that he comes to the court at 3.30pm.Bharwad arrived at the court complex in Godhra in the presence of his supporters and got a welcome much like that of a hero. The crowds displayed posters with slogans in favour of Bharwad.Inside the court premises, Bharwad's lawyers made detailed arguments seeking the anticipatory bail for him. The hearing began at around 3.30pm and lasted for around two hours. Further hearing has been fixed for Wednesday.The court has asked Bharwad not to leave the state till the petition is decided and not to enter Shahera constituency till that time.The police have been asked not to arrest him till the petition is decided, said public prosecutor Jasubhai Pandya.The complainant against Bharwad Mahendrasinh Sodha has roped in Godhra-based lawyer A A Hasan to appear with the prosecution. Hasan said that the defence had objected to his making arguments, but when he sought permission to do so the court granted it.Three persons were injured during firing at Tarsang village during a clash between Bharwad and the villagers on December 17. While Sodha alleged that Bharwad opened firing, Bharwad has claimed that his guard fired at the mob in self-defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17751252", "title": "CM, guv, archbishop extend Christmas greetings", "text": "PANAJI: The people of Goa have been wished warm greetings on the occasion of Christmas by the state's leaders.Governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo extended his warmest greetings and best wishes to the people of Goa.\"On this very special day, we celebrate the birthday of Lord Jesus Christ, whose eternal and most valuable message of love, peace, tolerance and brotherhood continues to influence and inspire entire humanity,\" the governor said.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has extended warm wishes to the people of Goa.In his message, chief minister Parrikar said \"The festival of Christmas is a symbol of love and compassion celebrated in many parts of the world with joy and enthusiasm. Let us, on this occasion, dedicate ourselves to strengthen the unity and promote national integration and take Goa to new heights of progress and prosperity.\"In his message, the archbishop of Goa and Daman , Filipe Neri Ferrao, stated \"I wish the Christian community and the society, at large, all the blessings of this night and season; and pray that we may be inspired to bear witness to truth, to love, to peace: values for which Christ was born, lived and died.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751422", "title": "Workshop on women's rights held", "text": "INDORE: A workshop educating the women about their rights and security in the wake of the Delhi rape incident was organized by the Dr Om Nagpal Shodh Manch under the aegis of Om Vichar Manch. More than 200 girls from schools, colleges and other institutes participated in the workshop.The women participants condemned the Delhi gang rape incident and discussed various issues including self-respect respect for women at home and society, role of police and governments, etc. Men too shared their views on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750701", "title": "BJP undecided on party chief", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Lobbying for the state BJP president post got intense on Monday with the party's central bosses trying hard to pick a consensus candidate to succeed Jual Oram.Two central BJP leaders \u00e2\u20ac\u201d general secretary Narendra Singh Tomar and secretary in-charge of Odisha Sontosh Gangwar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had on December 13 and 14 held consultations with around 190 state party leaders here. But owing to intra-party differences they could zero in on a particular candidate, leaving the race open to at least four contenders: Nayan Mohanty, Basanta Panda, K V Singhdeo and Ashok Sahu.BJP sources said Singhdeo is backed by a powerful group, but he is also strongly opposed by another. The same seems to be the case with Mohanty and Panda. In this scenario, party national general secretary Dharmendra Pradhan and party state vice president Ashok Sahu have emerged as dark horses, party insiders added.Party sources said BJP's national president Nitin Gadkari was scheduled to meet some senior party leaders from Odisha at 9 pm on Monday at his New Delhi residence to discuss on the next state party chief. The issue has become urgent as Oram's three-year tenure ended on Sunday, sources added.\"I think we will be able to decide on a consensus candidate,\" Oram said ahead of the meeting with Gadkari. Other party leaders from Odisha like Singhdeo, Pradhan, Bijay Mohapatra, Biswabhusan Harichandan and Prasanna Mishra were also expected to participate in the discussion.Harichandan said the party should decide on a candidate who can carry others in the party and resolve the problem of factionalism. \"If that happens, the party can grow in the state,\" he remarked.Party insiders said unless a leader acceptable to different groups is selected or elected the party would not gain much. \"Apart from the leader's acceptability to various factions, the changing dynamics at the national level in the wake of different allegations against Gadkari could also play a part on who dons the state president mantle,\" noted a party leader.The saffron party's fortunes in the state have sharply fallen since BJD severed ties with it before the 2009 elections. It is not only struggling to put up a leader with a pan-Odisha appeal to take on chief minister and BJD supremo Naveen Patnaik, but is also dogged by internal bickering and the strong influence of other Sangh Parivar affiliates, party insiders said. Oram's appointment as state BJP chief in 2009 had raised hopes within the party that being a former Union minister and seasoned tribal leader he could improve the party's prospects. But successive electoral reverses proved otherwise. To overcome the problem the party in November last week recalled old hand Prasanna Mishra to take over as state organizing secretary from Panchanan Rout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749345", "title": "Make road safety a social movement: Centre", "text": "PUNE: The Centre has urged chief ministers of all states to work with schools and universities to make road safety a social movement.The road safety week is observed all over the country in the month of January every year. The 24th road safety week will be celebrated from January 1 to January 7 2013. The theme this time is \"Stay Alive, don't drink and drive\". The emphasis will be on spreading awareness against drunk driving.In a letter sent to state CM Prithviraj Chavan, Union minister for road transport and highways C P Joshi has sought the state government's cooperation in its endeavour by organizing road safety related activities on a large scale especially in school/colleges so that the youth get sensitized on the issue.Joshi has also promised financial assistance up to Rs 5 lakh per state for organizing road safety related activities in schools. These activities may include debates/painting and essay competitions/rallies and other such events with token prizes/ certificates, states the government press release.During road safety week, stake-holders/agencies undertake various activities aimed at inculcating/promoting road safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17751172", "title": "'Give teeth to Panaji women's police station'", "text": "PANAJI: Get the women's police station in Panaji functioning within eight days and equip it sufficiently to register FIRs and act on women's complaints or else women will agitate in front of your official residence, various women's groups warned chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday.While a resolution passed at a public meeting of women's organizations at the Panaji KTC bus stand on Tuesday reflected a dire need of women in Goa, their pain and anguish over the rape of a 23-year-old girl in Delhi and other rapes in Goa was reflected in their loud demands to \"stone rapists to death\". Or as another woman put it, \"Don't hang them to death. Set them free, but first bobitize them.\"On Monday, TOI had highlighted how the women's police station has practically become defunct.Various women's groups like Bailancho Saad, Jamaat-e-Islami, Nari Shakti, All India Womens'Conference, Savera and women activists advocate Caroline Colaco and others, including a representative of environment minister Alina Saldanha, urged various kinds of reforms in Goa.While re-activating the women's police station in Panaji is their central demand, they also demanded speedy trials and urged the government to have a well-equipped forensic laboratory in Goa because the present forensic laboratory does not carry out analysis of semen. \"These tests are now done in Hyderabad and delays justice to the victims in Goa,\" said Sabina Martins of Bailancho Saad.Martins also demanded that the government should sensitize the police to deal kindly with victims of rape and domestic violence. She also urged the government to create conditions to ensure safe bus travel for women in the state. She pointed out that though the staff manning the 1091 helpline for women do take phone calls, they provide no relief to women in distress.Colaco lamented that the Goa government only announces grandiose schemes for women but takes no cognizance of the fact cases of domestic violence and suicides in Goa are on the rise. She said the government has not provided any financial support to implement the domestic violence act, that there are no safe houses nor counsellors for women victims. \"If you want the state to progress, then focus on women; because women comprise 50% of Goa's population,\" Colaco said.Nazneen Khan and members of the Jamaat-e-Islam attributed the rise in violence against women to the portrayal of women as sex objects in advertisements, television serials and other forms of media. They urged that this portrayal be stopped.Tara Kerkar of Savera complained that offenders against women are emboldened because police are tardy in their response and \"do not want to work\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17751465", "title": "Aurangabad temperature dips to 13.7\u00c2\u00b0 C", "text": "AURANGABAD: The evening temperature in the city has shown a slight drop to 13.7 degree Celsius from the 15 degree Celsius recorded since the last few days. Nagpur was the coldest in the state at 6.6 degree Celsius.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) on Monday recorded 11.8 degree Celsius temperature at Nanded.The temperature is likely to remain the same in the next 48 hours. The minimum temperature is still 2.8 degree Celsius above normal, while the maximum temperature continues to remain 30 degree Celsius which is 1.7 degree Celsius above the normal temperature.\"The cold waves that have intensified in the northern part of the country and have affected the Vidarbha region as seen in the temperature drop in Nagpur. However, the cold wave will not have much effect on the Marathwada region,\" said Medha Khole, deputy director general for weather forecasting at the India Meteorological Department, Pune.Khole said that the temperature is likely to remain the same for the next few days and will not fall below 10 degree Celsius. \"The skies will be mainly clear and fog conditions might prevail during early morning hours\", she added.The moisture in the Bay of Bengal will facilitate the formation of fog in some regions, but will not persist for long and will dissipate as the sun rises, Khole said.The deep depression will not affect the weather conditions in the country and a new western disturbance has formed in the Jammu and Kashmir neighbourhood and will later move to the east.Shrinivas Aundhkar, director at Mahatma Gandhi Mission, Centre for Astronomy and Space Technology said, \"The depression in the Bay of Bengal has lessened and the night temperatures will be less in the region.\" Aundhkar said that the temperature may show a slight increase on full moon day.The cold wave condition prevailed in Orissa and in some parts of Madhya Pradesh, Vidarbha and Chattisgarh.The temperature is recorded as below normal by 2-4 degree Celsius in central parts, east India and some east parts of eastern Rajastan. Mainly dry conditions would prevail in the rest of the central region, Khole said.Nashik recorded temperature of 14.5 degree Celsius while Ahmednagar recorded 11.7 degree Celsius, Pune recorded 14 degrees Celsius. Malegaon recorded 9 degrees Celsius, Jalgaon recorded 12.8 degrees Celsius. In the Marathwada region, Parbhani recorded 10.6 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749862", "title": "Eight coach trains introduced", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro completed 10 years of operations on Monday with the induction of two eight coach trains on the Jehangirpuri-HUDA city centre corridors. The occasion however, was marred by the closing down of busy stations near India Gate due to protests against the rape of a young girl. In fact, in view of the protests and agitations that have been rocking the city for the past week, the Delhi Metro had on Sunday announced the cancellation of all functions scheduled to commemorate a decade of operations.Nine Metro stations, including the busiest Rajiv Chowk which sees a footfall of 5 lakh on an average day, was closed down as per instructions from Delhi Police which wanted to prevent protesters from reaching India Gate. Beginning operations on this day in 2002 with 8 km, the Delhi Metro has a network of 190km carrying 20 lakh passengers a day criss-crossing the entire National Capital Region. Delhi Metro had planned big celebrations to mark the anniversary but postponed all such bashes due to the protests. However, eight-coach trains, first in the history of Delhi Metro, were inducted into services today without any formal function.At present, two trains of eight coaches have been inducted in service running between Vishwavidyalaya and Qutab Minar section. Said a Delhi Metro official, \"It is expected to see one eight coach train being added in the fleet almost every 7-10 days based on the performance of these two trains inducted into service from today.\" Approximately 2,750 train trips are made on weekdays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17750452", "title": "Watching porno websites drives them to doctors", "text": "LUDHIANA: Pornographic sites are silently taking a toll on many residents in this industrial city. Hooked to it, some of them want to kick the addiction. They are even seeking help of the psychiatrists and undergoing treatment for the \"silent malady\".Says Ranjive Mahajan, head of the department of psychiatry at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), \"I get two to three cases a month where a person is addicted to stuff which includes violent pornography, hard core pornography or soft pornography. Since there is a taboo attached to it, the number of patients coming to us is not indicative of the problem.\"\"These addicts normally spend three to four hours watching pornographic stuff. Majority of them are married and they know they are wasting their time. Most of those coming for treatment are in the middle-age group of above 40 years,\" Mahajan points out. He adds that the worst part is that family members are aware about the problem but the addict doesn't feel any guilt. Experts say that pornographic addiction damages the health and mental frame of the patient. It doesn't kill but stunts one's growth.\"Lot of time is lost by the addict watching pornographic stuff. The addict browses such stuff even during the night hours. He doesn't care about his family,\" says Dr Anshu Gupta, visiting consultant of psychiatry at a hospital on Sherpur Road. \"I get around two such patients in a month. There was no disorder like this a few years ago. But now the number is growing because of increased awareness. Mostly, the patients are brought by their wives for treatment.\" Experts say that the best treatment is behaviour therapy and abstinence from watching pornographic stuff.Experts suggest behaviour therapyPornographic sites are silently taking a toll on many residents in this industrial city. Hooked to it, some of them want to kick the addiction. They are even seeking help of the psychiatrists and undergoing treatment for the 'silent malady'. Experts say that the best treatment is behaviour therapy and abstinence from watching pornographic stuff.\"The treatment for such patients is behaviour therapy to ensure that the patient engages himself in some other productive activities. Sometime SSRIs are also used for treatment,\" points out Dr Sandeep Goel of CMCH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751459", "title": "Police detains a dozen majnus", "text": "INDORE: The Delhi rape incident that rocked the nation seemed to be an eye opener for the Indore police, who on Monday rounded up around a dozen eve teasers from different places in the city under the 'majnu abhiyan'. They were latter released after the police undertook the requisite action.Vijay Nagar police in-charge Kamal Jain said that police have rounded up four eve teasers in Vijay Nagar area. He said that police moved to Meghdoot Garden, Gujarati College, Prestige College and other such places and caught eve teasers. Legal action was taken against all of them.Talking to ToI, superintendent of police (SP), East, OP Tripathi said the police have stepped up its vigilance around malls, parks, schools and colleges where the roadside Romeos indulge in eve teasing.Apart from these steps the police will also try and send all the pending rape cases to the court within a week. \"Police have decided to send all the pending rape cases within a week\" said he.He further said the women cops too would be present at these places to provide security to the women and prevent any untoward incident. The SP said, police have also acted against bus owners whose vehicles have tinted glasses. The drive against such buses will continue, said Tripathi.Earlier, around fifty girls met the SP, Dr Ashish on Sunday to lodge their complaint about rampant eve teasing in the city. The SP had assured them to take measures and action against the accused. He had also announced to start another help line for the women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17750045", "title": "What's in a name? Ask the Chatterjees", "text": "KOLKATA: If your name happens to be Tapan Chatterjee and your wife is Rita, you have a reason to be worried. A couple named Tapan Chatterjee and Rita Chatterjee has allegedly defaulted on a Bank of India loan that they had got by showing property belonging to people with the same names as security.Now, at least two families who own high-end properties on EM Bypass have received orders of attachment from the Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT) for dues worth Rs 13,06,126.52. One of these Tapan Chatterjees is a 70-year-old cancer patient, who has been running from pillar to post to get the matter sorted out. He says he and his wife have never had any dealings with the Bank of India, leave alone take a loan.\"I returned home on December 15 to see an 'Order of Attachment' pasted on the wall outside my flat. My wife and I were shattered. I received no positive response from the DRT and stormed out of their office after warning them that my death would be in their hands if I suffered a heart attack due to the shame. I then started making inquiries of my own that brought out some startling facts,\" Chatterjee, a retired Air Force officer, said.The order mentions Case No RC/28/2012 between BoI and Tapan Kumar Chatterjee and lists addresses in Salt Lake , Gobinda Ghosal Lane (Bhowanipore) and Santoshpur. However, the order doesn't mention attachment of any of these properties. The properties listed for attachment are a flat at Calcutta Green, a home-office at the Unnayan Complex and another flat at Udita. The last two belong to the cancer patient and his wife.He started by probing into the Calcutta Green flat. \"I found out that it is owned by Lt Col (retd) Tapan Chattopadhyay. His wife is also named Rita. The DRT order mentions that the owner of this flat is the West Bengal Housing Board but gives no Kolkata Municipal Corporation assessee number. I came to know from the DRT that this former Army officer had also got in touch with them about the same problem as mine,\" said the former IAF officer.What intrigued him was why this flat was mentioned as owned by the housing board. \"Further inquiry revealed that one T K Chatterjee (who gave his name as Tapan Chatterjee), a highly-placed bureaucrat in Delhi, had a flat in the complex. This property was later handed over or taken back by the housing board. Though his wife's name is not Rita, this T K Chatterjee shares his birthday (April 4) with me. I also checked the Gobinda Ghosal Lane address and found that the two-storeyed house is owned by a widow. One of her sons is Tapan Kumar Chatterjee and his wife is also Rita,\" Chatterjee said.He suspects some fraudsters got the loan processed by grafting details of the two properties at Calcutta Green as well as those at Udita and the Unnayan Complex. Even the agency engaged by the bank to investigate the properties after default of payment didn't bother to check with the actual owners. They seem to have checked the names on a database and filed their report.DRT officials confirmed to TOI that both the former military officers had visited their office with similar complaints. The legal cell of Bank of India, Kolkata, also confirmed that the issue has been raised. \"Our debt recovery department is looking into it,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17750497", "title": "Gagandeep's remand extended", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court here on Monday extended the police remand of Gangandeep Singh, the drug peddler -- who is the main accused in the death of college student, who died of drug overdose -- and his accomplice Saurabh, by another three days. Police said that they were purchasing drugs from three drug dealers based in Amritsar, and they needed their remand to interrogate them to ascertain their whereabouts.Gagandeep had bought the heroin from a notorious smuggler, whom he had met at a discotheque in Sector 9 on the night of December 17, police said on Monday. Gangandeep had given it to Radhika, who died on December 18 because of an overdose of heroin. \"Gagandeep had been actively involved in supplying drugs at city's nightclubs for the last nearly two years. He was buying the contraband from some smugglers in Amritsar with the help of his brother-in-law Saurabh,\" said Ashish Kapoor, DSP (central).Kishan Kumar, manager of a Sector 22-based hotel was produced in the court and was sent to 14-day judicial remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749846", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAreas near education institutes need to be more secure\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "JAIPUR: Following the public outcry after the gruesome grape in New Delhi, many in Pink City have come up with a list of demands to make the fairer sex feel safe in the city. A few individuals and groups have prepared a list of areas which according to them require police vigil/posts and also suggested solutions to avert harassment of women in public.The influx of thousands of students to educational institutes in and around the city has contributed in the rise of such cases. This situation has created some areas where girls and women are highly vulnerable to harassment.On the basis of cases and testimonies of victims (girls), the group has found that areas near the educational institutes have become unsafe for both young women and the families living there. Sahil Singhal, a CLG (community liasoning group) member and traffic warden based on his observation suggested that a police chowki/patrolling is immediately required at 10 key areas including Mansarovar, Raja Park, Ambabari, Kanoria College, to name a few.\"In most cases college-going youngsters are involved in eve-teasing and harassing girls. An exhaustive vigil by police will suppress these unscrupulous elements,\" said Singhal, who noticed that travelling at night in the above mentioned areas is becoming very unsafe.Moved by the incidents of atrocities on women in Rajasthan, Apra Kuchhal, a social activist said that time has come to focus on problems. \"Our very own city is not safe. If this will not stop today, it will be disastrous tomorrow,\" said Kuchhal.She along with educationist and counsellor Nisha Jain, travel blogger Anuroopa Banerjee and Gitanjali Agarwal, a housewife and several girls students gave 25 suggestions to be presented before chief minister Ashok Gehlot, department of women and child development and State women's commission on Tuesday.The group will hold a march on Friday at Statue Circle to invite more suggestions on solving the problems. The group feels that until the public participates or real sufferers participate in forming laws, the bureaucrats and government will never end such problems.Nisha Jain said that areas mentioned for police chowkis are places where girls are being chased by boys. The group contended that this energy should be channelized for addressing similar problems that the women in the city and the state are facing. \"The real tribute to 23-year-old Nirbhaya (the name given to the gangrape victim by TOI) would be not to allow similar incidents to occur again,\" said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17751289", "title": "Goa to become Nirmal Rajya by 2014: Sudin", "text": "PANAJI: Goa aims to achieve 100% sanitation coverage and 100% open defecation free to become Nirmal Goa by the year 2014, PWD minister Ramkrishna Dhavalikar said on Monday.Briefing the media, Dhavalikar said that to achieve this the government had declared the year 2013 as 'Goa State Year of Sanitation' with a preparatory phase from October 2012 to December 2012. \"We have already taken up active awareness campaign at the block level and successfully completed eight blocks out of 12 blocks and I am personally attending the block level awareness campaign,\"The objectives of centrally-sponsored Nirmal Gram Puraskar are to promote safe sanitation and clean environment as a way of life in rural India, to encourage Panchayati Raj institutions (PRIs) to make the villages open defecation free (ODF) and to adopt solid and liquid waste management (SLWM), etc.The central government has instituted awards for village panchayats regarding this scheme. Panchayats with population of less than 1,000 will get 1 lakh, with population between 1,000 to 1,999, 2 lakh, with population between 2,000 to 4,999, 4 lakh, with population between 5,000 to 9,999, 8 lakh and population of 10,000 and above, 10 lakh. There is also additional award money for bonus points for households piped water connections. For village panchayats with population of less than 1,000 0.5 lakh, population between 1,000 to 1,999, 1 lakh, population between 2,000 to 4,999, 2 lakh, population between 5,000 to 9,999, 4 lakh and population above 10,000, 5 lakh. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750745", "title": "Lady cops to man PCR vans", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Wary of a spurt in incidents of assault on women on streets, the commissionerate of police has decided to re-engage policewomen in PCR patrol vans. Though lady constables and home guards were earlier accompanying their male counterparts in PCR vans, the former were withdrawn from the patrolling system about six months ago.\"Though the PCR vans have so far not shown any gender inequality while responding to emergency incidents, we would deploy at least one policewoman in each PCR van to better deal with crime against women,\" DCP Nitinjeet Singh told TOI on Monday. Sources said police had earlier planned to introduce 'all women' patrolling in PCR vans, but put off the plan apprehending trouble for them.Left in a spot following allegation of scarce patrolling, Singh said the patrolling system would be intensified at night and policewomen in plainclothes would patrol public places day and night. \"We will ensure that our entire resource becomes mobile 24x7,\" Singh said.Police are all set to introduce a 'beat' patrolling system from January-end too. \"We have already conducted a trial run and would introduce it after receiving auxiliary force to run the show in January,\" Singh informed. The city would be divided into 96 beats, each to be manned by designated police personnel. Apart from routine patrolling by PCR vans, beat police personnel would undertake foot as well as bike patrolling round the clock. Each beat would be provided with a power bike for patrolling.During foot patrolling at night, cops would mostly cover unoccupied houses, under construction buildings and jewelry shops. Police have sought the assistance of resident welfare associations to get updates about houses, which are lying unoccupied for a long time.Besides, police have decided to sensitize women about safety precautions at popular hangouts like parks, theatres, railway station and bus stands. \"We will put up hoardings and flash emergency number (100) to help women. This will create a sense of panic among mischief-mongers,\" Singh said.The DCP further said night blocking at major city junctions would be extended till late at night to prevent untoward incidents. At present night blocking continues till 11pm only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "17749842", "title": "Rotational jobs for Jangalmahal youths", "text": "Midnapore: The government got its calculations wrong while drawing up the scheme for bringing Jangalmahal youths back into the mainstream. It had ordered recruitment of 2,486 youths in the National Volunteer Force (NVF), but the number of sanctioned posts under the scheme stood at 1,289.As it waits for Writers' Buildings to sanction the remaining 1,197 posts, the West Midnapore district administration has worked out a way to keep all the recruits happy. It has made hired youths undergo three-month rotational stints of paid training and then spend another three months off the job. Another lot of recruits would replace those laid-off for three months. The cycle will be repeated.This alteration between employment and joblessness drove some 250 of the youths to demonstrate before the West Midnapore district magistrate's bungalow on Monday. Half the demonstrating NVF recruits were to be laid-off for three months while the other half were to start another paid-training stint after remaining unemployed for three months.The district administration had acted under a government order issued on September 8 last year, directing the administration to recruit 226 youths from each of the 11 blocks in Jangalmahal. Thus, 2486 youth had to be recruited into the NVF on a 'no work, no pay basis'.\"We were given 1,289 sanctioned posts for Jangalmahal recruits. Thus, there were no sanctioned posts for 1,197 candidates. We have written to the state government so that new posts can be created for the rest ,\" said West Midnapore ADM (development) Suman Ghosh.West Midnapore DM Surendra Gupta added, \"The recruits would be trained on a rotational basis. Each of those recruited will get a chance to undergo training during which they will be paid.\"As the demonstration started in front of the DM's bungalow from 11am, ADM (land reforms) Arundam Das was sent to speak to them. He pacified them with the assurance that the district administration was in talks with the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17751503", "title": "Sweet lime farmers demand government funds", "text": "AURANGABAD: Sweet lime farmers in Marathwada have demanded funds from the state government for maintenance of their plantations in the region. The farmers fear that the 25,000 acre plantations are likely to suffer a loss of Rs 500 crore due to lack of water in the drought affected region.The region has received less than 50% rainfall this year. \"If the plantations do not survive, farmers will suffer loss of Rs 20 lakh per acre of land. Under normal circumstances, a farmer earns a profit of Rs 2 lakh per acre,\" said, Jayajirao Suryawanshi, organiser of the Mosambi Utpadak Sanghatna.Suryawanshi said a sweet lime plant lasts for 15 years but if the trees die due to lack of water, it will lead to a long-term loss.In a statement, the farmers have demanded complete drip irrigation facilities for the plantations, irrespective of the size of the farmers' individual land holdings.\"The farmers have also demanded aid of Rs 50,000 per acre of land to help them sustain the sweet lime plantations during the next seven months. The funds will be used to supply water through tankers to the plantations,\" said Suryawanshi. At present, all villages in the region are dependent on tankers for water supply.A report from irrigation department says that around 66 tankers supply drinking water everyday to 55 villages and two colonies. The tankers make around 190 trips every day.Twenty government tankers and 46 private tankers have been deployed to meet the drinking water demand of the district. Around 20 litre of water is required per person per day in the villages for domestic use.The growers have also demanded complete mulching in the plantations to reduce water loss due to evaporation. They also demanded easing of the restriction on use of plastic with thickness of 100 microns for mulching besides allowing the usage of natural mulching.Permission for the use of sugarcane waste and dry twigs to facilitate organic farming and enrich the quality of soil is also being sought, Suryawanshi said.\"Farmers are already burdened with loans. If the plantations do not survive, it will add to the misery of the farmers\", Suryawanshi said.Suryawanshi pointed out that funds are provided by the government for grape plantations in Nashik region, pomegranate farms in Solapur and Sangola taluka, orange plantation in Vidharbha region and alphonso mangoes in Konkan. \"However, no assistance is provided to sweet lime farmers, which is an injustice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753128", "title": "Will.i.am does not ask for gifts anymore", "text": "Singer Will.i.am says he never got satisfactory gifts, therefore, he has stopped asking for any.\"I stopped asking for presents four years ago. I never used to get what I asked for anyway,\" dailystar.co.uk quoted the 37-year-old, member of Black Eyed Peas band, as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17751516", "title": "Army treats women at par with males: Capt Rawat", "text": "MHOW: Capt Anupreksha Rawat, the only woman officer of the signal officer degree in engineering (SODE) 101st course, received her B Tech degree in telecommunication and information technology on Saturday. Actually, the convocation ceremony of her course along with two other courses was held at the Aiyappa Hall here, in which 78% other officers received their degrees in a glittering ceremony.Rawat, who hails from Paudi Garhwal in Uttarakhand , was commissioned in the army in 2007 through women's special entry scheme. After serving for about two years, she joined the SODE course in December 2009 in MCTE, the alma mater of all signals men of the nation. In the course, she actively took part in all the cultural and sports events.Like other women officers, she is also commissioned in army in short service commission, as per which the officer serves for 10 years after which the term is again extendable for further 4 years.On the sidelines of the programme, TOI talked to her on various issues related to women in the armed forces that come in anybody's mind who sees it from outside.On gender discrimination, she said that she has not experienced even the slightest discrimination and has found that the women in army are at par with the male counterparts in every aspect. The reason for this is that there is no difference in the physical as well as professional standard between men and women.All the physical activities during the course and the service are compulsory for both men and women.\"I stood fifth in the order of merit, ahead of many male officers,\" she said.On her message to the girls in the society, she said that army is an organization, in which a girl becomes a true leader at the age of 22-23 and many troops are ready to follow her orders, both during war and peace. Nowhere else a girl could find such a place and position.Caption: Capt Anupreksha Rawat receiving B Tech degree in telecommunication and information technology", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17751539", "title": "Privatisation of water supply project on track, says AMC", "text": "AURANGABAD: Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) would start the project of privatization of water supply in the city in the scheduled time - January 1, 2013, said executive engineer Sakharam Panzade overruling any possibility of delay in implementing the ambitious project. He made the announcement after a joint review meeting of the corporation and private agency held in the city on Monday.\"We have made all the financial provisions for it and there will not be delay on any front. The Aurangabad City Water Utility Company Limited, a special purpose vehicle (SPV), is also set to shoulder the task and a team of 325 employees of the municipal corporation and 152 employees of the SPV will implement the PPP model very smoothly. We are already operating the project under the preparatory plan jointly,\" he said. He said 325 staff members of the corporation would be deputed on the project and the private agency would pay their salaries from New Year.Ever since the municipal corporation had announced the date of implementation of the project, there were reports in media that the civic body was not prepared for it and would postpone the date. It was said that the corporation might fail to arrange its share of Rs 95 crore for it. However, Panzade said the required fund would be raised within time and deposited in a separate bank account by January 15, 2013.As per the agreement, the corporation had to deposit the amount in the account created under the head of 'Water Payment Reserve Account'. \"It will be a reserved fund and will be utilized only in case of crisis,\" he said. The corporation has identified a property to mortgage for availing the loan from a public sector bank, he added.The corporation was in possession of Rs 143 crore received from the state government, therefore, there would not be any financial problem, he said. The state government had allotted the fund in 2010. The balance amount required for the project will be released after completion of 75% of the project.Apart from this, Panzade said that the SPV had already started the construction work of 2000 mm diameter pipeline at Jayakwadi dam. With the depleted water level at Jayakwadi dam, construction of 350 metres long platform for the pipeline in the dam became easy and hence its work started in July 2012, he added. A 42 kilometre long pipeline from Jayakwadi to Pharole and then to Nakshtrawadi is proposed under the project.Panzade said the agency would start a 24/7 call centre and six customer point of contact at each ward offices. Customers can contact the agency and log their complaints. The private agency will install water meters at all delivery points from its own funds and will recover it from the consumers in a span of five years. During the first year of the project, water bill will be generated on bi-monthly basis but in the second year monthly payments will be collected from the users.Consumers can pay bills online or give their bank accounts so that the amount can be automatically deducted at the time of bill generation. The agency will recover the outstanding water charges from customers from January 1.The total project cost is Rs 792.20 crore out of which the AMC will contribute Rs 399.53 crore while the special purpose vehicle will arrange the balance amount. In addition to this, the corporation will give Rs 63 crore per annum to the private agency for operation and maintenance work. At present, the AMC's annual expenditure of operation and maintenance is close to Rs 50 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17749086", "title": "Shillong to have a sunny Christmas", "text": "SHILLONG: It will be a bright Christmas this year in the City of Orchids, which is basking in the sun despite temperature as low as three degree Celsius.As the algid air reverberated with Christmas carols, thousands of picnickers were on the streets on Monday after days of cloudy weather. Favourite hang-outs in Shillong remained crowded throughout the day.\"Just a few days ago, afternoons were gloomy as the city remained shrouded by clouds. Mist covered the entire city. But the weather is sunny for the last couple of days, adding to the spirit of festivity,\" said Amelia, a college student, who went to Golf Links for picnicking with friends.\"We had a grand family picnic at Mawphlang forest reserve. It was a special occasion also as my uncle's birthday was today,\" said Joy, who had come from Silchar.Bakeries in the city saw brisk business on the eve of Christmas. \"There are bakeries in Shillong which date back to the British times,\" said Sujata, who is ready to relish the fruit cake that she got from a bakery in Laitumkhrah with her family.The age-old bakeries in Shillong attract many people from the neighbouring states during Christmas. Gautam, who is from Guwahati, visits his in-laws in Shillong every year at this time. \"Christmas and New Year are the times for cakes and Shillong is the best place for these yummy goodies,\" he said.Meanwhile, mid-night masses at churches and chapels across the state heralded the advent of Jesus Christ with people, cutting across all communities wishing each other joy, happiness and peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17751033", "title": "Civic bodies have water dues of Rs 3,273cr", "text": "NAGPUR: MLC Shobhatai Fadnavis has alleged that 10 municipal corporations in Maharashtra state have defaulted to the tune of Rs 3,273 crore on water dues. As a result, Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran (MJP), the state agency that provides drinking water to civic bodies, is facing a drought of funds.Fadnavis asked the government in legislative Council what was government doing to recover the dues. In a written reply, minister for water supply and sanitation Laxmanrao Dhoble too expressed concern over poor recovery by MJP from civic bodies. \"Senior MJP officials have spoken to civic officials and also written letters to the civic bodies about pending dues, but the money has not been released,\" said Dhoble.Dhoble admitted that not only Nagpur Municipal Corporation, but municipal corporations in Akola, Ahmednagar, Latur, Dhule, Jalna, Amravati and Akola had not paid their dues since many years. Of the defaulting corporations, Akola is at the top with dues of Rs 349 crore. It is followed by Ahmednagar with Rs 234 crore, Nagpur owes Rs 194 crore, Latur Rs 186 crore), Dhule Rs 175 crore, Jalna Rs 101 crore. Similarly, Kolhapur, Buldhana, Parbhani and Ullasnagar civic bodies owed amounts between Rs 75 crore to 100 crore.A senior officer from the department told TOI that even municipal councils, zilla parishads and gram panchayats were defaulters. The officer said that even 'B' and 'C' categories municipal councils like Bhandara, Kamptee, Katol, Tumsar, Umrer, Ballarpur, Gadchiroli, Hinganghat, Warora, Wani, Pusad, Akot, Washim, Buldhana, Khamgaon, Shegaon, Padharkawda, Umerkhed, Dhamangaon Railway etc have not paid.Being an essential commodity, the MJP cannot stop the supply in order to extract dues. The municipal bodies know this and routinely ignore payments. Dhoble also mentioned that a proposal to recover the dues from municipal corporations was under consideration. Most of this amount is owed against supply of water from MJP's water supply scheme.Standing committee chairman in NMC Dayashankar Tiwari admitted that the civic body has defaulted on the dues and said the civic body was following up the issue with the state government. \"A couple of months ago we met the deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and he assured to waive off the dues,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17748787", "title": "No lessons learnt from 1.9L traffic violations on E-way", "text": "MUMBAI: The deaths of Marathi theatre personalities Anand Abhyankar and Akshay Pendse in an accident on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway on Sunday night once again placed the spotlight on the problems plaguing the highway. State highway police say they registered around 1.97 lakh cases against motorists on the expressway between June 2009 and November 2012 for violations such as speeding, overtaking at high speed, lane-cutting and non-use of seatbelts. And yet, disregard of rules by motorists remains common.Abhyankar and Pendse were returning to Mumbai from Pune when a speeding truck, travelling in the opposite direction, broke through the road divider, and crashed into their car. Also in the vehicle with the actors were Abhyankar's driver and Pendse's wife Dipti and son Pratyush. The collision claimed Pratyush's life too.Rashmi Karandikar, superintendent of police, highway safety patrol, revealed that speeding and lane-cutting constituted 70% of the traffic violation cases on the E-way. For these infractions and others, errant drivers were fined over Rs 2.19 crore between June 2009 and November 2012.\"In the Sunday night accident, it is evident that the truck driver was speeding. We need to act soon to curb this menace,\" said Vijay Kamble, additional director general of police (highways). \"Drivers must be trained properly and provided refresher courses; additional drivers need to be mandated for goods vehicles; and licensing procedure should be made more stringent.\"A few years ago, a study by traffic authorities had exhibited that a vehicle driven from Panvel at less than 80 kmph reaches Pune just nine minutes later than a vehicle driven at more than 80 kmph. \"Why do people risk their lives for nine minutes?\" asked a senior officer.Karandikar said about 80% of the accidents on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway are due to human error. These range from inebriation to surrender to fatigue. Very few mishaps, she explained, occur due to snags in vehicles or tyre bursts.\"We have asked the state to research drivers' difficulties and identify remedial measures. We have recommended that help be sought from institutions like the Tata Institute of Social Sciences,\" Karandikar noted. According to Kamble, a better driving culture can be propagated, and accidents on the expressway averted, only through such a scientific approach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750404", "title": "Property worth Rs 4L damaged in fire", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two minor fire mishaps on the city outskirts on Monday gave some anxious moments to residents besides causing damage worth lakhs of rupees.In the first incident, a fire broke out on an open plot in Auto Nagar in Vanasthalipuram, which was being used to store old automobile spare parts. At around 12.45pm, these materials caught fire and spread rapidly resulting in huge flames and smoke. The Hayathnagar fire station officials rushed to the spot and put out the fire.\"We suspect that a lighted cigarette thrown into the materials might have triggered the fire. Since there were a lot of old rubber tyres and flammable liquid stored on this open area, the fire was raging for quite some time. We had to refill twice to put out the fire along with foam. The fire was finally put out at 5.30pm,\" said Sarwar Khan, station fire officer, Hayathnagar. The total damage is estimated to be around Rs 3 lakh.In another incident that took place just a few kilometers away, a plot used to store haystack for cattle caught fire near Hayathnagar bus depot. According to the officials, the fire started at around 4pm. The fire department officials had to dispatch two fire engines, one from Moula Ali and another one from Hayathnagar, to bring the situation under control. The fire was finally brought under control at around 8pm. According to officials, property worth Rs 1 lakh got damaged in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750383", "title": "Fog evokes fond thoughts of White Christmas in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Some would not mind if Tuesday dawn is foggy\u00e2\u20ac\u201dit's the closest they can come to a 'White Christmas' (the best kind) in Delhi without cotton wool involved. Despite the sombre atmosphere hanging over the city, balloons are going up in homes with Christmas trees and decorations.\"We'll go to the Cathedral Church of the Redemption where we go every year. There are prayers, we meet everyone and exchange gifts,\" said Esther Anita Browne, an undertaker who lives in Karol Bagh. \"We'll take public transport as that area may get crowded. It'll be nice if there's fog. It should be a White Christmas.\"Most of the activity is over by Christmas Day\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe shopping's done, decorations are up on trees, gifts have been bought and carolers have already paid a visit. And on Christmas Eve there's midnight mass, which, according to Reverend Dominic Emmanuel of the Delhi Catholic Archdiocese, takes place at over 100 churches in the city. The one at Sacred Heart Cathedral is typically attended by 4,000-5,000 people. They will be including in their prayers the girl who was brutalized last Sunday.Celebrations on Christmas Day are of the stay-at-home variety. C L Antony, associated with the Delhi Malaylee Association, usually has guests over. \"About 20 people come every year,\" he said. \"We roast chicken; have fish fry and mutton. My son and daughter-in-law invite their friends. Our guests are practically all Hindus as Christians stay home to celebrate.\"The New Delhi Traders' Association, however, is worried that if Metro stations continue to be closed, it will prove to be a dampener. \"Typically, on Christmas we have the highest footfall in the year, followed by New Year's Eve. And the Metro alone brings about 70-80,000 people,\" Atul Bhargava, president of the association, said. He added that the ferment in central Delhi due to protests against the rape has reduced footfalls drastically. \"We are not selling trees and decorations this year because we haven't got the permission to use the pavements,\" said Sanjeev Mehra of the Market Association, Khan Market, \"Also most people do their shopping by December 23 and sales were down by 40% yesterday.\" But it's not all gloom. There were dozens of parties on Christmas Eve, special menus and celebrations at some locations started days ahead. City-based NGO, Uday Foundation, will do a good turn\u00e2\u20ac\u201dit's gathering volunteers to visit cancer patients in different parts of the city and distribute food, clothes and gifts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17751471", "title": "AMC trains 380 sex workers for jobs, plans similar project for 250 more", "text": "AURANGABAD: After receiving heart-warming response for the initiative of assisting and training 380 sex workers getting jobs and including them in main stream society, the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) is now looking forward to helping another 250 sex workers.Under the name of 'Finex Project', the corporation had not only trained the women but also offered them assistance in seeking jobs. The project that started early in the year has witnessed more than 30% of the total participants engaged in respectable jobs and earning their bread and butter. Some of these women work in malls where they look in to housekeeping activities.The corporation had motivated few of them to form their own self-help groups (SHGs) so that they could be assigned various projects from the municipal body. At present, there are six such self-help groups registered under the corporation. Rest of the participants has started their own ventures like beauty parlours, tea shops, tailoring business, etc.The training programme was specially designed to develop a sense of dignity among them and the results show that it has had a positive impact. The participants were between the age group of 20 and 30 years.The corporation had trained the women in two groups. The Maharashtra Centre for Entrepreneurship Development ( MCED) had trained 250 women in housekeeping. In the second phase, there were 130 participants who were trained by a Pune-based NGO - Kherwadi Social Foundation.The entire success of the project was mainly dependent on participants getting jobs after completion of the training with the corporation putting a clause in the agreement with the trainers that 20% of the training fees would be released only when the all the participants were employed. \"We succeeded in our efforts and today most of them are either doing jobs or running their own ventures,\" she added.Based on this, the Women and Child Welfare Committee of the corporation had approved budget of Rs 12 lakh for the next project for commercial sex workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17751038", "title": "A human rather than women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s issue", "text": "'Rape is... a conscious process of intimidation by which all men keep all women in a state of fear.' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Susan Brownmiller in Against Our Will. True. All females have, at some time, felt a chill of fear at the thought of rape. But what's spilling on to the streets after a young woman's rape is not fear, it's a cumulative anger at the indifference to the continuing violation of women's bodies and minds.There is an outcry for the death sentence . But, if punishment were a deterrent , there would have been no more murders. Prevention seems the answer. But how do we prevent rape and make the world a safer place for women? Specially when we live in a sick society, in which even children are raped, gang rapes are becoming the norm and rapists are rarely punished.It's a society in which females are ogled and pawed on the roads, in places of study and work and subjected to lewd talk, all of which is called \"eve teasing\" . (Our language reflects our thinking . But teasing? For god's sake, there is nothing playful about something that makes a female feel dirtied!) It's a world in which porn is rampant , movies titillate with scantily-clad female bodies and even respectable newspapers and magazines carry pictures and \"researched\" stories about sex, to increase their circulation.Thankfully, most men are decent humans. And that men are fighting along with women in this agitation-turned-movement , making rape not a women's issue, but a human issue, is a great step forward.And some things can be done. Like more policemen on the roads, better policing, brightly-lit streets, women-friendly police stations and policemen. Above all, prevention has to begin at home. By not killing our baby girls. By treating sons and daughters as equals. By teaching sons that females are not just bodies, but thinking, feeling human beings. By teaching daughters not to be afraid, but to be careful. Prevention requires a change in the law ---broadening the definition of rape, distinguishing between degrees, so that the rape of a child, gang rape or any rape that brutally dehumanizes a woman, gets the most severe punishment.Castration for repeated offenders is an option to explore. But can we trust our lawmakers, who have and continue to treat women's issues as marginal and trivial, to do these things? Unlikely. Perhaps the best and most long-term solution is for more women to get into power, don't women form the largest vote bank in the country?(The writer is an eminent novelist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "in the scriptures, we read 'behold a virgin shall conceive and bear a son and he shall be called emmanuel which means god with us... and he called his name jesus' (mathew 1", "code": "17750988", "title": "He lives with us, he is like one of us", "text": "In the scriptures, we read 'Behold a Virgin shall conceive and bear a son and he shall be called Emmanuel which means God with us... and he called his name Jesus' (Mathew 1:23-25)It is Christmas again, a time of celebration, of renewing friendship, of giving gifts and what not. But it is also a time of looking into the true meaning of it, especially in our times 2012 years after the birth of Christ.The name Jesus means god with us. Today, we are in a world of search and research. Searching for truth for meaning in life and what more. People are doing research on god too. Where is god, how can we reach him, see him, touch him, if possible experience him, and speak to him. Man's search for truth finds many ways of expression. Some of us are always in search of god, forgetting that god is with us. God is not beyond us, he is not behind, or above us. He lives with us, he is like one of us.God so loved the world that he sent his only begotten son to us in the form of a child. Christmas is god's love expressed to us in human form. Now we do not have to look around, and beyond us, but look to Jesus and we will find god.We also can find god in others, in our fellow beings, in humans who probably do not belong to our fold. Jesus Christ taught us the lesson of love, to love one another. He was born in a manger among the cows and animals. During his time, he loved the poor and had compassion for the downtrodden. Christmas should mean for us to care for the poor, and have a heart for them.When Jesus was born, the good news of the birth of Jesus was told to the shepherds out in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night. The Angel of the Lord told them, \"Be not afraid, for behold I bring you good news of great joy which will come for all the people...\" The shepherds went in haste and found Mary, Joseph and the child lying in the manger. We need an urgency to find the truth, and not to linger on.We also need to look and discover the power of love of god given into this world in the human form. We need not grope in darkness of ignorance, hatred, pride, anger and indifference. Jesus has an answer for all our queries, for he is The Light. May the star of Christmas shine upon you and remove the darkness from within us and make us shine in the love of god and neighbour, I pray.Happy Christmas. Archbishop Abraham", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749969", "title": "450 'bonded' workers from Odisha rescued", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 450 labourers from Odisha, who were allegedly being taken to work in brick kilns in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh, were rescued on Sunday and Monday by volunteers of the International Justice Mission.Based on information that 2,000 labourers had taken cash advance at Odisha and were being sent to work in various parts of Tiruvallur district in Tamil Nadu and in the neighbouring state, the volunteers rescued 354 from the Ponneri railway station, 45km north of Chennai, on Monday and 130 from Gudur railway station in Andhra Pradesh on Sunday.After the rescue, the volunteers told the labourers that they had been brought here to work as bonded labourers. They were asked to return home. Sources said the huge demand for labour in brick kilns and other such units in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh has prompted agents to fan out to states like Uttar Pradesh and Odisha looking for cheap labour.Early this year, 522 labourers belonging to 143 families, mainly from Odisha, were rescued from bonded labour at a private brick kiln near Ponneri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750426", "title": "Avoid shared autos, women techies urged", "text": "HYDERABAD: To prevent Delhi-type of sexual assaults in the city, the Cyberabad police have advised women working in software companies in Madhapur and Gachibowli not to commute in shared private transport vehicles in the night. They have also been advised to install a free SOS alert application in their smart phones.In view of the brutal assault on a paramedic in the country's capital, the Cyberabad police on Monday organized an interactive session with the representatives of Cyber Security Council and various IT, BPO and KPOs.About 300 representatives from 100 companies, including 110 women, attended the interactive session. During the interaction with police, some women representatives told police that they were facing rude and vulgar behaviour from some cab and auto drivers. Majority of them complained that auto drivers wouldn't care to turn on the meters.Police suggested to the participants not to hop into shared autos and cabs during nighttime. \"As you do not know who the other passengers are, it is not safe to travel during the night in this manner. We have advised them to try and travel by pooling people whom they know, even if it takes some time, it is much safer that way,\" Madhapur inspector K Srinath Reddy told TOI.Some participants complained about poor bus services in the night. Police have decided to request APSRTC to operate some services on specific routes during the night as per the requirement of the IT employees.One of the participants informed police about a free smart phone mobile application (fightback) designed for women safety by Tech Mahindra group. The application enables a victim to dispatch SOS SMS at the press of a button to five persons and also updates the SOS as status on victim's facebook wall. \"Friends of the victim can see her exact cell phone location on the Google maps with the specific timing, which will enable them to quickly alert police and rush to the spot,\" the inspector said. The application can be downloaded from . Similar free applications are also available at www.neverwalkalone.com, ,As a precautionary measure, the Madhapur police have gathered details of 2000 auto drivers plying vehicles from various stands near Hi-Tec City. All these autos were given unique easily recognizable number, which is displayed on the vehicle. Women employees were also asked to SMS the number to their family members or friends as soon as they get into the vehicle as a precautionary measure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749522", "title": "Lesa to crack down on erring consumers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa) has decided to crackdown on erring power consumers in parts of trans-Gomti area soon after Christmas. On Monday, managing director of Madhyanchal Distribution Company, AP Mishra directed the teams that would swoop down in parts of Indiranagar, Rajajipuram and Rahim Nagar.Complaints of power theft have been reported from some of these areas. Mishra said that each team will be headed by an executive engineer. He said that consumers will be booked in case their electricity meters were found tampered. Meanwhile, moving ahead with its drive against power theft, Lesa nabbed 70 power consumers engaged in power pilferage from various localities of the state capital. Chief engineer, Lesa, Pradeep Tandon said that the authority recovered nearly 7 lakh as penalty from the erring consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17750320", "title": "Surveillance at Chanchalguda", "text": "Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma has directed the Dabeerpura police to step up vigil near the jail during VIP visit to Chanchalguda central prison. On receiving a letter from the CP's office, police officials visited the jail on Monday and met jailor Ashok. They discussed possible ways of coordination between the two departments when high-profile people arrive at the prison to meet certain VIPs lodged there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17751664", "title": "It's only winter and Buldhana gets water once in 20 days!", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of Buldhana town are shivering these days. No it is not due to the cold. It is the thought of summer that makes them shiver. Even though it is peak winter, the town is getting water once in 20 days. Publicly the officials say the situation will remain under control but the citizens are fearing the worst.An official in district administration revealed on condition of anonymity that as on date top officials are unable to see how far their efforts to meet summer season's requirement would be successful. \"It is an unprecedented crisis. The government has to think of the entire district. Some water has to be provided for cattle too. The sources are limited and most are either dry or will go dry before onset of summer,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17750854", "title": "What else can a smartphone do? Turn itself into car key", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17751764", "title": "SMC to use Chinese tech to treat sewage water", "text": "SURAT: Though the Diamond City is ranked as the fourth fastest growing cities in the world, Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) believes in constantly improving services by adopting state-of-the-art technology from across the world.To upgrade the existing drainage and sewage treatment facilities, the civic body is eyeing Shanghai and other fast growing cities in China. The urban planners recently sent a two-member team of engineers from the drainage department to China to inspect the state-of-the art Cyclic Activated Sludge Technology (C-Tech), an advanced sequential batch reactor process.Official sources said C-Tech is extensively used to treat domestic sewage and industrial effluents. A very high degree of treatment of waste water is achieved which makes it suitable for recycle and reuse at a very low cost using minimum space.The SMC has prepared a master plan for comprehensive sewerage system of more than 1,425km of sewers and nine sewage treatment works to serve not only the domestic and commercial but also the industrial developments till 2021.Waste water generated from all these developments is collected by a network of underground sewers and pumping stations and sent to sewage treatment works for physical and biological treatment to meet the parameters prescribed by the Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) before discharging it into the nearest water course.After the massive devastation by the rainstorm in Beijing in July 2012, the city governments across China hastily ordered a thorough check on drainage systems and unveiled several plans for extensive upgrades.The Shanghai Drainage Administration announced to invest $1.63 billion (Rs 5,300 crore) to improve 28 drainage systems before 2015 by using advanced technology. \"We have already placed the order to install C-Tech system to treat sewage water in the city. The project is likely to be commissioned in the next four to six months. The technology is supplied by SFC Environmental Technologies Private Limited,\" said Jatin Shah, a city engineer.According to Shah, until now the sewage water was treated using the conventional treatment methods. But the C-Tech system is operated in a batch reactor mode which eliminates all the inefficiencies of the continuous processes. \"A batch reactor ensures 100 per cent treatment. The complete process takes place in a single reactor where all biological treatment steps take place sequentially,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752797", "title": "Illayaraja to receive the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award", "text": "Music composer Illayaraja is set to receive the prestigious Sangeet Natak Akademi Award, which is presented to those who excel in fields of music, dance, cinema and puppetry. A total of 36 people have been selected for the Sangeet Natak Academi Awards 2012.Music Maestro Ilayaraja, Rajasekar Mansoor (Hindustani Vocalist), Ajay Pohankar (Hindustani Vocalist), Sabir Khan (Tabla), and Bahauddin Dagar (Rudra Veena), O S Thyagarajan for Carnatic Vocal Music, Mysore M Nagaraja (Violin), K V Prasad (Mridangam), and Bhai Balbir Singh Ragi (Gurbani) Violinist N Rajam, T H Vinayakram and Ratan Thiyam have been selected for the esteemed fellowship award.Currently the akademi has a fellowship of 40 people which comes with a monetary award of Rs. 3 lakh. The Award winners are presented with Rs. 1 lakh each, Tamrapatra and Angavastram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17751771", "title": "After 4-day freedom, thief back in jail!", "text": "SURAT: Government railway police arrested a thief for allegedly carrying out more than 100 thefts in trains and on railway stations. The accused had come out of jail only four days back.Shankar Mulji Parmar, a resident of Mangrol village near Karjan, was arrested on Sunday with a stolen bag at the Surat railway station. Parmar had lifted the bag with valuables worth Rs 7,000 from Tapti-Ganga Express. Before he could get away with the bag, a flying squad nabbed him from platform No. 4 when he was getting down from the train.Earlier, he was arrested by the Surat railway police around 10 times and is known for his habit to steal belongings of passengers. \"Parmar so far has carried out more than 100 thefts in trains, waiting rooms and railway stations between Ahmedabad and Vapi. He has turned habitual and don't fear being arrested,\" said Kiritsinh Sisodiya, head constable of the flying squad.Parmar has no family member and doesn't mind staying in jail. On being arrested, he told police that he liked Lajpor jail as there he need not worry about food and living.In July this year, Surat police had arrested Rana alias Ramesh Devshi Kalsariya for allegedly carrying out more than 100 house break-ins. Kalsariya carried out the thefts since 2002 in different cities of Gujarat. According to police, he had stolen valuables worth Rs 1 crore. Kalsariya carried out thefts using screwdriver and pliers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750349", "title": "HC cracks whip, reopens 2008 rape case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indicating that it won't tolerate incompetence in probe on crimes against women, the Delhi high court has re-opened a 2008 case where police had filed a closure report.Taking suo motu cognizance of the four-year-old gang-rape case, HC has set aside a magistrate's decision to accept the police report to close the case against the two alleged rapists.Justice P K Bhasin quashed the lower court's order while dismissing the pleas of the two accused, who had come to HC for deletion of their names from the FIR in the gang-rape case on the ground that the magistrate has accepted the police version giving them a clean chit.The accused had also sought prosecution of the alleged victim of gang rape for levelling false allegations against them. The FIR in the case was lodged on December 24, 2008, at Mehrauli police station.Dismissing their plea, Justice Bhasin questioned the magistrate's decision of accepting the police report, saying it was \"unsustainable\" and had resulted in \"grave miscarriage of justice.\"The petitioners had contended that the police while investigating the case had found that the two accused had an alibi for the time of commission of offence and that even the girl's neighbours had not heard her screams or any noise.The girl had later appeared before the magistrate saying she had no objections if the court closed the case against the two and that she is satisfied with the police probe in the matter, they had said. Relying on the girl's affidavits and evidence produced by police, the magistrate had accepted the agency's closure report. HC pulled up the magistrate for acting \"in undue haste\" while accepting the closure report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17749934", "title": "BJP sacks 30 Yeddyurappa aides", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 30 associates of former chief minister and Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) president B S Yeddyurappa heading state-run boards and corporations have been sacked by the ruling BJP.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar and state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa sacked them from important posts on charges of anti-party activities.The action comes a day after the BJP core team of chief minister Jagadish Shettar, state party president KS Eshwarappa, deputy chief minister R Ashoka, former chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, BJP national general secretary H N Ananth Kumar and party's organizing secretary Santhosh decided to make fresh appointments to statutory boards after removing the rebels.Eshwarappa said, \"Fresh appointments with party cadres will happen soon.\" The core team also decided to fill two cabinet berths created following the sacking of BJ Puttaswamy and resignation of Sunil Vallyapure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17751558", "title": "Victims of abuse battle lifelong scars", "text": "PUNE: When 19-year-old Asavari (name changed) faced persistent teasing from a group of boys in college, she started cooking up all kinds of stories to avoid college than seeking help from family and friends. Tense and anxious most of the time, she soon developed sleep disorders.Worried about the change in their daughter's behaviour, her parents took her to a neighbourhood doctor who referred her to a psychologist. The parents were advised to help her deal with boys and also to boost her confidence so that she could face people on her own.Doctors say they often come across such cases where victims of abuse, attack or even eve-teasing suffer from serious mental health conditions, including post-traumatic stress disorder and anxiety. \"Women who are victimised are vulnerable to short and long-term psychological consequences. Immediate distress may include shock, fear, anxiety, confusion, and social withdrawal. Hence, it is advisable for parents to build a rapport with children so that things are shared rather than concealed. Besides, those who undergo such experiences need to share with family and friends to cope with it and get solutions as well,\" said senior psychiatrist Devendra Shirole, who is also national vicepresident of Indian Medical Association (IMA). He said consultations with both mental health professionals and counsellors can help victims of violence deal with their emotions, develop coping skills and build self-esteem.Senior psychiatrist Alka Pawar, director of Maharashtra Institute of Mental Health said, \"Psychological symptoms that may be overlooked in clinical practice include symptoms of depression, physical symptoms without the presence of medical conditions (psychosomatic disorders), severe preoccupation with physical appearances (body dysmorphic disorders) and disordered eating behaviours.\"Audrey Fernandes coordinator, managing trustee of Tathapi Trust Women and Health Resource Development, an NGO based in Pune, spoke about the need for an integrated approach to deal with such cases.\"There is a need for health professionals to develop an integrated approach to deal with such cases. Women who are victims of violence, both physical as well as sexual, do not easily come forward and speak out, nor do they seek help. However, they almost always visit a health facility to seek relief for their pain,\" said Fernandes. Some abused women try using drugs, alcohol, smoking, or overeating to cope, but this can lead to greater physical and emotional problems, say experts. They advise that trying exercise, deep-breathing or other relaxation techniques, and reaching out for support to friends, family, and community groups can make a positive difference.In an analysis of 94 victims of sexual assault in Mumbai carried out by Centre for Enquiry into Health and Allied Themes (CEHAT), a Mumbaibased NGO involved in research, training, service and advocacy on health and allied themes, the victims reported various physical and mental issues post sexual violence.\"What is important to note is that these health consequences are preventable if appropriate medical and psychological support is provided and this is one of the most important responsibilities of the health system,\" said senior activist Padma Deosthali of CEHAT. \"If supporters are caring, empowering, responsive to survivors' needs and enable them to hope that they will overcome present problems,\" Deosthali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17751072", "title": "Police stations to have 5 women staffers each", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government on Monday took a slew of measures to ensure safety of women. This includes deploying at least five women police personnel at every police station and disposing of complaints related to women within a month.After chairing a meeting of the senior police officers on Monday night, home minister R Ashoka told reporters that the Bangalore City police commissioner has been directed to prepare and announce the guidelines in a couple of days.The guidelines will be the cornerstone for the police personnel to handle heinous crimes. These include precautions and measures to be taken by IT companies and call centres, among others. They list the measures the victims should take.The home minister said he had directed the officers to ensure that the IT and private companies scale up women's safety and security measures.The meeting decided to keep more vigil on the drivers and cleaners of private vehicles \u00e2\u20ac\u201d autotickshaws, taxis and buses. The travel agencies should send the police authorities details of their drivers and cleaners along with their photographs and two references. Also, it was decided to ensure that the autorickshaws and taxies are fitted with GPRS and the drivers' background check is done.Meanwhile, to sensitize his personnel with regard to crimes against women, the city police commissioner is holding a meeting of police officers on Wednesday.Keeping hawk's eye* Map the thinly populated areas and step up security* CCTV cameras at bus stations, railway stations* Strict action against officers who refuse to register cases of rape or harassment* Compulsorily registration of paying guest accommodations for womenOther decisions taken in the senior officers' meeting:* To set up an exclusive help line, on the lines of 911 in the USA.* To seek the opinion of the law department to invoke KCOCA or Goonda Act against the rapists* To urge the union government to implement stringent laws to ensure the safety of women", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17751595", "title": "Iscon close to buying Inductotherm land", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City-based Iscon Group is close to acquiring 1.2 lakh square yard land in Bopal where Inductotherm India has its manufacturing facility. The deal has reportedly been struck for close to Rs 400 crore at more than Rs 30,000 per square yard.Inductotherm India, which operates an induction melting, heating and welding equipment manufacturing plant on the plot, has plans to shift the unit to Sanand.Sources close to the development said that Iscon group was interested in the land parcel ever since it launched a hi-end apartment scheme near the Inductotherm plant on SP Ring Road.Iscon group officials confirmed their interest in the land, but denied having struck a deal. \"We had earlier acquired land from Inductotherm on SP Ring Road near Bopal where we launched a 500 unit high-end residential towers. The project was a hit and we are now looking at further land acquisition, including the Inductotherm plant,\" said an Iscon Group promoter.Jagat Shah, managing director, Inductotherm (India) refused to comment. According to sources, the groups are also discussing ways of joint development. Sources said the rumours that government might increase floor space index ( FSI) for certain zones in Ahmedabad has held up announcement of the deal which may be finalised once the inauspicious period 'kamurta' ends after Uttarayan.This may be one of the several deals in the pipeline, now that chief minister Narendra Modi has been elected for the third time. The victory has given a shot in the arm to the developers who are anticipating that the sluggish realty market would now firm up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17750192", "title": "High Court grants protection to woman", "text": "KOCHI: An 89-year-old spinster has been granted police protection by the Kerala high court against her being ousted from her home, which was gifted by her to her niece.The woman, Lilly Gomez of Fathima Mandiram near Chirayinkeezhu railway station in Thiruvananthapuram, had executed a will in 1984 in favour of her niece, Sheelu Dally Amma of Murukkumpuzha, to the effect that her house and other landed properties would devolve after her death to her niece.She approached the high court through advocate Manoj R Nair seeking police protection to her life and residence, pointing out that there have been incessant attempts on the part of her niece to evict her from her home.Though Lilly had filed a petition to Thiruvananthapuram city police commissioner on July 9 this year, she didn't get any help from police. Thereafter, she approached the revenue divisional officer (RDO) of Thiruvananthapuram, who is the tribunal designated under the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act of 2007, with a complaint on November 8 this year.When the city police commissioner and the RDO failed to take any action to prevent Lilly's niece from driving her away from her own home, she filed the petition at the high court. While the desperate woman was running from one authority to another in her effort to get help for staying at her own home, her niece filed a civil suit against her seeking an order preventing her from executing any other will.When the petition seeking police protection came up for hearing before division bench comprising of justices KM Joseph and K Harilal, the niece's counsel M Dinesh submitted that the niece is staying with the woman and that no effort will be made by the niece to throw the woman out of her house.The court disposed the petition by ordering the sub inspector of Chirayinkeezhu police station to give protection to the life of the petitioner and also for her residence in the house if the woman complains of further threats from her niece.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17749112", "title": "Industrialists protest assault by land grabbers", "text": "Palanpur: Industrialists running small units in GIDC premises in Dediyasan in Mehsana district took to streets on Monday to protest against an attack on their colleagues by land grabbers on Sunday.The protest was carried out under the banner of Industrialists Estate Association (IEA). They also submitted a memorandum to the district collector. Over 2,000 members of IEA expressed their anger over the assault on a dozen industrialists.Talking to TOI, president of IEA G K Patel said, \"The incident took place when we were planting saplings in the GIDC premises. The attackers not only uprooted the saplings but also removed the fencing around the premises.\" He alleged that chairman of IEA Kantibhai Patel was amongst those beaten up and has been admitted to a hospital. He has also suffered a brain hemorrhage.Patel said that there are over 600 industrial units in the GIDC premises and more than 7,000 workers from different states are working there. \"Unless suitable security arrangements are made our safety remains a major concern as there is no way to take on the mafia,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748800", "title": "Govt reflex lags public mood again", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what is a likely first, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his wife Gursharan Kaur on Monday appealed for peace in the wake of protests marked by violence over the gang-rape of a young woman in a moving bus.In a televised address, the PM said all steps will be taken to ensure the protection of women against crime. He said there was \"genuine and justified anger and anguish\" at the savage crime and added that as a father of three daughters, he shared the public distress over the incident.Speaking at a function later in the day, Gursharan Kaur said, \"We all are very sad at this incident but if they (protests) are conducted in a peaceful manner, they will yield more results.\"\"This is a horrible crime... Such incidents need to be condemned in the strongest possible way,\" an agency report quoted Kaur as saying. She said severe punishment needed to be handed down to the accused and there was a need for fast-track courts to deal with such cases.In his address earlier, the PM said, \"I feel as strongly about this as each one of you. My wife, my family and I are all joined in our concern for the young woman,\" he said.The PM deplored the violence, saying, \"Anger at this crime is justified but violence will serve no purpose. I appeal to all concerned citizens to maintain peace and calm. I assure you that we will make all possible efforts to ensure security and safety of women in this country.\"The delayed political response had some leaders in the ruling coalition wondering why the top leadership had been \"absent\" in the face of growing protests, allowing opposition BJP and Left as also activist-turned-politicians like Arvind Kejriwal to target the government.Singh did meet home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on Saturday and this was followed by Shinde addressing the media along with minister of state for information and broadcasting Manish Tewari, but this did not calm the protestors.The need for a stepped up response to the situation clearly called for the PM's intervention as Shinde's articulation was not seen to be adequate although he did meet some agitators on Saturday evening.Congress president Sonia Gandhi's interaction with some people outside 10, Janpath on Saturday evening and a 90-minute meeting on Sunday also did not come across as a convincing response to the situation, all the more so as the persons who met her refused to identify themselves.Those who met Sonia and Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi were apparently picked from the gathering at 10, Janapth on Saturday evening. But as with Shinde's Saturday press conference, the assurances conveyed by Sonia that tough action would be taken against the accused in the case did not cool tempers.This is not the first time that the government's political reflex has lagged public sentiment, the pattern being repeated over and over since Gandhian Anna Hazare took Jantar Mantar by storm in April 2011. It took the government several days before it suddenly capitulated and announced a negotiating committee with Hazare over a Lokpal bill.Then again later that year, Hazare's second fast at Ramlila Maidan attracted thousands of people and it needed a sharp push from the Congress leadership before the late Vilasrao Deshmukh, then a minister, was dispatched to meet Hazare on a truce mission.Earlier, when Hazare reached Delhi for his Ramlila show, the government made the mistake of arresting him and sending him to jail where he promptly announced a fast, putting the Centre in a fix.Yoga guru Baba Ramdev's protest in June 2011 also saw the government swinging between placating the popular preacher and cracking down on his protest.It was only on Monday that the government managed to get the protestors to congregate at Jantar Mantar instead of spreading themselves all over Vijay Chowk and India Gate. This helped the police to keep an eye on trouble makers and gave the protestors a venue to vent their anger and grievance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kumbakonam", "code": "17751148", "title": "Denied water, farmer attempts suicide", "text": "KUMBAKONAM: A 22-year-old farmer from Mahajanakudi, a village near Kumbakonam in Thanjavur district, attempted suicide by consuming poison after Public Works Department (PWD) officials denied him permission to utilise water from a canal running through the village. He is now recovering in a local hospital.R Paramasivam consumed a pesticide on Monday afternoon after PWD officials insisted that villagers stop using water from Mori canal for irrigation. Mori canal is meant for carrying water from Kumbakonam to Karaikkal.According to Thiruvidaimarudhur police, farmers in Mahajanakudi were deprived of water for irrigation. So, they were illegally diverting water from the canal to their farms. However, farmers from a nearby village, Muthoor, objected to the diversion as it had deprived them of water. The issue thus came to the notice of PWD officials who held talks with the Mahajanakudi farmers on Monday and decided to remove the blocks. At that time, Paramasivam protested and consumed pesticide in front of the officials. He was immediately rushed to Kumbakonam government hospital, where he is recovering. There was mild tension in the area after the incident.However, police did not register any case against Paramasivam. Moreover, PWD officials also abandoned their action to remove the block in the canal. According to the farmers, they managed to cultivate Samba crop with that water. So, they have demanded that PWD officials must not stop them from drawing water from the canal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17749206", "title": "5 Tata Steel workers shot in on-campus clash", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Five contract labourers of Tata Steel sustained bullet injuries in a clash with security guards after they were prevented from taking their bicycles on the plant premises on Monday. Witnesses said angry workers threw stones at the guards and torched vehicles parked at the entry gate, prompting the guards to open fire to disperse the mob. Besides five workers, a photo-journalist with a local daily sustained multiple injuries. Senior superintendent of police Akhilesh Jha said, \"Though the police reached the site to control the situation , the guards opened fire and injured a few people.\" He also said the police were investigating the matter.Madan Kumar, the injured photojournalist, has been admitted to the Tata Main Hospital. His condition is stable. Regretting the violence at the Buramamines entry gate of the plant, Tata Steel held miscreants responsible for the unfortunate incident. The company said miscreants mingled with contractual workers and created a ruckus at the gate. \"They threw stones at the guards, jumped over the gate and tried to vandalize company property on the premises. But when confronted by the guards they vandalized the vehicles parked outside the gate and also torched the vehicles, following which the guards opened fire to disperse the mob,\" said Sanjiv Paul, VP, corporate affairs, Tata Steel. He said about 20 guards on duty suffered injuries in the clash.The company had started bus service in the plant for contract workers and this had been going on for the past one year, he added. At all the other entry gates barring Burmamines, bi-cycles were barred from entering the plant for the last several months. \"However, at the auction yard gate (Burmamines gate), this facility was introduced about a week ago hence, bi-cycles were prohibited from entering the plant,\" said Paul. He said compensation to the victims will be paid in accordance with the existing laws.The injured workers -Ramsharan Hansda, Pintu Mardy, Dhananjay Kumar, Jagat Samad and Kanu Hembram - have been admitted to the government-run MGM hospital. \"The five sustained splinter injuries in different parts of the body, but are out of danger,\" doctors attending to them said.Raghuvar Das calls for probeFormer state labour minister and MLA Raghuvar Das has sought a judicial probe into the incident. Expressing concern over repeated incidents of violence between contract workers and company guards, the lawmaker said district administration is equally responsible for Monday's clash. \"Had the factory inspector and deputy labour commissioner been sincere in their duty, the incident wouldn't have occured,\" Das said.On June 28, 2010, security guards and contract workers had clashed with each other over entry to the plant from L town gate. Four contract labourers were injured and several vehicles were vandalized and torched. \"A thorough probe will conclude who are responsible for the series of such incidents in and outside the plant,\" said Das. He added industrial harmony here will be under threat if such clashes continue. ''We need to honour the rights of the contract workers,\" said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749623", "title": "No one will get lost at Kumbh anymore", "text": "LUCKNOW: Siblings separated in the \"Kumbh ka mela\" may no longer serve as Bollywood's most tried-and-tested story line. With state-of-the-art technology being put in place to keep an eye on every person entering and exiting the mela area, getting lost in Maha Kumbh 2013 could, in fact, pose a giant challenge.For starters, the mela administration has turned the process of allotting living quarters for all seven akharas\u00e2\u20ac\u201dsects created by Adi Sankaracharya to strengthen the Hindu religion and unite those practicing different rituals, customs and beliefs\u00e2\u20ac\u201donline. Starting this Maha Kumbh, devotees and visitors can not only look for the precise location of the akaharas they wish to visit, but they can also map their guru's every movement as they mingle with the crowds in the mela.Small wonder even sadhus are pulling out iPads to perform split-second searches on Google Maps for the precise location of their preferred akharas. \"In previous Kumbh melas, the only technology used was CCTV cameras on watch towers, for surveillance purposes and some wireless handsets. This year, we have broken new ground with advanced technology like GPS mapping, Wimax and specially-built software to ascertain the number of people who come to participate,\" said OP Srivastava, manager, Kumbh Mela.For putting together fresh, geospatial technology-assisted data that will help local administration organise more such mega events, even paper-pushing bureaucrats have had to turn a new leaf. With social networking the new buzz word, instant messaging application WhatsApp has been chosen as the favoured medium of information exchange between UP's department of information and local scribes. \"Latest information, video, photographs and all mela-related updates will now be available, around the clock, through this medium,\" said Ashok Sharma, deputy director, department of information.With over 10 crore persons expected to visit the mela grounds between January 14 and March 10, 2013, crowd control poses the greatest challenge for the mela administration. This time, though, the administration is better prepared. \"At Sangam \u00e2\u20ac\u201d where people bathe \u00e2\u20ac\u201d only 10 lakh people can converge at a time. This time, to keep tabs on the crowds, we roped in the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad to develop a software that can gauge the number of people entering the mela area. Installed at the entrance of each of the 18 pontoon bridges, these software-enabled cameras will alert us about the numbers of people entering the mela area,\" said Ram Kumar Shukla, assistant manager, Kumbh Mela.For tech-savvy visitors, though, there's also a word of caution. At present, the mela area has only been fitted with telephone and wireless network towers by government-run BSNL. With less than a month to go before the mela kick-starts, officials say all other networks will be defunct. \"We strongly advise people to get GPRS-enabled CDMA handsets to stay connected. Since other private telecom players have not, as yet, sought permission to set up mobile towers in the mela area, no other network will work,\" Shukla added.Promising visitors a glitch-free mela, a team of about 50 officials are working around the clock in Allahabad and Lucknow to make the event a grand success. A 24-hour control room that integrates information from radio, video, web and phone services has been set up. In addition, all lost and found centres will be equipped with webcam facilities where photos of lost people will be telecast on screens set up across the mela area. The administration has also set up dedicated file transfer protocol servers that will upload live feed of the Kumbh Mela, satellite uplinking facilities and a round-the-clock media centre for foreign and local journalists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17749183", "title": "Garhwa women want exemplary punishment for Delhi rapists", "text": "Garhwa: The outrage rerverberating across the country against crimes against women and the lax attitude of authorities in tackling them was heard in Garhwa on Monday. Women in Garhwa on Monday staged a daylong dharna in front of the collectorate demanding \"rarest of rare\" punishment for the Delhi gang rape accused. The demonstration was staged under the leadership of JD(U) Mahila cell general secretary Archna Prakash.The protesters handed over a memorandum to the deputy commissioner addressed to the President of India, containing six-point demand that included capital punishment for the culprits, enacting a new law for protection of women, formation fast-track court in the matter of rape, appointing a woman judge to look into the women related issues.Addressing the protesters, Prakash said, \"In many cases, rapists are seen roaming freely on roads largely because of police inaction. Both the central and state governments have been proved completely failure to curve atrocities on women\".Expressing extreme hatred towards rapists, hundreds of women shouted slogans against the government's failure to protect women. As a result, women feel themselves completely insecure, said Vimla Devi.\"The cases of atrocities on women are on rise day-by-day whether it is the case of gang rape or eve- teasing,\" said Manmati Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17750887", "title": "Car pools, private buses unsafe, feel parents", "text": "PATNA: The parents of schoolgirls commuting in car pools and private buses feel that their daughters are not at all safe at the hands of strangers. In fact, the girls who are too young to understand if they are sexually harassed by the drivers of private school vans and buses, are the most vulnerable lot.Hamid Zakaria, whose six-year-old daughter Ayesha Zakaria is a student of Notre Dame Academy, told TOI that despite owning a private car and hiring a driver, he is compelled to let her daughter board a private van to reach her school. \"The driver is not at all punctual and we can't always drop and fetch her, so very reluctantly I have hired a private van in which my daughter goes to school with 13-14 more girls,\" he said and added that he was fully aware that she was not safe at the hands of a stranger.\"I try to keep a track of her whereabouts through phone and keep calling the driver every now and then,\" he said. Similar is the fear of Saurav Kumar of Patliputra Colony, whose five-year-old daughter goes to a play school located at Boring Road. \"My daughter is first to board the private van and the last one to disembark... Though only for three hours, we remain very apprehensive,\" said Kumar, adding that his daughter Shreya was too small to understand any kind of sexual exploitation.Kumar also suggested there should be an association of van owners; not everyone with a four-wheeler should be allowed to come up with advertisements like \"car available for carrying schoolchildren\". It is not only the parents of innocent children who are a worried lot, but also those of grown-up schoolgirls.Arman Suhail Ekram told TOI that being a father he is always worried about the safety of his daughter who is a Class XII student of NDA and boards a private bus to travel to school. \"Whenever she is late in reaching home, both my wife and I become apprehensive,\" he said. He also said that coding of buses and autos was not enough for the girls' safety. The schoolgirls should be trained to tackle situations of danger.Shamael Ahmad, president of Private School and Children Welfare Association, told TOI if cases of sexual harassment or misbehaviour by the drivers or conductors come to light, the parents cannot blame the school authorities. \"Why take risk... Just to save some money parents are compromising the safety of their daughters,\" he said and added that during school dismissal hours, the government should run city buses, especially for schoolchildren, on a subsidized rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17750516", "title": "Conductor crushed to death between two buses", "text": "BANGALORE: A KSRTC conductor helping his driver-colleague reverse the bus was crushed to death after he was trapped between two buses in Kempegowda bus terminal on Monday.According to police, he was caught between the bus he was guiding and a stationary bus behind him. The deceased is Beerappa, 40, hailing from Hoovinahalli village, Kolar.The incident took place at 9.45am when Beerappa came to work. He was assigned a Bangalore-Kolar bus (KA07 F 1327) for work. He guided the bus driver to enable its parking at the designated spot on platform number 8.The driver took a sharp turn in the reverse gear, hitting Beerappa and pushing him up to another parked bus on the adjoining platform. Beerappa was crushed between the two buses. He sustained severe head injuries and was bleeding profusely from his ears and mouth. He was rushed to a nearby hospital and referred to Nimhans where he was declared dead on arrival.Upparpet traffic police have registered a case and are investigating. Beerappa's body was handed over to his grieving family members in the evening after an autopsy was conducted at Bowring Hospital. KSRTC officials said Beerappa's bus that belonged to the Kolar division, was scheduled to depart at 9am to Kolar.\"Beerappa has been working with us for eight years. The KSRTC accident cell is looking into the incident and investigating,\" said Ashok Kumar , chief traffic manager (operations).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749810", "title": "18 labourers injured in van collision", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 18 labourers were injured when two vans collided at Mappedu near Tiruvallur, 60km from here, on Monday morning. The injured have been admitted to Government General Hospital with minor injuries. There were 30 workers apart from the two drivers in the vehicles.The injured were first taken to the government hospital in Tiruvallur before being shifted to Chennai. Some of the injured have been identified as Prabhu, 24, Rajkumar, 27, Vasu, 23, Silambarasan, 27, Jack, 30, Vijayakumar, 28, Narendran, 26, Murugan, 25, and drivers Marimuthu, 26, and Ramu, 24.Police said the two vans were carrying labourers from nearby villages to an electric transformer-manufacturing company and another company in Vayalur, 6 km from Mappedu.Mappedu sub-inspector G Tamil Selvi and others rushed to the accident spot and supervised the rescue operations. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749800", "title": "Mystery deepens over tiger death", "text": "JAIPUR: Trap cameras have been installed around the area where a maggot-ridden and decomposed carcass of a tiger was found at the Ramthambhore tiger reserve on Sunday while an officer from the state forest department has been dispatched to the reserve for preparing a report on the incident.The twin action comes from the department after its failure to get damning evidence as to whether the tiger was killed in a territorial fight or was it a revenge killing by some villager or whether it died a natural death. The carcass had rotted away beyond recognition while it is also suspected that wild animals may have eaten away its flesh. Pug marks of hyenas and that of another tiger were found near the carcass.\"The trap cameras have failed to throw up any concrete picture of the movement of another tiger in the area. We will be changing their position for a better picture,\" sources said.The mystery over the death deepened with possibilities that suggest death could be due to any of the reasons. \"While there are canine marks on its neck but the marks are not definitive. Scientists of the Wildlife Institute of India suggested that the marks were such as the teeth were sunk in twice in the same area,\" sources said.But while that may be scientists have also collected all possible samples from the carcass for forensic test to see if it was poisoned by villagers in an act of revenge killing. \"Revenge killing cannot be totally ruled out as the area where the carcass was found is frequented by villagers and is towards the fringe of the reserve,\" he added.On the other hand, sources that were present at the spot where the tiger was found also revealed that the tiger was aged. \"There were cracks in its canine and its front incisors had become blunt. Possibility of a natural death is also there,\" he said.Interestingly, suspicions of the fact that the tiger was male T-27 have not given way to the carcass being that of a female. \"Tigresses have small heads and the carcass' head was also small,\" sources said. However, male tigers are not known to attack female tigress and a territorial fight in such a case can only be with another female tigress.\"We are waiting for a report from the officer who has been sent there. Once the report comes we will be in a better position to give an exact report on the death,\" said UM Sahai, head of forest forces, Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17750454", "title": "Suspected honour killing in Kalghatagi", "text": "Hubli: Mystery shrouds the death of a 19-year-old college student Drakshayani Kalghatkar in Sangameshwar village in Kalghatgi taluk of Dharwad district. Locals are suspecting honour killing. According to police, the girl was in love with a youth of the same village and planned to marry him, but her parents were opposed to it. She was found dead on Sunday night and her parents allegedly cremated the body in the wee hours of Monday. District superintendent of police Ravi Naik, however, denied it was a case of honour killing. \"The girl's parents refute any role in the death of their daughter. They say she was ailing and died of a heart attack. We have asked them to produce documents supporting their claim,\" he added. Meanwhile, the girl's lover, who also belongs to the same community, has fled the village fearing for his life. This is the third such incident after the ones reported in Mandya and Mysore this year. In Mandya, a girl was murdered and in Mysore, a lecturer was killed by her brother. In both cases, the women were in love with men belong to another community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17748576", "title": "Police on alert for New Year revellers", "text": "MUMBAI: Two back-to-back mishaps involving underage drivers have put traffic police on the alert in the run-up to the new year. The force, which started a strict anti-drunk driving campaign from December 20, will also look out for teenage drivers and speedsters.Between December 20 and 23 alone, police recorded 681 cases of drunk driving.\"A majority of our force is out on the streets for three hours-10pm to 1am-when revellers step out of watering holes. An average of 150 cases of drunk driving are recorded every night since December 20. The number of locations for nakabandis have been increased threefold. Last year, there wasn't a single fatal accident on new year's eve and we want to ensure the same is maintained this year as well,\" said deputy commissioner (traffic) Dr Mohan Dahikar.The traffic police have also designed special posters to create awareness about the menace of drunk driving, which are being put up at important locations across the city.\"We will be making sufficient announcements about the drive through VMS boards installed at various junctions. The objective is to deter a motorist from driving drunk in the first place, rather than booking him later,\" said additional commissioner (traffic) Brijesh Singh.Besides this, notices will be served to pub and bar owners, holding them contributorily negligent if their patrons are caught drunk driving.\"The pubs and bars are points of origin and the managements needs to take responsibility to prevent patrons from getting behind the wheel drunk. The managements will be asked to put up boards asking patrons not to mix drinking and driving. In case a patron is found drunk driving, we will write to licensing authorities to consider cancelling the police licence of a pub or bar where he consumed liquor,\" an official said.This year has seen a 10-year low in the number of accidental deaths on roads, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749702", "title": "Gangrape case: Anger refuses to die down", "text": "JAIPUR: The anger over rape incident in Delhi refuses to die down anywhere, including Jaipur. On Monday, several groups and individuals protested in a peaceful manner at Statue Circle in the evening. A group under the banner of Pukkar marched around the circle holding placards and banners.The activists contended that they want to maintain the momentum for two reasons: to put pressure on the government to enforce stricter laws and create fear among the unscrupulous elements to not even think of teasing a girl. \"We have gathered here to remind that civil society is still alive and sensitive on these issues,\" said Sagarika Kasliwal, a fashion designer.Suparna Saha who is pursuing majors in economics from International College for Girls (ICG) said, \"It's a shameful act. I am from Delhi and could recount several incidents of eve-teasing. Prior to this incident, I had no courage to protest but now the national outrage has filled me with enough confidence to drag the bad elements and expose them in public.\"During the day, both boys and girls of Bhawani Niketan College staged a rally and jammed the Sikar Road for an hour causing inconvenience to hundreds of commuters. \"This is not inconvenience but provoking them to think on this issue,\" said Giriraj Singh Shekawat, a student leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17751352", "title": "Tata firms invited to West Bengal's industry meet", "text": "KOLKATA: After leaving the Tatas out of the invitation list for the CM's interaction with industry leaders in New Delhi last week, the state government has done a rethink and invited the Tata Group to Bengal Leads, the Mamata Banerjee regime's annual industry conclave.Setting aside the legal wrangle with the Tatas in the Singur dispute, state commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee has sent a warm welcome to Tata Group companies - Tata Ceramics , Tata Ryerson and TCS - but not Tata Motors , which shifted out of the Nano compound in 2008 to set up shop in Gujarat.Bengal Leads is being held in Haldia this time and will be inaugurated by Mamata on January 15.New industrial policy early next yearState officials pointed out some Tata Group firms had set up stalls at Bengal Leads held in Kolkata last year. Tata officials were also present at the Diwali dinner hosted by the CM at Ballygunge Park.The decision to organize Bengal Leads 2013 at Haldia was taken months ago to promote Haldia as an industry friendly destination. The government is likely to showcase the meet to build pressure on the Centre to lift the ban on new industry in the area. The CM and her colleagues had earlier written to the Centre against the ban with detail on the falling pollution index and the government's plan to expand the green cover in Haldia.However, the appeal didn't make a difference. State officials believe Bengal Leads will boost Haldia's image as a favourable industry destination after its image took a beating when Haldia Bulk Terminals pulled out of the Haldia Port.What's more, the Mamata Banerjee government will come up with its new industrial policy in early 2013. The CM on Monday took stock of the preparations of the Bengal Leads programme at Writers' Buildings with the state industries minister and other officials. Few industrialists were also present in the meeting.\"Bengal Leads will be held from January 15 to 17 at the helipad ground in Haldia. I will visit Haldia within a few days,\" Chatterjee said. The minister will also hold talks with Haldia Development Authority chairman and local Trinamool Congress MP from Tamluk Subhendu Adhikary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17749898", "title": "Indian MBA students world\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s most academically distinguished: Survey", "text": "BANGALORE: It is students from IIM-Bangalore, not from Harvard or Stanford or even MIT, who excel at GMAT, the entrance test for the creme de la creme of B-schools across the world.According to the QS Global 200 Business Schools report, Indian MBA candidates are the world's most academically distinguished, with students of the IIM-B, scoring the highest average of 780. IIM-B students are ahead of the leading US institution Stanford and INSEAD in Europe, the survey said.While the average GMAT score of Stanford is 730, INSEAD lies at 704. Second to IIM-B students in GMAT score are their counterparts from IIM, Ahmedabad with 767.The survey says, \"IIM Ahmedabad is notable for the extraordinarily high average GMAT scores of its students, with its figure of 767 exceeded only by fellow Indian institution, IIM Bangalore (780). This places the two ahead of any North American or European school for the academic quality of their student intake. The fact that students enrolled at both schools have an average of just two years of professional experience underlines the tendency for academically gifted students to move quickly on to the MBA qualification at the outset of their careers, rather than using it to up-skill at mid career, as is more common in Europe and North America.\"IIM-B also appears in the survey as one of the emerging global business schools across the world, overtaking Melbourne Business School.\"It is the testimony to high quality talent that our country has. It is no surprise that Indian students have outscored others from across the globe. What is needed now is the establishment of premier institutes like Harvard and Stanford in India as well, so that these young minds could express their intelligence in best possible manner. This is possible only when full autonomy is provided to the universities,\" said T V Mohandas Pai, chairman, Manipal Global Education Services.\"At the time of independence, our universities at Mumbai, Chennai, Calcutta, Mysore and Baroda were among the top 200 in the world. Today, they do not fare in any ranking at all. This is the result of bad government policy. Full autonomy, independent board of governors and focus on research are the factors crucial for a good university,\" said Pai.The colleges were also judged on different subjects under their programme. In corporate social responsibility, IIM-B ranked 21 among the top 50 business colleges across the globe, whereas IIM-A grabbed 19th rank.When it comes to emphasis on start-ups and small businesses to kick-start private sector growth ( entrepreneurship ), IIM-B ranked 25 and IIM-A ranked 17. Under 'innovation', IIM-B was placed at 17th with a score of 90.6, whereas IIM-A ranked 13, with a score of 97.4 out of 100.QS is an online and offline meeting place for aspiring managers, B-schools and businesses for career and educational -related decisions.Many leaders in IndiaFor the leadership development programme, four colleges from India feature among top 50 universities. They are: IIM-A, IIM-B, IIM-C and Indian School of Business (ISB).Highlights of the surveySchools ranked for employer reputation in 10 subject specializations. Harvard tops the table in three subjects, ahead of Stanford and MIT with two apiece. Wharton is number one for financeThree Asian schools make the Elite global category: INSEAD Singapore, IIM-A and NUS Business School, National University of SingaporeNo Elite Global schools in either Africa and Middle East, or Latin America", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17753603", "title": "Cricketer Ravindra Jadeja starts restaurant in Rajkot", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Like many of former and present Indian cricketers, Jamnagar-boy and India all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja too followed his seniors' footsteps and has opened a restaurant in Rajkot recently. \"I have launched the restaurant in a big way in Rajkot. It was declared open for food lovers on December 12, though I wasn't present as I was with the Indian team practising in Nagpur,\" he said. \"Though I hail from Jamnagar, I've a special attachment for Rajkot. This city's people are particularly fond of food and various delicacies and hence the decision to start a restaurant in Rajkot.\" Jadeja revealed there were reasons why he chose to declare the restaurant open for public on December 12. \"Obviously it was a numerically special day - 12.12.12. But apart from that, I consider 12 as my lucky number. I was also born in the 12th month of the year - December 6, 1988. I always wear No 12 jersey. And I was also picked for Test cricket in the 12th month of 2012,\" he said.The ethnic-looking restaurant, called Jaddu's Food Field, is on the plush Kalawad Road of the city. Spacious and tastefully decorated, it is dominated by cricketing theme. The entrance, the walls, the roof, the tables and many other things besides make you feel that you are surrounded by cricket culture of sorts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17751160", "title": "Girl succumbs to dengue in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: A 13-year-old girl, who had been suffering from dengue, succumbed at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) here on Monday. Swasthiga, 13, daughter of Natarajan of Anna Street in Palanganatham, tested positive for dengue and succumbed in the morning. Sources from the hospital said she had been suffering from fever for several days. She was treated in a private hospital in Madurai before being admitted in GRH on Saturday afternoon. Since she was found with symptoms of dengue, her blood sample was collected and sent to a virology lab in the Department of Microbiology in Madurai Medical College.The results obtained on the next day confirmed dengue. The girl was isolated and the required treatment was provided to her. Her condition deteriorated on Sunday night following which intensive treatment was provided. However, the girl succumbed to dengue with shock syndrome at 8.45 am, not responding to the treatment, said doctors from the hospital.Meanwhile, Manimegalai, 13, another girl succumbed to suspected dengue in the hospital. Manimegalai, daughter of Pandiaraj of Sandhaiyur from Peraiyur block in the district, had been suffering from fever. She was taken to a hospital in Srivilliputhur for treatment, where her health condition did not improve. She was brought to GRH on Sunday night. However, she died on Monday morning not responding to the treatment.Doctors, who treated the girl, said her platelet count was more than 1.5 lakh and that her health condition was not very bad. They thought she would be alright in two days. However, her health condition suddenly started to deteriorate in the morning. Within a few hours, Manimegalai succumbed, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750366", "title": "DU council okays 4-year degree", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come 2013, Delhi University will offer a new-look undergraduate programme to its aspirants. The four-year undergraduate degree programme got its first statutory approval paving the way for the varsity to go ahead with the radical changes in its academic structure on Monday.The Academic Council, amidst dissent from six members (including five elected teachers representatives), passed the new structure of undergraduate study at DU. DU will now work towards replacing its three-year undergraduate honours programme with a four-year programme with provisions for a bachelors (non-honours) degree in three years and an associate degree in two years from the 2013-14 session.The AC meeting started at 9 am and at the end of 10 hours of deliberations the council passed the resolution approving recommendations of the 61-member committee appointed by the vice-chancellor of DU, Dinesh Singh, with a mandate to plan a structure for the four-year programme. The AC also passed a resolution authorising the VC to set up a committee of college teachers for preparing the structure of the interdisciplinary and foundation courses. A 23-point recommendation list is being placed for consideration by the AC. Five of the 19 elected teachers' representatives dissented. Interestingly, the AC meeting also had an unprecedented 40 special invitees and all were part of the 61-member task force. Alleging that the VC has been exercising undemocratic means to \"forcibly\" pass the resolution, AC member Sheo Dutt said: \"I received the agenda paper last night and had no time to even have a proper reading of the same. We are not against reform but all changes are not reform. Unfortunately, the task force members are allowed to comment and given extra time to speak which is illegal and unprecedented in an AC meeting.\"The four-year UG programme with multiple degrees will be introduced from the academic session 2013-14. While a section of teachers are alleging violation of Regulation 16A-4 of DU Act, Singh clarified that what has been approved is the structure of the programme and not the courses. The courses will be passed by the committee of courses in each department before seeking the AC's approval, he is learnt to have told members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750750", "title": "Bopal builder arrested in land scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A builder was arrested by Bopal police officials in connection with land scam on Monday. Police have started search for two other accused in the case.According to Bopal police officials, Kishor Prajapati, a resident of Bopal, had purchased four plots in Shanti Cooperative Society, a scheme floated by Radhe Builders in 1995 at Shola village near Sanand. At that time, he was promised that the plot possession would soon be given to him and that the land was title clear.\"When the buyers went for registration, they got to know that the land had already been sold to somebody else and could not be transferred. Moreover, it was an agricultural land that could not be used for construction. Prajapati and two had filed a complaint in the matter, whereas 18 others signed the application against the builders,\" said a Bopal police official.Prajapati had filed a complaint against Ashish Patel, his father Praful Patel and partner Nilesh Trivedi for cheating and breach of trust. Police got the documents for the plots and after the verification, arrested Ashish Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753563", "title": "Samar release postponed", "text": "Vishal starrer 'Samar' directed by Thiru with Trisha and Suniana in the lead which was initially scheduled to release for the Christmas weekend on 28th December has been postponed to a later date. The film is likely to hit the screens for Pongal next year which has music is by Yuvan Shankar Raja and cinematography handled by Richard M. Nathan.Director Thiru had confirmed in his micro blog by tweeting \" Samar will not be releasing on 28th December, pushed the release for better date.\"The story of the film in a nutshell is about Vishal, a trekking guide, who due to circumstances has to go to Bangkok where he is drawn into certain incidents that change his life. Trisha plays a Tamil girl working abroad who is the pivot around which the film revolves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750761", "title": "NRI killed in Pirana village", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An 85-year-old NRI was killed in Pirana village on Sunday allegedly by a resident of the same village. Police identified the deceased as Pravin Rabari and the accused as Rohit Patel.Rabari was settled in the US with his family for the past 40 years. However, since the last eight months, he was back in the village to look after agriculture land he owned. He looked after the farm land with the help of his son Ramesh, who too had come down to India with his father from the US.On Sunday afternoon, the farm labourers saw a pool of blood just outside Rabari's house. They entered the house and found him lying on the floor. His head was bleeding profusely. The labourers and residents of Pirana village rushed him to the V S Hospital, but he succumbed to his injuries.The complaint was filed with the Aslali police. The labourers told cops that amid the din, they saw one Rohit Patel, who too is a resident of Pirana village, escape from the scene of crime. Police detained Patel and questioned him. During interrogation, Patel confessed to the crime and said that he had killed Rabari with the intention to rob him. On the fateful day when he saw his son Ramesh at the bus stop, he thought that Rabari must be alone at his home and it was a right time to rob him. Patel said that he had hit Rabari on his head with sharp equipment. Though Rabari was not killed instantaneously, fearing arrest, Patel dealt him a second blow.However, Rabari's family members refused to buy this version, indicating towards conspiracy of contract killing. They alleged financial irregularities by the administrators of Rabari's farm and said that some insider must have conspired to bump him off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17751171", "title": "Goa state pollution control board to inspect Sesa's Navelim plant on Dec 27", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) on Monday assured villagers of Navelim-Bicholim that it will conduct an inspection of Sesa Goa's coke oven plant and check on dust pollution in the vicinity on December 27.Around 30 Navelim villagers on Monday gheraoed GSPCB chairman Jose Manuel Noronha and complained about noise and dust pollution in the locality. A total of 1,001 villagers signed a memorandum which was submitted to the GSPCB chairman.Speaking to TOI, Noronha said \"We have decided to conduct the inspection to monitor dust pollution due to Sesa Goa's coke oven plant on December 27\".He further said that the board will also hold a meeting in the first week of the new year to discuss the issue in detail. \"The Sanquelim MLA, member of village panchayats and local villagers will be called for the meeting,\" said Noronha.Navelim villagers, in their memorandum, stated that 'new plants of Sesa Goa Ltd situated in survey no 120/1, 177 (part), 205 and 207 in the village of Navelim, have been causing obnoxious noise pollution, which is a blatant violation of Noise Pollution (Regulation and Control) Rules, 2000'.Sesa Goa Ltd has also been carrying out transportation of coke through tipper trucks from its old pig iron plant at Amona to factories through public roads which has been causing dust pollution, the Navelim villagers stated.'In light of the above circumstances, we humbly request your kind authority to carry out necessary inspection of the said factories and take necessary penal action against the company,' the memorandum stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749626", "title": "Cold wave grips north, death toll touches 11", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cold wave was relentless in most parts of north India on Monday, claiming six more lives and taking the death toll in the past three days to 11. As predicted by the met department, temperatures remained low and residents of New Delhi, who went to bed on a fog-enveloped Sunday night, woke up to a foggy morning and a cloudy sky.UP has been the worst-hit, with the total number of deaths due to cold touching 10 in three days. Two people lost their lives in Bahraich district while one each was killed in Gonda, Kannauj and Farrukhabad since Sunday. The maximum temperature was below normal by 5-13 degree Celsius in parts of the state, the met department said. Lucknow recorded its coldest day of the past one year on Sunday when maximum temperature dropped to 11.6 degrees Celsius, 11 degrees below normal.There was some relief on Monday due to sunshine in the afternoon. Earlier three people, including a woman, had died in Ballia district, one death each was reported from Maharajganj and Barabanki districts.In Jammu, a beggar died due to cold conditions in Samba district. In New Delhi a blanket of fog reduced visibility, while the minimum temperature was recorded at 7.7 degrees C, Met department said, forecasting a foggy morning for Tuesday.Dense fog affected air and rail traffic in Rajasthan, with the maximum impact being felt in Jaipur. Two Jaipur-bound flights were diverted and at least six early morning trains arrived late at Jaipur railway station. Mount Abu and Churu were the coldest areas recording a minimum temperature of 3.8 and 5.1 degree Celsius respectively. Uttarakhand's hill districts bucked the trend, basking in sunshine.Met director Anand Sharma described weather conditions as pleasant for tourists coming to Mussoorie, Nainital, Mukteshwar, and Ranikhet to celebrate the New Year. Sachin Tendulkar came to Mussoorie with his family on Sunday. Despite clear skies, there is no respite from the bone-chilling cold across the plains of Punjab and Haryana. An aged person was found dead under a bus shelter near Red Cross office in Bhiwani town of Haryana. Extreme cold conditions also resulted in the death of a migrant labourer in Reckong Peo town of Kinnaur district in Himachal few days back. Budhnath belonged to Ghumla district of Jharkhand and was working as a labourer in Reckong Peo.In Himachal, the minimum temperature at high altitude areas is hovering between -1 to -10 degrees Celsius. Keylong town of Lahaul-Spiti district in HP is the coldest place in the state with minimum temperature hitting below -8 degrees Celsius. With 'white Christmas' giving yet another miss to tourist towns of Himachal, the New Year eve is expected to get some snow as Shimla Met department has predicted change in weather conditions after December 26 with rain and snow predicted.Bihar was also hit by a cold wave and thick fog, disrupting rail and air services. A number of trains, including the Delhi-Patna Rajdhani Express, were late by several hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750288", "title": "FIR filed against Ramdev, ex-army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: After two days of protests at India Gate and Rajpath, Delhi Police has registered five cases, including one naming yoga guru Baba Ramdev and former Army chief General V K Singh for allegedly provocating the crowd at Jantar Mantar on Sunday. Nine people were arrested on Monday based on video footage but got bail.The Delhi Police brass, which made the India Gate area out of bounds on Monday by blocking all access to it and closing down nine Metro stations, said it should not have allowed people into that zone on Sunday as well.Top cops said the crowd on Sunday had drunk youths and criminals who had nothing to do with the genuine protest and became uncontrollable, prompting the 'one-the-spot' lathicharge order. At least 150 people, including several police personnel, were injured.Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar told a TV channel on Monday that he was not under any pressure to resign and would continue to work till the government had faith in him. He also refused to apologize for the police action, saying, \"If an innocent person has come to harm, I apologize. I feel sorry for that. But I do not apologize for what the police did there.\" People do not have the right to protest in an area where Section 144 CrPC has been imposed and where preparations for January 26 (Republic Day) are going on, he added.On the demands for his resignation, he said, \"If we do only police bashing, it is not going to lead us anywhere. If sacking the police commissioner improves the safety of women, do it every day.\"The five cases include one at Parliament Street police station for Saturday's violence where people tried to break the barricades and enter Rashtrapati Bhavan. For Sunday's protests, two FIRs have been registered at the same police station \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one for the violence by alleged CPM supporters near Rail Bhavan and the other for violence by Ramdev's supporters at Jantar Mantar while trying to head for India Gate. Ramdev and V K Singh have been named in the FIR, alleging, \"despite police requests, they broke the barricades and tried to go to India Gate and injured police officers\".The third FIR on Sunday was registered at Connaught Place police station for an attack on a traffic constable by some protesters.For the violent protests on Sunday evening, Delhi Police has registered a case of rioting and attempt to murder at Tilak Marg police station. All the nine arrested were involved the Tilak Marg case but they have got bail.Police are gathering evidence through news channels and media photos even as Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde said more arrests were likely.On Sunday, Delhi Police had deployed 15 companies of Delhi Armed Police, RAF, CRPF and one company of each district police. Senior officers said they had to face a violent and unruly crowd the whole day. \"It was a conglomerate of small groups. There were drunk men, people using petrol to make bonfires with public property and on Saturday, they had even tried to break the gate of Parliament. They should understand that India Gate and Vijay Chowk are not a place to protest,\" said special commissioner of police Dharmendra Kumar.Around 250 teargas shells used by police on Sunday were said to have expired in 2009 but senior officers say they are not harmful. For future protests, sources said, they are now planning to procure different kinds of shells containing itching chemicals to quell such violent protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17749080", "title": "Former Assam speaker sent to jail", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Chief Judicial Magistrate's court of Nalbari on Monday sentenced former Assam speaker Pulakesh Baruah and three others to two years in jail in connection with a case of illegal appointment of teachers in Nalbari district in 1996.\"Baruah, the then MLA in the Barkhetri circle and chairman of Nalbari district teachers' selection board, along with Satish Sarma and Amalendu Choudhury, the then district education officers, were convicted for appointing high school and higher secondary teachers illegally,\" said Abdul Mazid, counsel of an accused in the case. The CJM also slapped a fine of Rs 20,000 each on the trio.The CJM also sentenced three other government officials to four months of jail in the same case. However, the lower court allowed 30 days time to the convicts to appeal in a higher court. The then Nalbari district inspector of schools and an accused in the case, Prashanna Kalita, died during the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751425", "title": "National Investigative Agency picks one more from Depalpur", "text": "INDORE: National Investigative Agency (NIA) has reportedly picked another man from Depalpur area here on Monday. However, his identity is still not clear.SDOP, Depalpur, Shaligram Sankhedia confirmed that NIA team visited Depalpur. However, he expressed unawareness about the development. He said that he does not know whether NIA sleuths have arrested anyone or not.Sources said that NIA team has picked one Tejram from tehsil compound of Depalpur in the afternoon.Superintendent of Police (SP), head quarter, Dr Ashis said that he has no official information about NIA visit of Depalpur on Monday.Recently, the NIA sleuths had arrested Dashrath Chaudhary alias Samunder Singh, an alleged key accused in the 2007 Samjhauta blast case, from Nagda in Ujjain district on December 15.Dashrath, 32, a resident of Depalpur (near Indore), was arrested from his relative's house in Piplauda Bagda village near Nagda, by a 9-member NIA team.After two days of his arrest, the NIA sleuths arrested one Dhan Singh, accused in the 2008 Malegaon blast, from Kamta village in Satna district. Dhan Singh alias Baba Ram Lakad Das, was arrested by the Satna district police in execution of arrest warrant against him by NIA. He was living in a rented accommodation at Kamta village as a saint for the last three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17750882", "title": "Five rapists convicted through speedy trial in 2012", "text": "PATNA: Altogether five accused of rape cases were convicted through speedy trial in 2012. Out of them, three were sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment while two were awarded jail term for seven years.One Munna Sarkar was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment in a rape case lodged with Phulwarisharif police station in 2011. He said that in another case of rape, one Upendra Kumar Singh was awarded 10 years imprisonment and the case was lodged in 2009 with Bihta police station.Moreover, 1,004 accused were convicted through speedy trial by different courts located in Patna district. These courts are located in Barh, Patna City, Danapur, Civil Court, Patna, and Masaurhi.Headquarters DSP-cum-in charge of speedy trial C P Vidyarthi said that 88 accused were sentenced life imprisonment while 132 were awarded imprisonment for less than 10 years and more than two years. He said that 772 got imprisonment for less than two years and 12 accused were awarded 10 years' imprisonment.In two cases of kidnapping for ransom, Vidyarthi said, the courts awarded life imprisonment to four accused and 12 were given life term in dacoity-cum-murder case.The DSP said that one Akhileshwar Prasad Singh alias Madan Singh was sentenced to life term in Kumkum Verma murder case, lodged with the Shashtrinagar police station. Verma was stabbed to death inside her flat in Venus Sri Apartment at Punaichak in broad daylight on January 3, 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750106", "title": "Central Delhi lockdown leaves commuters clueless", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after young protesters were evicted from India Gate and Rajpath with water cannons, tear gas and lathis, Delhi Police clamped down on the entire area to prevent them from returning. In an unprecedented development, all access roads to India Gate were closed on Monday and traffic diverted to already choking arteries like Mathura Road and Minto Road. Combined with the indefinite closure of nine Metro stations - in order to prevent the protesters from assembling - this lockdown in the heart of the city left commuters clueless. Going to the ministries, Connaught Place and beyond it became a feat for the day as traffic slowed down. Mediapersons were also not allowed near India Gate or Raisina Hill and were asked to go to Pragati Maidan.If a dense fog and Russian President Vladimir Putin's movement added to the chaos in the morning, the breakdown of a bus on the Moolchand flyover and closing down of one carriageway of the Kalindi Kunj flyover for repairs - Mathura Road took the maximum load of the traffic headed for DND - only compounded the problems. With chartered buses staying off the roads against \"police high-handedness'' and nine Metro stations off-limits, thousands struggled to reach their destinations while others were forced to return home.``By 6 am, our men had taken up strategic locations and section 144 imposed in the entire New Delhi area. This will continue indefinitely till we feel there is no threat to law and order,'' a top Delhi cop said. By the time day broke, 6000 men were guarding the entry points to India Gate with another 4000 elsewhere. Two different security rings were created with heaviest deployment in the inner ring.Office-goers and students were the most affected. Rajpath, including Central Vista, India Gate (C-Hexagon), Rafi Marg, Janpath and Man Singh Road were closed for traffic. Plying of buses on Mathura Road, between Neela Gombud Nizamuddin and W-point was stopped and traffic diverted on Ring Road. Similarly, the schedule of buses plying from Central Secretariat got disrupted.The worst affected stretches were Shantipath, Teen Murti, Willingdon Crescent, SP Marg, RML Hospital lane, Subramanium Bharti Marg, Lodhi Road, Windsor Place, Mandi House and Rail Bhawan. By evening, the Ashram intersection on Ring Road was choking. Dhaula Kuan at the other end was equally jammed with few access roads available for motorists. Commuters trying to reach CP from Pragati Maidan or Jorbagh were charged hefty sums by three-wheelers.In view of the incidents of the past two-three days, the venue of the meeting between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Russian President Vladimar Putin had been shifted to the Race Course residence of the PM. Usually, such meetings are held in Hyderabad House which is close to India Gate, the scene of the protests. However, this same excuse was used in the morning to close the area. Police blocked Rafi Marg (from both sides) and one carriageway of Ashoka Road, Copernicus Marg and other stretches around India Gate.Employees had a tough time reaching their offices in Krishi Bhavan, Shastri Bhavan, Rail Bhavan and Nirman Bhavan as police did not allow them to cross Rajpath with even buses being diverted through longer routes. There was heavy barricading on Rafi Marg and Raisina Road and employees heading for South Block and North Block had to argue with policemen and show their identity cards to them. People heading for Connaught Place from south and east Delhi and vice versa faced severe problems in reaching their destinations.The public reaction was one of shock and anger. Even as Delhi Police updated its Facebook site on the blockade, angry citizens vent their anger questioning how police could dictate the right to movement of its citizens. The anger soon spilled on to the streets too. Niharika Mittal, a resident of Preet Vihar, said it took her half-an-hour to get to Barakhamba Road from the Sikandra Road intersection turning to Mandi House. ``It took close to 45 minutes to an hour just to reach the Mandi House roundabout from the Sikandra Road turn because traffic was crawling. Then the traffic was so heavy at the roundabout, it took another half-an-hour at least just to reach the Barakhamba Road turn. I even tried calling the traffic helpline to ask what routes should be avoided but couldn't,\" she said.Aakhi Daftuar, a student, suggested the cops should stop thinking about the VIPs. ``When VIPs move, we are shut out. When we try to organize protests, we are again shut out. Are the public roads really meant for the common man?'' she asked after she got stuck near the ITO intersection for over an hour.Times viewShutting down the heart of a city cannot be standard operating procedure for a police dealing with protests. Unfortunately, in the case of Delhi, that seems to be becoming the case. True, the Delhi Police is groping for ways of dealing with a new kind of protests, one which is largely leaderless and spontaneous. So the old rules of engaging with the leaders of organised protest actions cannot be used in these situations. But that is no reason for such a panic-stricken response. The police may use Sunday evening's violence to justify the shutdown, but the fact is that Metro stations had been ordered shut much before the violence happened. Indeed, the frustration at not being allowed to protest peacefully may have contributed to the violence, though it does not justify it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17750139", "title": "Lissy offers to prove Varkey is not her dad", "text": "KOCHI: Actress Lissy Priyadarshan has claimed before the Kerala high court that N D Varkey is not her father and that she is willing to prove it.The contention was raised by the actress in an appeal filed against a single bench's order asking her to deposit Rs1.15 lakh towards maintenance arrears.Lissy has stated that Varkey is not her father and he was not known to her for the past 45 years. Further, she has submitted that she is willing to prove that Varkey is not her father. She has only her mother and she is willing to pay maintenance for her mom, she has told the court. Though contempt of court proceedings initiated against the actress was dropped through an order on November 16, the interim direction of the court to deposit maintenance money still exists. Therefore, the interim order should be withdrawn, she has pointed out in the appeal.The actress was exempted from being proceeded for contempt of court based on an affidavit by her pointing out that the maintenance money due to her father has already been deposited. The affidavit was filed in response to justice BP Ray's order terming the actress' non-appearance as \"unbecoming\" behaviour. Lissy, through the affidavit, had told the court that she didn't appear before the court due to fear of the media and not due to disrespect to the court.Based on Varkey's complaint, the actress was directed to pay Rs5,500 per month towards maintenance of her father by Thodupuzha revenue divisional officer, who is the tribunal designated by Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act of 2007.Now, Lissy's contention is that the tribunal's order was ex parte and her appeal to the district collector, who is the appellate authority under the Act, is pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750329", "title": "APHB to auction school land", "text": "HYDERABAD: At a time when the city is crying for lung space, the Andhra Pradesh Housing Board (APHB), has decided to put up land earmarked for amenities and school in its layouts in Kukatpally and Chintal (Jeedimetla) for auction. APHB wants to make money out of the land meant for public amenities such as a community hall or a library.The board, which hardly cares to provide public amenities, is now hoping to raise about Rs 20 crore for the 3,433 square yard land at Balajinagar near Kukatpally. Another 3,242 sq yard land at Chintal would also go under the hammer. Though the upset price for the Balajinagar land is Rs 20,000 per sq yard, it is likely to fetch about Rs 50,000 per sq yard. On the other hand, the upset price for the land reserved for a school near MIG-II plot numbers 12 and 13 in Chintal is Rs 16,000 per sq yard. APHB officials expect the land to fetch at least Rs 25,000 per sq yard. APHB official said eight plots, four each in Balajinagar and Chintal, would be auctioned on January 9, 2013.Though officials claim that the board is clearly stating that the land earmarked for amenities should be used for the purpose it is meant for, the prime land would go into the hands of private owners.On the hand, residents claim instead of creating amenities like library, gym or post office, private parties might construct a building and rent it out for some super bazaar or a private bank. Similarly, the land meant for school would be rented out to a private school instead of giving the premises to a government or aided school or any other government educational institute.The APHB took up the development of the Balajinagar layout in the early 1990s and handed over 600 houses to different categories of allottees in 1995. As it is mandatory to earmark land for open spaces and amenities, the Board had left 3,433 sq yard land. Similarly, Chintal layout was developed with 400 plots of different sizes in 2001 and sold all of them except 17 plots. As 16 plots are in a cluster, the board is planning to construct apartment complexes. Another three plots, which are unsold at various places in the layout, along with 3,242 sq yard land for school would be put up for auction.\"Since APHB does not have funds to construct buildings for amenities, a decision was taken by the Board to auction it with a condition to use the land for public amenities,\" APHB executive engineer (North Division) K Mallikarjun Rao told TOI.Interestingly, APHB is scouting for leftover plots in layouts it had developed and plans to conduct auctions on monthly basis. The APHB had auctioned 14 plots in KPHB phases 4, 6, 9 and 15 last month and raised Rs 12 crore. It could garner Rs 51,333 per square yard against the upset price of Rs 40,000 for a 252-sq yard plot at Phase-9 of KPHB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17749052", "title": "Rush in Jorhat markets", "text": "JORHAT: On Christmas eve, Jorhat town abuzz with activity. A large number of people from neighbouring Nagaland , along with other parts of the northeast, thronged shopping malls in the biggest upper Assam town on Monday to purchase gifts.\"Markets in the town witnessed a heavy rush on Monday due to Christmas. Apart from Assamese, hundreds of Nagas also gathered in the shops here to purchase Christmas gifts ,\" said a shopkeeper at Garali in the town. He added, \"Sales of Santa Clause dolls, stars, Christmas trees, bells and different decorative items have gone up over the years and our sale is better this year than the previous years.''In Jorhat, Christmas has been organized at several churches like Mission compound, Rajabari, Teok, Chinamora, Rowriah and Mohbandha area. Arnab, an organizer of Mission Compound Church, said, \"Like every year, we are organizing a mass prayer on our church campus at 9.30 am on Tuesday on the occasion of Christmas. Thereafter, we perform prayers in every household of our locality.''He also added, \"Like other churches, our church has also been decorated beautifully with flowers and lights for attracting people.\" Other churches in the town have also been decked up for Christmas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17749115", "title": "5-year-old leopard enters house in Veraval town", "text": "RAJKOT: Residents of Somnath Society in Veraval town of Junagadh district had an uninvited guest on Monday morning in the form of a five-year-old leopard. Its presence in a house under construction led to panic amongst the residents of the society.\"Local residents informed us about the leopard entering into the new house and we immediately rushed to the spot. We also called a team from Sasan (Gir) to rescue the wild cat. After an hour and a half rescue operation, it was tranquilized and sent to Sasan Animal Rescue Centre,'' said B V Padsala, Range Forest Officer, Veraval forest range.The news about the leopard drew a large crowd to the site. Forest officials said that it may have come from Veraval bypass road towards the city area. While there were rumours about a woman being injured by a leopard, the forest officials said that they did not have any such information.\"There are leopard habitats beyond Veraval bypass road and it is likely that during the night the leopard may have come into the city area in search of prey,\" said Padsala. Forest officials said there are about 17 leopards in Veraval and Sutrapada forest ranges. There have been instances of leopards straying into Veraval town in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750424", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLove &amp; meditation can help beat stress\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "HYDERABAD: Love and meditation can help people especially women beat stress at workplace and be at peace, experts at the World Parliament on Spirituality said. With the rising amount of work pressure, people can also beat the stress by just going to a place of worship which can even be the sacred nook of their home, they said at the five-day event, which concluded in the city on Saturday.\"The only way to be truly happy is to have a genuine feeling of love. Love deeply, love your spouse, love your friends and even love your neighbour and money will automatically follow\", Dr Paula Fellingham, Founder of The Women's Information Network, said.Organised by World United, a non-profit foundation which focuses on global spiritual transformation, the conference brought together over a hundred spiritual speakers and 2,000 delegates from various parts of the world. It aimed in bringing spirituality a step closer to people and imbibing it in several arenas, including business, environment, media and women's empowerment.If the primary focus is on how to get rich, people often do not know what to do with their lives, some of the delegates said. \"The society is motivated by anger, fear and stress. Naturally, people cannot be happy\", said Sunil Sharma, a spiritual master and founding president of the Mediation Institute in USA.\"By doing what you should do and not by trying to take over others, you will be able to lead a happy life\", he said. People who do not have a spiritual quotient suffer from diseases which weaken the mind and manifest in the bodies, said others.\"In an experiment conducted by Duke University, where some people were observed for 20 years, 25% of them who visited a place of worship were less likely to die early\", said Sadhvi Bhagawati, president of Divine Shakti Foundation (a charitable institution which works to uplift women) and an ex-graduate of Stanford University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17750136", "title": "The importance of being Innocent", "text": "KOCHI: The ring tone takes you back in time. \"Sagaram manasillundenkilum, karayuvaan njangalil kannu neerilla -- a sea of sorrow churns our hearts but we've no tears to cry.\" The lyrics are from the 1993 film Kabuliwala that features Innocent and Jagathy, both currently recouping from individual tragedies, and you cannot ignore the irony.Before the ring tone repeats a second time a tired voice greets you. It has the oh-so-familiar Thrissur-slang but lacks the usual crispness. \"This is the happiest Christmas season I've ever celebrated,'' says Innocent, who completed another round of chemotherapy last week. \"Tender coconut water leaves a blank taste. Rice and curry looks tasteless, odourless combo. I keep vomiting. I'm totally disoriented, exhausted and drowsy. But I love this Christmas,'' he says.Lest he be mistaken for having become sentimental, the celebrated comedian clarifies that he's hardly being philosophical. \"It's not because I think life has come full circle. I've cried on many a Christmas eve when plans have gone haywire. Minor incidents and insults hurt me. But now it looks so silly that I allowed trivia to scar me. And today, when faced with a graver reality, am not hurt. I'm not scared, but blissfully happy to soak in yuletide once again.''The best gift? \"Well, I would say it is the insight to understand people. Earlier, guests would stream in. They expected me to serve unadulterated humour with drink and snacks. But many now grow restless when I narrate my discomfort. They excuse themselves and leave. But some stay and pacify me. They are the real friends.''He feels Christmas, like Onam, is patch-up time. \"A 100 gm cake, a warm smile and a two-word greeting can win a heart. That's Santa's magic.'' For Innocent, whose voice is used by many a mimicry artist to introduce Lord Mahabali to Kerala through their stand-up comedy year after year, Santa is Maveli in red garb. \"Or Maveli is Santa in mundu-veshti. Both bring love, hope and message of bonding.''He is using intervals between chemotherapy to cement his bonding with childhood friends and family members. I'm not done with this life yet. I am still ambitious and want to be back on screen. Many more dreams remain. It's not about becoming popular or making more money but to reach out to the needy through the Alpha Pain and Palliative Care Centre.''Innocent has suddenly realised that a lot more needs to be done. \"We should never lose the impulse to love and be loved. That's all we need to imbibe from this season of perpetual hope,\" the man who has made us laugh so much says innocently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753638", "title": "Actors that took Bollywood by storm in 2012", "text": "If Salman Khan ruled the roost in 2012, his rivals Shah Rukh Khan and Aamir Khan too made a mark. But the year also saw actors like Irrfan, Manoj Bajpayee and Nawazuddin Siddiqui rising and shining on film firmament, thanks to their flawless performances.From playing a rowdy cop to a deaf-mute boy or bringing alive a real-life gangster on screen - actors donned various avatars and entertained movie buffs throughout the year.Here are top 10 actors of the year 2012:Salman Khan: The actor continued to be on the top with two hits - Ek Tha Tiger and Dabangg 2 . His portrayal of an Indian spy in Ek Tha Tiger and a corrupt yet benevolent cop Chulbul Pandey in Dabangg 2 was received well by the movie buffs and helped makers earn big bucks at the box-office.Ranbir Kapoor: After Rockstar , this Kapoor scion continued to take the legacy forward with Barfi! . He made people laugh and cry with his heart-warming portrayal of a deaf and mute boy Murphy in the film directed by Anurag Basu. The role required him to showcase different emotions without speaking a word, and the actor excelled in it.  Aamir Khan: Though Aamir's suspense thriller Talaash opened to mixed response, his midas touch helped the film earn profits at the box-office, both, in India and in the overseas market. Critics felt script was not impressive, but Aamir's portrayal of a police personnel trying to solve a murder case while mourning his 11-year-old son's death impressed his fans.Shah Rukh Khan: Critics felt that Shah Rukh has outgrown lover boy roles. In Jab Tak Hai Jaan , Yash Chopra's last directorial venture, more than his romantic avatar, people loved him as an army personnel. The film opened to mixed response despite the huge buzz around SRK's pairing with Katrina Kaif for the first time.Akshay Kumar: Khiladi Kumar batted as many as five hits. He had six outings this year - Housefull 2 , Rowdy Rathore , Joker , Oh My God and Khiladi 786 . Except for Joker , all the Akshay-starrers raked not only earned profit, but some even entered the Rs.100 crore club. From doing hardcore action stunts to tickling the audiences' funny bones or donning the garb of 'god', Akshay happily brought forth different aspects of his personality through different roles and viewers lapped it up.  Ajay Devgn: After Singham and Golmaal 3 , Rohit Shetty gave Ajay a distinct style in Bol Bachchan - his witty one-liners and Hindi to English translations, took audience on a laughter ride. In Son of Sardaar , he donned the garb of a sardaar and walked away with accolades, again. Both his films went on to earn over Rs.100 crore at the box-office.Irrfan: His gripping portrayal of an athlete-turned-gangster won many hearts in the biopic titled Paan Singh Tomar . The two-year wait proved fruitful as the film not only did well at the box-office but also brought critical acclaim for Irrfan from all over the world. It can be said that no one other than Irrfan could play the role with so much conviction that people could feel the emotions.Manoj Bajpayee: The 2012 brought sunshine for Manoj, who was in the oblivion for some time. His power-packed performance as a small town gangster in Anurag Kashyap's successful Gangs of Wasseypur wowed both critics and audience alike. He even excelled as freedom fighter Surya Sen in Bedabrata Pain's much talked about Chittagong that focused on the Chittagong uprising.Nawazuddin Siddiqui: He was there, but nobody noticed the talented actor with unconventional looks till Gangs of Wasseypur happened. His acting capabilities as gangster Faizal Khan in the film made him a star. Nawaz also proved his mettle as an actor with Kahaani and Talaash .Sanjay Dutt: After playing positive roles and doing comedies, Sanjay revived Bollywood's larger than life villain with his role as Kancha Cheena in Agneepath remake. He sent shivers down the spine as the ruthless, cold-blooded Kancha Cheena and his dreadful make-up did the trick. Later in the year he took a U-turn and tickled the funny bones of the audiences in Son Of Sardaar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17750888", "title": "Sachin taught us humility: MS Dhoni", "text": "BANGALORE: Winning in sport is easier than handling the success that can come with it. No one will know it better than MS Dhoni , who before a series of recent losses, was termed as the man with the Midas touch , given his propensity to turn everything he touched into gold. On Monday, at the start of the pre-match conference at the Chinnaswamy Stadium here, the Indian captain, a tad emotional by his normally cool standards, revealed how he was taught to handle success by Sachin Tendulkar .Profile: Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar | In Pics: Sachin's one-day journey\"He showed us how to be humble in life, how to digest success -- which is one of the most difficult things to do,\" said Dhoni after announcing to the media that he would like to say a few words about Tendulkar's retirement from ODIs. \"He guided each one of us and I learnt a lot from him.\"Stating that he and his side would miss seeing Tendulkar make his 50th ODI century Dhoni said, \"He's been an inspiration in encouraging thousands and millions of people to take up the sport. And at the same time he made us learn a lot of things. As youngsters when we came into the side, it was important to see how he prepared himself for each game. For him, every game was a big game.\"Talking about how Tendulkar made a difference to his batting, Dhoni said: \"Whenever I got a chance to bat in the ODI format, I learnt from how he calculated the innings. He told us which bowlers we could target and what the target in the next four or five overs should be.Calling Sachin irreplaceable, Dhoni said the team would miss him. \"But the good thing is that he'll play in Tests. There's still plenty to learn from him.\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749857", "title": "Quacks found involed in many sexual crimes in state", "text": "JAIPUR: Superstitions are posing grave threat to girls and women in various parts of the state. In the past two years, the state has witnessed several cases in which persons claiming to be witch doctors and quacks raped minor girls and women on the pretext of protecting them from evil spirits. Several such self-proclaimed healers are practising from 2-star and 3-star hotels across the city. Lack of stringent laws against them has become dangerous for girls and married women.According to a survey, in Rajasthan at least 50 out of the total number of females raped every year are victims to these quacks and witch doctors.Also, their families are to blame who out of superstition take them to quacks and witch doctors instead of psychiatrists. In the past two years, six women became victims to these quacks.Two years ago, a mentally-challenged girl was raped by a witch doctor for months at the Housing Board Colony in Malviya Nagar. Later, mother of the victim girl sought help from police to get the accused arrested. \"The problem in this case was that even the victim's father was a follower of the Guruji (witch doctor) and while the mother insisted on lodging a case of rape against him, the father felt otherwise. Later, we rescued the girl and arrested persons involved in the case,\" said a senior police officer from Jaipur.In another case, a girl was molested by a quack. \"She used to get up in the middle of the night and cry. We took her to a babaji who said he had a remedy for this ailment and said the girl was possessed by evil spirits. He asked me to go out of the room. After some time, my daughter started crying for help and since the quack's apartment was situated in a crowded locality, many people came to help and we lodged an FIR against the man,\" said Nikita Sharma (name changed), mother of the victim.Police say that they have been organising raids and penalizing these quacks under the Drug and Magic Remedy Act, 1954, but the crime is a bailable offence, thus, they get away with it.\"We soon plan to organise raids against them on a regular basis,\" said BL Soni, commissioner of police.Psychiatrists say that even educated people consult quacks and witch doctors for mental illnesses.\"Many patients come to us after they have failed to get any remedy for their problems from quacks and witch doctors. Believing these untrained people can be dangerous, so people should consult psychiatrists rather than risking their lives,\" said a senior psychiatrist at the Jaipur psychiatry centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748452", "title": "PM promises amicable Sistema solution", "text": "NEW DELHI: Russian President Vladimir Putin and PM Manmohan Singh on Monday circumvented differences over contentious issues to come up with a 13th India-Russia Annual Summit meeting described even by the Russian as \"very successful\" even though Putin did not fail to take up the Sistema issue.In a restricted meeting between the two leaders which lasted for 75 minutes -- longer than the delegation level talks -- Putin told Singh that Russia wanted its concerns over the issue to be taken care of.While reiterating that the issue was pending in court, Singh assured Putin that India will work for an amicable solution. Russian sources said Putin was satisfied with the assurance given by Singh and that the two sides had reached \"complete understanding\" on the issue. The Russian side did not raise the issue in the delegation level talks held immediately after the restricted meeting of the two leaders.In the delegation level talks, Putin told the Indian side that New Delhi's decision to bring the third and fourth units of Kudankulam nuclear reactors under India's nuclear liability law would have implications for the techno-commercial agreement which the two countries are negotiating. Russia is now expected to quote a fresh price for the reactors, Indian sources said.In a statement later, Singh said negotiations for the third and fourth units had made good progress. \"We intend to continue implementing the roadmap for cooperation in the nuclear energy sector that was signed during President Putin's visit in 2010 as the then prime minister of Russia,\" Singh said, describing Putin as the architect of India's strategic partnership with Russia. He said power generation from the first reactor would start shortly and that the second one would be completed next year.Apart from a couple of defence deals for purchase of fighter jets and choppers, the two sides also signed eight other agreements including an MoU which will see SBI and Russian Direct Investment Fund shell out $1 billion each in joint projects. There were other agreements in the fields of science and technology, pharmaceuticals, information technology and cultural exchanges. They also signed an agreement on cooperation in using the GLONASS satellite navigation system.The two sides also discussed a range of international issues like the situation in Afghanistan - the need for them to work together in light of the impending withdrawal of international forces -- and terrorism. They strongly condemned \"those who provide safe havens and sanctuaries for terrorism and reiterated that states that aid, abet or shelter terrorists are as guilty of acts of terrorism as their actual perpetrators\".\"Our consultations in international fora, such as the UN Security Council and BRICS, have deepened during the year. I congratulated President Putin on Russia's assumption of the chair of G-20 . We look forward to working closely with Russia in promoting reform of global economic and international structures of governance,\" Singh said.The two sides expressed concern over the situation emerging around Iran's nuclear programme. They reiterated their call for a comprehensive and long-term settlement of the situation through exclusively political and diplomatic means by promoting dialogue.\"The sides noted in this context that unilateral sanctions are counter-productive,\" the joint statement said. The sides expressed concern over the deteriorating security situation and continuing violence in Syria and called upon all parties to stop violence and engage in all-inclusive national dialogue.Anti-rape stir forces change of venueProtests over the Delhi gang rape on Monday forced the government to shift the venue of the 13th India-Russia Annual Summit from Hyderabad House to 7, Race Course Road. Sources said the decision to shift the venue was taken late on Sunday night.Putin arrived for his meeting with Singh about 20 minutes late in the morning but government sources said this had nothing to do with the change of venue. \"Because the Russian president arrived very late in the night, Russians wanted the meeting to start a little late in any case,\" said a source.While the Russians did not object to the change of venue, they did seem upset with the fact that the room from where the two leaders read out their statements could not accommodate all Russian journalists. Putin was accompanied by more than 50 journalists from Russia but only a handful could be accommodated in the room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749967", "title": "Eviction for road-widening near airport sparks tension", "text": "CHENNAI: Tension prevailed on a stretch of GST Road in front of the airport on Monday morning when state highways department officials began the process of clearing shops and other structures as part of widening the road from the airport to Alandur.When the highways department officials arrived at the spot along with a team of revenue staff and a posse of police for protection to begin the eviction process, they faced a hurdle. Several residents and shop-keepers made a hue and cry and tried to stop the eviction process. However, the highways officials spoke to them and said they had been given enough time to move out.Officials said the notification about the expansion of the road had been served on them a year ago, ample time for the residents to relocate from there.Three earthmovers were used to clear land on a small stretch between the flyover in front of the airport and the old airport gate.The road, which is now 20 metres wide, is being widened to 30 metres. This is expected to ease the traffic congestion on the road, where this particular stretch was a troublesome bottleneck for motorists.Traffic on the stretch was forced to move slowly as the demolition of structures was going on. Highways department officials said the demand to widen the road was a long standing one from police and road users.A policeman manning traffic on the stretch said, \"every day there are huge traffic snarls on this stretch and vehicles move at a snail's pace. With the widening of the road we hope the flow of traffic will become smoother.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17750671", "title": "Cannabis can help make pain more bearable", "text": "LONDON: Cannabis offer relief to some people by making pain more bearable rather than actually reducing it, a new Oxford study has claimed. Using brain imaging, researchers found that the psychoactive ingredient in cannabis reduced activity in a part of the brain linked to emotional aspects of pain.But the effect on the pain experienced varied greatly, they said. Oxford researchers recruited 12 healthy men to take part in their small study, the BBC News reported.Participants were given either a 15mg tablet of THC (delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol) - the ingredient that is responsible for the high - or a placebo. The volunteers then had a cream rubbed into the skin of one leg to induce pain, which was either a dummy cream or a cream that contained chilli - which caused a burning and painful sensation.Each participant had four MRI scans which revealed how their brain activity changed when their perception of the pain reduced. \"We found that with THC, on average people didn't report any change in the burn, but the pain bothered them less,\" said study author Dr Michael Lee .MRI imaging showed reduced activity in key areas of the brain that explained the pain relief which the study participants experienced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17749560", "title": "Abducted girl found at railway station, check-up confirms rape", "text": "ROHTAK: A 13-year-old girl, who was abducted and repeatedly raped by a youth of Bhushan Kalan village of Mahendergarh district, was recovered from Narnaul railway station by the police on Sunday.Identified as Vikram Singh , 24, the accused is absconding and police had sent out parties on his search.Police had registered a case of abduction and rape of the minor girl under section 363 of IPC on a complaint by the girl's family after her medical examination confirmed the sexual assault.Families of the victim as well as the accused hail from Jalaun district of UP and are settled in Bhushan Kalan village for the last eight years.The accused reportedly lured the minor girl, a school dropout, and took her to an undisclosed place on October 24. The victim's family searched for the girl and finally lodged a complaint with police.Narnaul sadar police station SHO Sadhu Ram said on Monday, \"Police launched a hunt and finally traced the girl from Narnaul railway station on Sunday. The girl was taken to the civil hospital where a medical examination confirmed that she was raped. We are enquiring from the girl about the places where she was taken during the last two months and hope to nab the accused soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17750053", "title": "Centre likely to oppose 2-year tenure for state DGP", "text": "CHENNAI: The Centre, it is learnt, is opposed to giving a two-year fixed tenure to the Tamil Nadu director general of police as advised by the Supreme Court because it contravenes the All-India Service Rules, which govern the retirement age of IPS officers.Tamil Nadu had sought the Centre's approval for its decision to give a two-year fixed tenure to DGP K Ramanujam as state police chief, days before he attained superannuation on November 30. Though TN's decision is in line with the Supreme Court's guidelines laid down in the Prakash Singh (former BSF director general) vs the Union of India case in 2006, the Centre is disinclined to give its nod. However, it has not communicated its decision to the state as it would open up a conflict between the Supreme Court order and the All-India Service Rules, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17748589", "title": "'Parents over-indulge kids'", "text": "MUMBAI: The latest instance of a teenager ramming his relative's car into three women has again raised questions on the menace of rash underage driving. While officials are worried about the increasing number of cases, psychiatrists and experts believe it is parents who are to be blamed in most cases for over-indulging their children.\"It is so common now for parents to submit fake certificates for their underage children to get hold of driving licences. They encourage their children to drive small distances in their presence which later gives children the courage to sneak out of their homes without parents' permission and drive around,\" said psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty. He also added that in most cases, it is parents who are to be blamed for indulging their children into such luxury before they are even permitted to do so as per the Indian law. \"What's worse is that parents also show-off about their child's driving abilities, which adds to the over confidence of the juvenile,\" added Shetty.Most experts agreed that the lax attitude of the government for not having a stricter method of checking for the authenticity of certificates provided for driving license. In the wake of the increasing number of rash driving cases amongst teenagers, SVP School in Kandivli (W) started the Road Safety Program this year to train students. However, it is becoming difficult to hold weekly sessions. \"Even the traffic police are not well equipped to teach children about road safety due to lack of staff. They have now started training our staff so that they can teach the students,\" said Sangeeta Srivastava, principal of the school.Other than parental indulgence, peer pressure also leads to such cases, said experts. \"Since parents are giving in to the demands of children, by the time kids are in class X, they come to schools in scooters and bikes. And then, to keep their collars high midst peers, they end up doing various stunts which also leads to disaster,\" said Dr Sanjay Kumawat, from Bombay Psychiatrists Society. \"Parents need to strictly discourage children from indulging in such activities before they are lawfully entitled to do so,\" added Kumawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748553", "title": "Time for action, not just good intentions: President Pranab Mukherjee says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Women's rights organizations on Monday called on President Pranab Mukherjee to press for action against Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar for \"willfully\" failing to put in place measures outlined earlier for safety of women in the Capital.As Mukherjee heard them patiently, agreeing that it was time for \"action and not just words and good intentions\", the women leaders welcomed his receptive attitude with CPM leader Brinda Karat even lauding his assurances as \"quite different from what the prime minister and home minister have been saying all day long\".The women's bodies, including All India Democratic Women's Association, All India Women's Conference, Centre for Women's Development Studies, Joint Women's Programme and YWCA , questioned the delay in filing of challan in court in the gang-rape case even as all the evidence and victim's statement were in.They sought the President's intervention to ensure that the challan was filed immediately. Seeking measures from the central government for meeting all current and future requirements of the girl and her friend who had valiantly fought her rapists, the activists insisted on engaging the services of an able public prosecutor to ensure day-to-day hearing in the case.Pressing for convening of a special session of Parliament to pass a tougher law on rape, the delegation insisted that the Criminal Law (Amendment) Bill, 2012 and other pending bills be replaced with a draft law suggested earlier by the women's bodies, and be taken for consideration. \"If the government wants, the changes can be made to the draft bill and our suggestions incorporated in a single day,\" Karat told TOI soon after calling on the President.In a memorandum of demands submitted to the President, the women's bodies sought responsibility for crimes against women to be fixed at the highest level. \"Action (should be taken) against top police officials in Delhi, including the police commissioner, who have willfully failed to implement the guidelines... for security... of women decided earlier\".These included mapping of areas prone to increased cases of sexual violence, proper street lighting and lighting of all public places such as women's toilets in resettlement colonies, action against all bus, truck and taxi owners who ply vehicles with tinted glasses, and verification of owner and staff of public transport.Protesting the police crackdown on the protestors on Sunday, the women's activists sought Mukherjee's intervention to stop the \"brutal police action and instead bring concrete measures to secure women in public places\".They demanded that all pending rape cases be transferred to fast-track courts and sought punishment for all those providing social and political protection to the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17750519", "title": "Queen Elizabeth gets advance bail", "text": "BANGALORE: Okalipuram corporator Queen Elizabeth was granted anticipatory bail in a forgery case.Allowing her bail plea, high court vacation judge AN Venugopala Gowda told her to surrender her passport before the trial court and execute a personal bond for Rs 50,000.The corporator has to be available for interrogation as and when required on any day between 8am and 6pm and shouldn't make attempts to induce or issue threat/promise to persons acquainted with the facts of the case, the judge said.An FIR was registered against Queen Elizabeth under sections 198 and 420 of the IPC and section 3(1)(ix) of SC/ST(Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989, for allegedly forging documents and obtaining a false caste certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749887", "title": "'Horticulture vacancies not to be filled with agri dept staff'", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has ironed out a major irritant choking the promotion of officers in horticulture department, and has put an end to the system filling up horticulture vacancies with officers brought from agriculture department.Justice D Hariparanthaman, ordering the agriculture department director not to fill any 'deployed posts' in horticulture department from officers brought from agriculture department, said such a practice is illegal and arbitrary.As an immediate fallout of this order the government now cannot implement its January 27 order seeking to deploy 178 assistant director-level officers from agriculture department as assistant directors in horticulture department.The December 24, 2007 order of the government had set an objective to steer the production-oriented farming policy of the Green Revolution-era towards 'producing-for-market' policy. The restructuring of various directorates such as agriculture, horticulture and plantation crops, seed certification, agriculture marketing, etc was part of the process. What the authorities did not foresee was the resultant anomaly in service conditions of employees of different directorates.Due to the restructuring, the staff strength of various directorates, which had become separate departments now, changed significantly. For instance, the assistant director-cadre posts saw a big increase in horticulture department - from just 43, the number of AD-level posts increased to 396. As there was 509 total additional requirement of assistant directors, it was proposed to upgrade agricultural/horticultural officers by following common seniority based on their entry level posts.Of the 509 new posts, 325 came from agriculture department in what is called 'deployed posts', with a condition that at the end of five years they can either continue in horticulture department or return to agriculture department. The present round of litigation was triggered when the director of agriculture sought to retain his lien over appointment of assistant directors in horticulture department from appointing candidates from agriculture department.Noting that the deployment of ADs of agriculture in posts created in horticulture department was a one-time measure, and the power to fill up AD posts in horticulture department would vest with the director of horticulture, the petitioners' counsel said it was an infirmity. Concurring with their submissions, Justice Hariparanthaman said the director of horticulture alone is the competent and authority concerned to fill up posts in his department.While making it clear that he would not sit on judgment over the government's policy fixing five years as deployment period, Justice Hariparanthaman said: \"The vacancies that would arise due to promotion/retirement would be filled by director of horticulture after five years.\" In this regard, he referred to the contradicting stands of the government, as evidenced from the counter-affidavits they had filed in 2008 and now.As an immediate fallout of this order the govt now cannot appoint 178 assistant director-level officers from agriculture dept as asst directors in horticulture dept.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17751329", "title": "Siwan police unearth 2 illegal liquor factories", "text": "PATNA: The Siwan police on Monday unearthed two illegal liquor factories running at two different villages in Siwan district and seized 1,240 country-made liquor pouches on Sunday and Saturday night. In the first incident, a police team comprising Town police station in-charge SHO Ramesh Kumar Mishra, Mufassil police station SHO Ram Kumar Singh and Dhanauti police station SHO R N Yadav on Sunday carried out a raid at Sandip Kumar's house and unearthed an illegal liquor factory there.In another incident, a Jamo police team carried out a raid at the house of one Anil Choudhary at village Paitalish late on Saturday evening and unearthed a liquor factory running there. Siwan SP Satyaveer Singh said that at Dhanauti, police team seized 500 pouches of ready-made liquor, 50 litres spirit, pouch manufacturing machine, three gas cylinders besides empty pouches from there. He said three persons --Sandip Kumar, Nitish Kumar and a buyer Pankaj Kumar-- were arrested from there. The local police are investigating the role of Pankaj in the entire episode.Singh said at village Paitalish, the police team seized 740 pouches of country-made liquor. Excise officials had carried out raids twice at Anil's illegal factory and had lodged two separate cases against him in 2008. He said though Anil had license in 2010-11, at present he has no license to manufacture liquor and had removed the liquor manufacturing machine from there. Raids are on to arrest him, the SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17749931", "title": "Gang rivalry turns Tiljala into war zone", "text": "KOLKATA: Several areas in Tiljala and Topsia, off Eastern Metropolitan Bypass, have turned into war zones following the rivalry between two gangs over illegal construction.For the last two months, locals are experiencing free run of the armed miscreants, who are opening fire indiscriminately and ransacking houses. Locals have reasons to believe that a section of law enforcers are also part of the gang rivalry. Sources said the gangs are fighting with an eye to gain control over the illegal construction business in the area. \"Police hardly take any action against these rowdies,\" said a local at Gulshan Colony of Panchannagram, where a gang of armed miscreants went on the rampage on Sunday evening.Locals also claimed that both the warring groups are close to the ruling party, perhaps the main reason behind the alleged police inaction. Gang rivalry rocked Tiljala's neighbouring Karaya area a few months ago and is now fast spreading into the lanes and bylanes of Tiljala.A day after the rampage at Gulshan Colony, people are still scared. One of them showed a local marriage hall, that the miscreants had ransacked on Sunday evening. \"The problem broke out on Saturday night. Armed miscreants hurled bombs and opened fire in the air on Sunday night. They were looking for two local developers,\" said a resident of the area.Sources said that the armed miscreants were looking for two local developers Zulkar and Pappu. \"Both are known as Trinamool Congress workers and close to a minister,\" said Nasiruddin, a trader. He hinted that they were instrumental in filling up the waterbodies in the locality for illegal construction. Locals even claimed that the son of Trinamool Congress minister Javed Khan was present during the rampage on Sunday, son of influential Trinamool leader Javed Khan was also present in the area. Earlier following the gang war at Topsia in last October, same name was cropped up. At that time four persons were injured following the gang war in broad day light.The minister on Sunday, however, denied any involvement of his son. \"Some miscreants are intentionally dragging my son's name to malign his reputation,\" said Khan. He claimed that some promoters are involved in illegal construction in the area and he is only trying to stop such illegal trade. \"These rowdies and developers are trying to terrorize the locals,\" alleged Khan.But locals had another version. \"Both Pappu and Zulkar - the key persons behind the illegal construction in the area - were close to the minister,\" said a local. He hinted towards a factional feud among the ruling party. Zulkar also denied his involvement in the row. that he and his men went for rampage to terrorize locals.\"Minister's son was the man behind the rampage. The armed miscreants even torched my motorcycles,\" said Zulkar over phone. Police, however, are tight-lipped on the issue. \"We have received a complaint. Raids are on,\" said DC, SED, Champak Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750631", "title": "Green panel asks steel co not to use Baitarini water", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has asked Essar Steel Limited not to build structures for use of Baitarani river water. The order comes close on the heels of its earlier directive to the state government not to allow Brahmani River Pellets Ltd (BRPL) to draw water from the river.Hearing the petition of Sarbeswar Mishra, Justice A S Naidu said, \"The water from the river shouldn't be used contrary to the agreement for the purpose for which clearance has been granted. The company shall not go ahead with the construction of the project without obtaining forest clearance\".Mishra mentioned in his petition that a 9-km-long pipeline will be drawn from Baitarani to meet the water requirements of the beneficiation plant. The company had proposed to set up a 10.7 MTPA capacity iron ore beneficiation plant in Keonjhar district. He argued that drawing huge quantity of water by the plant would affect the downstream flow of Baitarini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17749018", "title": "State women commission lax on action, say activists", "text": "GUWAHATI: Women activists and various organizations on Sunday criticized the state commission for not taking adequate action to curb violence against women and called the body \"powerless\" and \"politically-influenced\".\"Women's commission is basically an apex body meant only for counselling. It is more or less a powerless committee (and is) politically-influenced,\" said Sumitra Hazarika, who runs Nirjatan Birodhi Ekya Mancha, an NGO for women.Many activists also slammed Assam State Commission for Women for delaying justice in many cases and poor data-processing. \"Anybody who goes there comes back with frustration. Cases related to women issues are kept pending. For this reason, cases of rape and domestic violence in the state are increasing every day. Appointment should be fair and not politically-influenced,\" Hazarika added.Kailash Satyarthi, founder of Bachpan Bachao Andolan, complained about lack of data with the commission. \"In Assam, nearly 4,000 trafficking complaints are registered every year. All these records are available with the police. Why doesn't the women's commission keep any record? There should be records available with the commission. If you ask the body to provide statistics, they will not be able to give the data,\" he said.Demanding proactive measures from the commission, the activists in the state said the body needed to improve its infrastructure to plug the loopholes in its system and expedite works on pending cases. \"The women's commission is a mandatory body and it should have proper infrastructure. Our women's commission is not all strong,\" said Anjuman Ara Begum, law researcher and a member of Women in Governance.The NGOs also sought rehabilitation for those girls from the North East who were raped in Delhi or other cities outside the state and did not have any shelter or job. \"At least, the commission should take step to deal with the girls at individual level and give them proper rehabilitation. But I doubt they do so,\" Bachpan Bachao's Satyarthi said.However, the state women commission rebutted the allegations and said anyone would be invited to point out the loopholes. Talking to TOI, chairperson of the Assam State Commission for Women Meera Borborooah said, \"We always take strong action whenever any issue crops up. We stand together to fight for the cause of women. If anybody is saying we are not doing anything it is completely wrong. Those who are labelling allegations against the commission should come forward and point out the loopholes so that we can rectify our mistakes.\"Borborooah said the commission conducts frequent workshops in different parts of the state to spread awareness on issues, like witch-hunting, domestic violence, dowry and child marriage. \"There is a legal advisory cell in our commission that takes up cases on women-related issues. No case is pending and those that could not be solved are sent to the court,\" she added.But Nirjatan Birodhi's Hazarika said team from the commission visits \"only nearby places\".The commission in Assam, set up in 1996, has taken up a project against witch-hunting and it conducts legal awareness programmes on it. The commission also provides counselling to victims and helps them fight the social stigma. But one NGO for women claimed there were around 50,000 pending witch-hunting cases and the victims are still awaiting justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17751204", "title": "'Maha CM mediation will solve Tillari issue'", "text": "PANAJI: Former Union minister Ramakant Khalap has said that with Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan mediating on the Tillari issue, water from the project will start flowing to Goa soon.Speaking to mediapersons after meeting Chavan, industries minister Narayan Rane and MP Nilesh Rane in Oros, Sindhudurg, in Maharashtra, Khalap said \"I got the assurance from the Maharashtra chief minister that they will do everything possible. He has requested the agitators that as they will be holding a meeting in Mumbai on the issue, they should suspend the agitation.\"Khalap also said besides the appeals by Maharashtra's chief minister and cabinet minister, he had also appealed to the leaders of the agitation to suspend it.\"I hope that very soon Tillari water will start flowing once again in Goa. Our problem will be solved and Tillari villagers' problem will also be taken care of by the Maharashtra government,\" Khalap said. \"I also appeal to the state government, as part of a humanitarian approach to the entire issue, to intervene in the issue by some way or the other,\" he added.\"Agitators have been demanding that they should be provided jobs to survive as they have lost their land and houses due to the Tillari project. They demanded that Goa should provide jobs as 76% of the water is for Goa,\" said Khalap.Khalap said that Chavan will hold a meeting with officers concerned and ministers within two days. This meeting will be attended by a delegation of the agitators. \"I explained to Chavan, there is no clause in the agreement that Goa has to provide jobs to the affected,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752764", "title": "Vishal's MGR single track released", "text": "A single soundtrack from Sundar C. directed Vishal starrer Madha Gaja Raja (MGR) was released yesterday (Dec 24) in Hello FM. Vijay Antony has composed the music for MGR and the song 'My dear loveruuu' sung by Vishal himself was released on air last evening.Vishal had crooned a solo love number in the film on a special request from the composer. Varalakshmi Sarathkumar tweeted yesterday, \"On my way. Single audio launch of MGR with Vishal. Hello FM live @ 6pm today tune in on 106.4. Btw it's the song tht Vishal sang. enjoy.\"It is known that Vishal is pairing up with Varalakshmi Sarathkumar and Anjali in his upcoming movie Madha Gaja Raja. Cinematography has been handled by Richard M. Nathan and editing will be handled by Praveen K L and N B Srikanth among the technical crew.While Gemini Films Circuit producing Madha Gaja Raja is all set to entertain K-town audiences Vishal is looking forward to the release of his ' Samar '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pithora", "code": "17749280", "title": "Rape accused who uploaded MMS arrested", "text": "PITHORA: In a major development, six persons were arrested for raping a minor girl, filming and later uploading the MMS clip on the web in a village in Mahasamund district of Chhattisgarh.Police said that the victim has identified all of them and they were sent to jail for further investigation.The residents in the region have demanded security and vigilance from the police, towards the people and couples visiting the Darri Dongar area.Basically, the place has a temple and is scenic, which attracts many to spend time sitting on top of the hill. This also makes it a convenient hub for miscreants who usually disturb the love-birds and also blackmail them.The incident took place on November 19, and it was reported on Saturday.When the MMS was circulated in the village, the girl's family was informed about it by some people who recognized her in the clip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750477", "title": "Deccan Chronicle told to furnish Rs 347cr security", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Debt Recovery Tribunal (DRT) in Hyderabad on Monday ordered the beleaguered Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) and its three promoters to furnish security equivalent to the dues of Rs 347 crore it owes to Canara Bank within three weeks failing which all the scheduled assets of the company would stand attached. It also directed the company not to transfer its properties in favour of third parties in the meantime. The tribunal passed this interim order while hearing a Canara Bank petition that sought recovery of its money.Properties, printing machines, shares, lands and the assets related to Deccan Chargers, etc., which were mortgaged to Canara Bank by DCHL to avail the loan were fraudulently re-mortgaged to other banks like ICICI and Axis, the petition said.\"Now, we want an order restraining DCHL from clearing the dues of other lateral lenders before clearing ours as we are the first lenders and we have the first charge on all the mortgaged assets,\" B V Satyanarayana, manager of Canara Bank's prime corporate branch at Secunderabad, said in the petition before DRT.Putting forward the bank's case, senior counsel K V Subrahmanya Narusu told the tribunal that they had come to know that the DCHL was trying to sell the properties that were mortgaged to the bank and sought a restraining order preventing the DCHL from creating any such third party interests over the assets. Following this, the tribunal directed the DCHL not to alienate its assets until further orders and posted the case to January 21 for further hearing.In the long list of DCHL assets that were mortgaged to Canara Bank are the DC office building spread over 3249 square yards in Pitapuram colony in Visakhapatnam, another building at Narayanapur, Anantapur in 2519 square yards and buildings and lands in Karimnagar spread over 3600 square yards.This is in addition to the 43560 square feet of land at Guindy industrial estate in Chennai and the 7 printing presses of the DCHL at Chennai and Andhra Pradesh. The other assets include the shares of DCHL held by the company and its promoters and that of Deccan Chargers, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751491", "title": "Cong MLA alleges stepmotherly treatment by Indore Municipal Corporation", "text": "INDORE: Congress MLA Ashwin Joshi alleged that the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is giving a stepmotherly treatment to his constituency (constituency III of city). Right from water supply, construction of roads to development of slums, the civic body do not includes areas from his constituency in any of its projects, said Joshi while speaking at council meet of IMC on Monday.Joshi said his constituency is facing drinking water crisis for a long time and the overhead tanks constructed by the civic body is not being used. Same happened in the case of roads, several crores of rupees are being spent on construction of already developed roads like MG Road, but no attention is being paid for the construction of roads and bridges in his constituency. \"My constituency is being ignored because I am the only Congress MLA from the city,\" Joshi said.Joshi staged a sit-in to register his protest about lack of water supply from Narmada River. He also tried to draw attention of house regarding neglect of his constituency in the selection of slums under DFID projects, and for giving houses to poor under Rajiv Awas Yojana and carrying out development works under chief minister's infrastructure development scheme.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe tried to pacify Joshi saying that 7 overhead tanks have been constructed in the city out of which one (Urdu School tank) is in his constituency and water supply in his constituency will be regularized once the civic body starts supply of additional 90 MLD of water from Narmada.Mayor said as far as selection of slums under DFID is concerned the corporation has no say in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751423", "title": "19-year-old girl commits suicide", "text": "INDORE: A 19-year-old girl reportedly committed suicide by hanging herself from a ceiling in Sanyogitaganj area in the city on Monday afternoon.The deceased, Sunita Jat, daughter of Jasraj Jat, was a resident of Mayur Nagar.Police said father of the deceased noticed the girl hanging from the ceiling in her room. She was rushed to MY Hospital where doctors declared her brought dead.Police were informed by the MY Hospital. On prima facie it appears to be a case of suicide, the police said.When police enquired from deceased father Jasraj Jat the likely reason for the extreme step, he was unable to give an answer. No suicide note was found at the spot.Police have sent the body for post-mortem. Investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17749117", "title": "Stinking roads paved way for BJP's doom", "text": "Palanpur: The answer to BJP's poll debacle in north Gujarat lies in its performance in the local civic bodies. The neglect of civic amenities by party dominated municipalities in major towns like Palanpur in Banaskantha, Visnagar, Kadi and Vijapur in Mehsana along with Prantij and Idar in Sabarkantha district led to people voting against the candidates in the assembly polls.The people were angry at tall promises being made by BJP candidates while the party in power in local civic bodies had failed to deliver. The voters were annoyed at waterlogged streets with heaps of sludge and garbage that have become a feature of most of the towns.\"It is a shame that a road named after a local hero stinks,\" a resident of Chandrakant Bakshi Marg in Palanpur Popatlal Doshi said.Another local resident Jayesh Vohra said, \"Unbearable stench coming out of the open slaughter houses and millions of mosquitoes hovering around are common. No one could pass through Bhagyodaya Society, Bijweshwar Colony and Nani Bazaar without holding a handkerchief on the nose as gutters are choked.\"The agitated people point out that heaps of filth can be seen very close to offices of local municipalities and civic bodies doing nothing to improve the state of affairs. Even drinking water pipelines are leaking.\"Who is responsible for the nightmare? Certainly it is the misadministration at local level,\" newly elected Congress MLA of Palanpur Mahesh Patel said.District president of BJP K S Mogra admits that the performance of local civic bodies did have an impact on the poll outcome along with some other factors.\"To some extent the inept handling of the civic administration may be responsible for our defeat in the assembly polls. However, much also depended on the type of candidates we fielded,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750327", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Nirbhaya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s condition worsening, doctors say", "text": "NEW DELHI: With each passing day, the condition of Nirbhaya \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as TOI has symbolically named the victim \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is deteriorating. Doctors say internal bleeding started on Sunday night due to clotting of blood vessels.Her platelet count and white blood cell (WBC) count have shot up. Doctors, however, say it is due to the supplementation.On Sunday, there was severe bleeding in her abdominal cavity. Doctors attribute it to Disseminated Intravascular Coagulopathy, a condition in which clots are formed in blood vessels. As these clots consume the coagulation proteins and platelets, normal coagulation is disrupted. \"There is bleeding in the abdominal cavity. DIC has happened due to the infection and repeated blood transfusion. This was the prime reason for the sharp fall in her platelet count on Sunday. We are trying to control the bleeding. Compared to Sunday, her condition is not good today,'' said Dr M C Misra, chief of AIIMS Trauma Centre.She has been given fresh frozen plasma, single donor plasma and platelet rich plasma to increase her platelet level. \"The platelet count has gone up due to supplementation. Though her bilirubin level has come down to 5.5, white blood cell count has increased to 6,000 and urine output is normal, she continues to be critical because of internal bleeding. She also has high fever. We have not tried to take her off the ventilator,'' said Dr B D Athani, medical superintendent, Safdarjung Hospital.On Monday, doctors carried out another psychiatric evaluation of the victim. They also spoke to the family to assess their condition. \"She is psychologically composed. We asked her a lot of questions but there was no sign of anxiety or depression. We have started supportive psychotherapy. We are also providing psychiatric help to the family,'' said a senior psychiatric with Safdarjung Hospital.Despite her deteriorating medical condition, doctors are still hopeful she will come through. \"We have put her on a high dose of broad spectrum antibiotics. Once the infection is under control, she will recover fast,'' said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "17748849", "title": "Mob in Bihar blinds 2 criminals with acid", "text": "ARARIA: An angry mob of villagers assaulted two criminals and damaged their eyes by pouring acid on them at Hingna village under Raniganj police station of Araria district on Sunday. The incident took place after an altercation over paddy bundles.The victims, Munna Thakur and his cousin Kanhaiya Thakur, residents of the same village, were brought to the local Sadar hospital on Sunday. Eye specialist Dr Rajesh Kumar confirmed serious damage to their eyes and, on Monday, referred them to the Purnia Sadar hospital for further treatment. The police recovered a US-make pistol and cartridges from Munna's possession.Araria SP Manoj Kumar , who visited the village on Sunday evening, told TOI that tension had been brewing in the village since December 20 after Munna's wife, Indu Kumari, and one Panchanand Mandal's wife, Kajal Kumari, were defeated in the gram panchayat elections. Following the results, male members of both the women candidates started blaming each other for the defeat. The SP said Munna had been terrorizing the villagers by opening fire frequently since Friday night.Police said Munna is a history-sheeter and involved in many criminal incidents, including bank dacoity, road robbery and other petty crimes. Villagers said after the heated altercation on the issue of paddy bundles on Sunday, Munna, along with his gang, opened four rounds of fire on one Kapil Mandal and others. In retaliation, the villagers caught hold of them, assaulted them and poured acid in their eyes.Two villagers hurt in the criminals' attack, namely Ramnath Mandal and Kapil Mandal, have also been admitted to the Sadar hospital here. Police have taken both of them into custody. \"Police force has been deployed at Hingna village and round-the-clock vigil is being maintained,\" said the SP.Times ViewInstances of this kind, where mobs have decided to dispense 'justice' on their own, seem to be on the rise of late. This kind of vigilantism is dangerous and needs to be condemned by all those who want a civilised society. At the same time, we must recognise that the failure of the state to enforce the law plays an important role in creating this trend. When the state is unable to ensure that the rule of law prevails, it of course emboldens criminals. But it also leads to some people believing that the only way criminals can be dealt with and justice ensured is to do it themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749427", "title": "CST-bound Harbour local heads for yard instead of Mahim", "text": "MUMBAI: Early on Monday, commuters on a CST-bound local from Bandra were in for surprise when the train headed for the Mahim yard, instead of going towards Mahim station on Harbour Line.Though RPF personnel claimed passengers were onboard when the train pulled into the yard, the Western Railway, which is in charge of the Harbour Line between Mahim and Andheri, denied it.A source said, \"After the train left Bandra around 4.50am, the signal was green, indicating that the local must halt only at the next station, which is Mahim. But the motorman suddenly noticed that the point had been set differently and train was interchanging tracks; he applied emergency brakes. The local was travelling at a speed of 40kmph, while ideally, it should not exceed 10-15 kmph when changing tracks.\"and accordingly, the local was moving at a speed to 40 kmph to halt only at Mahim station after it left Bandra station at around 4.50 am.The incident triggered scare among technical and non-technical staff, for whom the incident of two locals mildly colliding with each other on the same track in Andheri is still fresh on their mind. An RPF officer said, \"We were worried butwere relieved to learn that there was no untoward incident or injury to commuters.\"The stretch between CST and King's circle falls in the jurisdiction of Central Railway, while section of between Mahim and Andheri comes under Western Railway. A version was also floating that the movement into the yard was unintentional despite WR's denial.Though the WR claimed the train's route was changed on purpose, apparently to allow the repair of a faulty signal, some sources denied it. WR general manager Mahesh Kumar said, \"Two instances of cable thefts were reported at 7.50pm and 11.35pm on Sunday. With the cables missing, a signal had stopped working. So that the signal could be repaired, before the rush hour started,the train was deliberately instructed to go to the yard; in the meantime, the point was supposed to be mended to prevent bunching of services. Once the signal was set right, normal services resumed.\" The WR also claimed it was not a serious incident. The railway's chief PRO Sharat Chandrayan claimed, \"The few passengers on the train were asked to alight before it was taken to yard.\" But RPF personnel said commuters were in the train when it reached the yard.Though WR maintained that it was not a serious incident, a section of railway officials said if it was not planned, such a sudden change in route could easily be termed \"extremely serious\".A senior official said, \"I think there may have been some problem with the Route Relay Interlocking System that led to the wrong setting of the point.\" The incident did not have any repercussion on the Harbour Line services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752559", "title": "Dubai too cold to Salman-Priyanka", "text": "It was an ambitious experiment by organisers Creative Hub Events to bring the current box office ruler Salman Khan and his lady of choice Priyanka Chopra to the shores of UAE to celebrate the National Day at the Dubai Festival City.Unluckily, what was expected to be roaring hit fell a little flat. The auditorium that had a capacity of 18,000 and was expected to house that many on the special night of December 2, had only 7000 odd people cheering for the actors.When contacted, Fatima Hayat, CEO of Creative Hub Events told us, \"Yes, it's a shocker. Salman, Priyanka and the others (Rahat Fateh Ali Khan and Zarine Khan) could definitely have pulled it off much better.\" According to an official from the events company (who requested for anonymity), the response at the ticket windows was disheartening. While that could also have been because of the exhorbitant pricing of AED 6000 (INR 75000) per stub, the official blamed it on 'lack of caution'. \"We tried every trick in the book to reach out to people but failed. We wish we had paid heed to some of our well wishers who had warned us not to have the show on such a large canvas,\" the official added. Salman's last show in Dubai was organised right after Wanted hit the theatres in 2009. And reportedly, that wasn't a money churner either. \"The guy who organised the show hails from south India and has vowed never to visit Dubai again. However, we thought that after his recent string of blockbusters - Dabangg, Ready, Bodyguard, Ek Tha Tiger, Salman's 2012 show would be a runaway success,\" the official said. Apparently, despite asking Salman to spend more time on stage and word of mouth publicity of the show, the ticket sales failed to pick up. \"We are still looking for answers,\" said the official. Meanwhile... Salman to romance Saif's Cocktail girl After an impressive debut in Saif Ali Khan's Cockt ail, Diana Penty seems to be moving up the ladder. If everything falls in place, she will soon be seen romancing Salman Khan. TOI learnt that Diana will play the leading lady inSohail Khan's directorial project, tentatively titled Radhe . A source said, \"Sohail is busy preparing for the venture. The script is getting fine tuned every day and needs someone relatively fresh with an innocent face who could also display maturity of character.\" And that's why the filmmaker thought of Diana, who in her debut film pulled off the character of the sweet and emotional Meera with ease. \"Sohail got in touch with a common friend and initiated a meeting with Diana. The first chat went very well and they have been in touch since then. Diana likes the role and is now in advanced talks with the filmmaker. However, since its year-end right now and Sohail will also get busy with the New Year celebrations with his family, the final formalities will only take place at the beginning of the New Year,\" the source added. According to our source, the film is expected to go on floors in May 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17749835", "title": "Congress to go alone in rural polls", "text": "KOLKATA: Congress will go it alone in the coming panchayat election in the state. This was decided in a meeting of the West Bengal Pradesh Congress Committee's general committee in Kolkata on Monday, PCC president Pradip Bhattacharya said.Bhattacharya admitted that Congress could find it difficult to contest in all panchayat seats. \"We have many problems,\" he said, and mentioned about instances in Khejuri and Howrah where Trinamool Congress toughs had not allowed Congress to organize political meetings. Denying that Congress had joined the fray to split Trinamool votes, he said every political party had the right to contest in polls in accordance with its own policies and ideologies.Congress was against the tendency of bureaucratization of panchayat bodies under the rule of the Trinamool government. \"Under the Trinamool government, a large number of panchayat bodies are being run by BDOs and SDOs. The argument being given is that the boards of these panchayats are defunct. It is okay if it happens in, may be, a few hundred panchayats. But it cannot be the pattern. The democratically elected bodies must be allowed to function,\" he said.Even in centrally-sponsored schemes, the state government was taking the credit as funds were being routed through the latter, he said. According to Bhattacharya, the performance of the state in 100 days' job guarantee programme was still far below the requirement, though there had been a small improvement compared to the situation during the Left Front rule.Congress would launch a series of political programmes in the city shortly to highlight the shortcomings of the Mamata Banerjee government, he said. On December 29, there would be a meeting on Rani Rashmoni Road to counter the anti-FDI in retail campaign that CPM and Trinamool had started. \"A false campaign is going on that this would mean the end of retail trade.\" On January 10, PCC would organize a \"march to Writers' Buildings\" demanding that an AIIMS-like hospital be set up at Raiganj in north Bengal.A resolution was adopted at the meeting in support of allowing FDI in retail up to 51 per cent within a well-defined regulatory mechanism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "17750790", "title": "Bihari kids have scientific temper: Kalam", "text": "DARBHANGA: Former president Dr A P J Abdul Kalam, while inaugurating the three-day mega science fair for school students at the local Nehru stadium in the presence of chief minister Nitish Kumar , on Monday said that after interacting with the assembled students, he found in them scientific and questioning spirit.\"My personal experience after mixing with these students is that they have the potential of becoming role models for the country. Tremendous enthusiasm and hunger to learn about science has made the children of Bihar unique. Children living in rural areas here have been found at par with children of metros who receive better quality of education,\" Kalam said.The former president said he has a fascination for Bihar. He has already addressed the members of Bihar legislature twice including on November 25, 2011. Praising chief minister Nitish Kumar, Kalam said he was working for alround development of the state and everyone should join in his efforts.\"After interacting with over 2,000 students here, I have found that three mobile science laboratories provided by Bangalore-based Agastya International Foundation (AIF) in Darbhanga, Madhubani and Supaul districts, have succeeded in creating scientific temper among rural children,\" added Kalam. He thanked Ramji Raghavan, chairman of AIF for his mission to spread scientific temper in the rural areas of Bihar.He requested the CM to utilize the services of AIF for propagation of science in other districts of Bihar. This mega science fair has been organized by AIF and Viksit Bharat Foundation, whose executive director was Manas Bihari Verma. Praising Verma and calling him his friend, Kalam said after retiring from the post of programme director of light supersonic aircraft, he left Bangalore and settled in his village, Gaura Bauram, in the district and has been serving the people by providing medical assistance and during natural calamities. \"More Vermas are needed,\" said Kalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17750807", "title": "Congress workers blame party leaders for dismal show", "text": "PATNA: The Congress workers seem to have run out of patience after being out of power for over 22 years in the state. They have started blaming their state leadership for the shrinking party graph. It was all evident at their state-level party workers conference here on Monday when they appeared agitated and were not ready to listen to the state leaders.As if aware of the workers' discontentment with the state leaders, none of the national leaders who were expected to address the meeting turned up. Railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal and information and broadcasting minister Manish Tiwari had promised to come but could not due to the inclement weather as the Patna-bound flight from Delhi was late. In charge of Bihar Congress affairs Gulchain Singh Charak announced that Bansal would come to Sadaquat Ashram later to explain the railway ministry stand over pending projects in the state.Chaos prevailed throughout the meeting and speakers were continuously interrupted. Sensing the mood of the audience comprising district and block president and other office-bearers, senior leader and former MLA Ramdeo Rai set the tone for other speakers. Allegations of 'selling' tickets during elections flew thick and fast.Rai said Congress has workers everywhere down to village level but their services were not utilized. \"There is no party leadership in the state and leaders lack unity and understanding. Nobody in the villages is ready to listen about FDI. Rather, they are more interested in MNREGA. If the party is to be revived, the leaders should move to villages and take workers into confidence,\" Rai said amid applause from the audience. Former PCC chief Ram Jatan Sinha stressed the need to take the party to grassroots level instead of discussing issues in the drawing rooms and trying to emerge as strong and viable alternative.State Youth Congress and state Mahila Congress presidents, Lalan Kumar and Vinita Vijay, respectively, also toed the similar line and pleaded that workers should be allowed to express their views and raise their issues.Another former PCC chief and leader of the party in the assembly, Sadanand Singh, admitted the party weakness saying it has been reduced to just two MPs and four MLAs. When he started attacking the state government, one person from the front row said he should speak all this in the assembly.PCC chief Mehboob Ali Qaiser criticized the Nitish government and presented figures to say that the government has failed to utilize the central funds; it was involved in a series of scams and indulged in false propaganda.Charak announced that they would move to districts and soon launch the membership drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749104", "title": "Fog in Delhi disrupts Mumbai flight schedules", "text": "MUMBAI: Flights at Mumbai airport were delayed on Monday morning due to fog in Delhi. Passengers, many of whom were travelling for the holidays, had an average waiting time of to wait for 45 minutes to an hour, on an average for their flights. Many flights coming in from Delhi were also delayed by about an hour.According to Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL) officials, five flights in the city were severely majorly delayed, while three city arrivals were rescheduled. Most of these flights were originally scheduled between 8am and to 10am. Airport officials said that the cascading effect of the delay continued till afternoon as delayed arrival flights also departed late. from the airport.\"Fortunately, The situation improved by noon is getting cancelled,\" said an airport official.Officials said that the next few days could be tough for fliers as the fog in Delhi would only intensify. \"Flight schedules are likely to go haywire of thick fog continues in Delhi.Delays are expected from Lucknow, Bangalore, Jaipur and Kolkata during the winter,\" an airport official at the airport said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17750247", "title": "Helmet campaign launched in Tirur", "text": "MALAPPURAM: If everything goes according to the plan, Tirur municipality in the district will become the first municipality in the state to ensure that all two-wheeler riders wear helmets in two months.The motor vehicles department (MVD), in association with Tirur police, has launched a mission named 'Helmet Upayuktha Tirur'. The initiative was launched after a study conducted by the department found that only 5% of motorcyclists in the district wear helmets.An average of 150 cases is being registered in Tirur daily by the special inspection team led by joint road transport officer (RTO). The team slaps a fine of Rs100 on violators. In an effort to encourage people to wear helmets, the inspection team distributes gifts and sweets to the bike riders, who follow motor vehicle rules.The joint RTO of Tirur, Subhash Babu said, as part of the campaign, the vehicle inspection team of MVD is examining all the documents related to the vehicles, including the smoke test papers. \"Majority have already started to follow the direction of MVD officials and the initiative is expected to be a big success.\"Assistant motor vehicle inspector, Tirur, V K Abdul Jalal said organizations of government employees, trade bodies and autorickshaw drivers have already extended support to the initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17748823", "title": "Cops: Don't speed on narrow Goa highway", "text": "MUMBAI: As scores of Mumbaikars pack their bags to drive off to Goa via the Mumbai-Goa National Highway for the festival season, the highway police have sounded a warning. Given that the road has many narrow and rickety stretches, officers have cautioned motorists not to speed and to use their vehicles' blinkers in fog.The Mumbai-Goa highway passes through the Western Ghats, is littered with blind turns and has over 100 dangerous spots. \"Driving below 80 kmph is crucial since, in the absence of dividers, the narrow road in the ghats is prone to collisions. Motorists should also not forget to rest after every hour of driving,\" said additional director general of police (highways) Vijay Kamble. He pointed out that, a decade ago, a panel headed by PWD experts had \"recommended an overhaul of major roads, including the Goa highway\". But so far, another officer said, little has happened.S M Deshmukh, who has been campaigning for the widening of the Goa highway, said, \"Of the total 470 km, only an 84-km patch between Palaspe and Indapur is being four-laned. And that too is expected to be ready by 2014. The fate of the remaining highway is unknown. Widening of the Mumbai-Pune and Pune-Satara highways reduced accidents by about 70%. Why then are the central and state governments going slow on the Goa highway?\"PWD officials cited lack of funds as the reason for the delay. Data compiled by the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and state PWD shows that among the stretches of national highways that pass through Maharashtra, the Mumbai-Goa highway witnessed the most accidents and fatalities from 2006 to 2011. During the period, while 1,479 fatalities occurred on the Goa highway (476 km), the Dhule-Adilabad road (632 km) witnessed 1,471 deaths.State officials said over 60,000 vehicles used the highway every day till four years ago. But since then, the figure has dipped, as many motorists prefer to travel to Sindhudurg and Goa via the Pune expressway and Satara highway. The detour is long and takes up an extra hour, \"but is safer than the Goa route,\" said Rani Shergil, a Mumbaikar who regularly visits Tarkarli beach.According to a state official, several stretches of the Goa highway-particularly along the Kashedi ghat and Sangameshwar-are in poor condition. He noted that road elevation at curves is less than what is required. This leads to vehicles losing balance. \"Also, there are spots where one cannot see vehicles coming from the other direction since the surface is uneven,\" he added.\"Blind turns and village bikers make the road dangerous. Sukeli Ghat near Nagothane, Kashedi Ghat, Parshuram Ghat between Khed and Chiplun, Sangameshwar Road and the narrow road in Banda are risky stretches. We therefore avoid taking NH4,\" said a regular traveller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17751299", "title": "Villagers protest as Calvim bridge workers defecate, bathe in fields along roadside", "text": "MAPUSA: The residents of Calvim have complained that workers engaged in construction work of the Aldona-Calvim bridge have been defecating in the fields along the roadside.Citing health hazards, residents have demanded for action from the health authority. Calvim residents brought to the notice of the panchayat and the health authorities that major work is being carried out in the village of Calvim and the Lankdem ward of Aldona village for the construction of the bridge.The residents said that the construction site has over 100 workers, but although over a month has passed since toilets and an open septic tank was built on the Calvim side by the PWD, these workers have been defecating and bathing in the open, making use of the fields and the roadside as they are not allowed to use the toilets. The reason being given to them that the septic tank has not been covered up.\"The labourers have been bathing and defecating in open places, by the roadside, in the fields and along the riverbank. The workers are not allowed to use the toilets and are forced to use open spaces to answer nature's call,\" said Carlos Rebello, a local. The Aldona civic and consumer forum has also supported the residents on this issue. \"It's been over a month since work on the bridge has started, but the construction company has not displayed its board at the site,\" said Marie D'Souza, secretary of the Aldona civic and consumer forum.Residents of Calvim, under the leadership of Carlos Rebello, have written to the Aldona sarpanch. The villagers have also approached the Aldona primary health centre and the PWD. The health officer at the Aldona primary health centre informed TOI that he telephonically told the manager at the site to provide the workers with toilets as soon as possible.\"They have assured that the toilets will be provided within two days ending Monday as some minor work on the septic tank was incomplete. For confirmation, we will be visiting the site,\" health officer Pradip Dhavjekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750720", "title": "High court pulls up Essar over electricity duty dues issue", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court has pulled up Essar Steel Ltd for seeking relief in payment of Rs 1,113.8 crore towards electricity duty on the ground of financial crunch.Justice Paresh Upadhyay of a division bench observed that the company's \"financial crunch appears to be an eye wash\". Under the pretext of financial crunch, the company moved the application for change in condition in payment of the amount. However, it also tried to establish that the company was liable to pay Rs 585 crore towards principal amount through installments, and not the interest of Rs 528 crore, the judge said while rejecting Essar's plea to grant relief for nine months in paying Rs 15-crore monthly installment.In doing so, Justice Upadhyay differed from Justice M D Shah of the division bench, and that too at the initial stage of the case - while issuing the notice only. Justice Shah issued notice to the government, but Justice Upadhyay rejected Essar's petition at this stage itself after terming it \"craftily drafted\" and \"mischievously timed\".\"I am conscious that normally, disagreement is not recorded in the matter of issuance of notice, however, in my view, even issuance of notice by this court, would get the approval of this Bench bn the ingenuity of the applicants to some extent, which I am not willing to do and therefore, I have thought it fit to write this dissenting order, rejecting the application today itself,\" Justice Upadhyay observed.In this case, Essar Steel Ltd was asked by the state government to pay Rs 1113.8 crore towards electricity duty that was due for 15 years. The company unsuccessfully tried before a single-judge bench, and then approached a division bench. In April 2010, the division bench stayed the authorities from recovering the amount on condition of the company paying Rs 15-crore installment every month.The company moved the court against earlier this month, when it was yet to pay Rs 75 crore towards the principal amount, requesting to modify the earlier order of payment. It claimed that due to financial crunch, it should be exempted the payment till November 2013, and then it would re-start the payment.The company sought to canvass that the earlier HC order had asked it to pay the principal amount in installments, and there was no order regarding payment of the interest amount. Justice Upadhyay was not ready to accept this. About interpretation of earlier order, he said that if the relief was granted to the company, it would amount to vacating the stay order granted by earlier bench.The judge wrote, \"I would prefer to err in favour of government exchequer, instead of committing an error in favour of the company, that too to the extent of about 600 crores of rupees.\" Justice Upadhyay further criticized the company for \"derailing the final hearing of its appeal on merits\" by tagging papers of the main case with this petition. The Supreme Court had recently asked Essar to pay Rs 9,000 toward sales tax to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17750640", "title": "Cuttack temple looted again", "text": "CUTTACK: Miscreants decamped with gold and silver ornaments worth over Rs 4.5 lakh from a temple at Kathagadasahi in the city in the wee hours of Monday.Reports said the miscreants broke into the Kochilei temple through the main door and made away with 2.5 kg of silver ornaments and 100 grams of gold ornaments. The donation box, which had around Rs 80,000, was also not spared. \"This is for the fourth time gold and silver ornaments have been looted from the temple,\" said Rajkishore Sahoo, a member of temple managing committee. The theft came to light at around 5 am when some passes-by raised an alarm after finding the main gates of the temple open and locks broken, he added.DCP (Cuttack) Praveen Kumar said, \"Police are investigating and efforts are on to nab the culprits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chandrapur/akola", "code": "17751099", "title": "Two minors sexually harassed in separate cases", "text": "CHANDRAPUR/AKOLA: Two minor girls were subjected to sexual harassment in two separate incidents in last 48 hours. In the first case, a youth was arrested on charges of rape and kidnapping a minor girl on Sunday night in Chandrapur while in the other a 9-year-old girl was molested by a man at Dahigaon in Telhara taluka of Akola district on Saturday nightA native of Keljhar village, Vinit Lakde (21) had eloped with a 15-year old girl promising to marry her. Police said that the victim went missing on December 21. The girl lived with his uncle in Mitranagar but their relations had turned sour due to household problems. She came in contact with Vinit who comforted her. It grew into a love affair. After the girl eloped with the Vinit, her mother filed complaint with Ramnagar police. Vinit reportedly took her to various places and made physical relationship with her.PSI KD Pitlewar however traced them on Sunday night and sent the girl for medical check-up. After medical tests confirmed physical relationship, Vinit was booked under sections 376 (rape), 363 and 366 of the IPC. Cops produced Vinit before the court on Monday and obtained his PCR till December 29.In the second case, 9-year-old girl was molested by a person from her village in Dahigaon. The child was studying in the courtyard of her house when Vinayak Pimpalje took her to his house on the pretext of giving fruits. While Vinayak was molesting her, the father of the minor saw him and came to the minor's rescue.The matter was reported to police who registered offences under Section 354 of IPC (outraging the modesty) and sections 3(1)(11) of Prevention of Atrocities against SC/ST Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749324", "title": "80-year-old man run over by train in Akurdi", "text": "PUNE: An 80-year-old man was run over by a train near Akurdi railway station on Monday morning when he was crossing the railway track.Shantaram Giridhar Shisode Patil (80) was a resident of Chinchwad and brother of former MP Shivajirao Giridhar Patil.Inspector of the government railway police (GRP) Mahendra Rokade said that Shantaram was crossing the tracks with his bicycle when he was hit by the Pune-Mumbai inter-city express. He was rushed to the hospital where the doctors declared him dead. Shantaram's son works with a private firm in Chinchwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750363", "title": "Eight years rigorous imprisonment for rapist dad", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to eight years' rigorous imprisonment for repeatedly raping his daughter allegedly with help of his wife.Additional sessions judge Yashwant Kumar held the Delhi resident guilty of raping his minor daughter since she was 13 years old and refused to show leniency, saying it would be against \"societal interest\".\"Imposing meagre sentence will be counterproductive in the long run and against societal interest,\" the court said while also imposing a fine of Rs 5,000. The court acquitted the mother, who was accused of abetting the crime by making her daughter drink a soporific, due to lack of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17751251", "title": "Woman alleges involvement ofNRI", "text": "GURGAON: The case of cloned credit card takes a twist with name of an NRI being surfaced. The accused who was arrested for using the card to buy jewellery was admitted to hospital where she claimed that she was asked to use card by an NRI named John who paid her commission for every purchase.The woman accused is in police remand and will be produced in a city court on Tuesday, while she is under treatment after she was admitted in civil hospital due to high blood pressure and diabetic problems.A senior police officer said that the woman revealed before police that she was working as a tool, but the credit cards and the plan was provided to her someone John, a NRI and he promised her to take her with him to the USA.As the woman accused disclosed, \"Her husband lives separately from her with her son. When she was facing acute financial crises, she met a person in Palam Vihar area about five months ago. He promised her to help and offered her to get settled in the USA. In their next and the last meeting, he gave him some credit cards and instructed her how to use it. He had also promised her to pay her 15% commission on every purchase. After every purchase she used to call her, the mobile she used was also given by him. He used to tell her to drop the jewellery at a place. He would send her the commission, but never agreed to meet again.\"The case will become clearer only after the arrest of the suspected NRI. Since the woman purchased jewellery and other valuables of worth Rs 15 lakh and she claimed to get only Rs 25, 000 as commission,\" said a senior police officer.The accused lady has been identified as Sunita, a native of a village in Rohtak district. On December 14, she purchased the gold jewellery worth Rs 46, 820 from Bombay Jewellers, located in Sadar Bazaar. She made payment by two ATM cards of Axis and HDFC bank , which were later found as cloned. The id proof she provided to the showroom was also found fake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17749299", "title": "Chhattisgarh gets its first radio taxi service", "text": "RAIPUR: It's good news for Raipurians who have to struggle hard to find a proper public mode of transport within the city limits and to travel to nearby places as the Minister for transport, Rajesh Munat inaugurated Chhattisgarh's first ever Radio Cab service at his official residence. The service was launched by the Eco Cab which will operate 30 radio cabs to operate in Raipur.Munat appreciated the radio cabs equipped with global positioning system as being cost effective and safe. He extended his best wishes to the organizations behind the launch of the service - Eco Cab, Punjab National Bank and the State Transport Department. He also hailed the launch of this service as a new beginning for modern transport services in Chhattisgarh.Talking to TOI Pankaj Kankariya director, Eco Cabs said, \"I got inspiration for launching this service while I was in UK, where even small towns have such cab services. I hope this initiative would serve its intended ends of providing smart and affordable radio cab services to people of Chhattisgarh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "17751101", "title": "Leopard kills woman in Dighori forest range", "text": "BHANDARA: A leopard killed a 55-year-old woman from Salebardi village, Lakhandur tehsil, and injured three others in the Dighori forest range when they had gone there to collect firewood on Monday afternoon. The injured women have been admitted to a nearby public health care centre.Victim Mukta Bharat Ganvir was accompanied by Manda Ramteke, Chandrabhaga Ramteke and Lata Meshram from the village. They were attacked by the leopard which was hiding in thick shrubs. Three of them managed to escape from the scene but Ganvir couldn't run fast enough due to old age and was killed by the leopard.The animal then dragged the body to the shrubs and ate some part of it. Range forest of Lakhandur UB Mahakalkar said the pug marks taken from the site and the manner of attack confirmed it to be a leopard. Wild Watch director Nadeem Khan said leopards are always on the prowl at the outskirts of the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17742834", "title": "Doing a film with stars helps: Nushrat Bharucha", "text": "Nushrat Bharucha is two films old and set to appear in Luv Ranjan's Akaash Vani. In this interview, Nushrat talks about the film, being a new comer in the industry and her chemistry with co star Kartik Tiwari.From Pyaar Ka Punchnama to Akaash Vani, you co-star with Kartik Tiwari again and the makers of the film are same too. How different will this film be from the former? In terms of look, it will be different. Both Kartik and I have been out of the spotlight for a whole year as the makers wanted people to forget the perception of us that they carried after Pyaar Ka Punchnama . So that way we both are different as Akaash and Vani are different from what we have done. The styling, the look of the film and even our characters have consciously been made different so that it looks fresh. I and Kartik look nice together.Post your chemistry in Pyaar Ka Punchnama, did you have to work harder on your chemistry to convince audiences that there is something fresh in this jodi? It's a fight for every actor to surpass what they have done in their previous film especially when it is accepted hugely. Everyone loved PKP and it appealed to a mass. We have to surpass from what we did in that film so that that we are not doing the routine thing. At all times you have to be really aware, that's all. For my character as Vani, nothing as Neha (from the film PKP) could have worked. Both the characters are from a different world, speak different languages and the love that Neha had with Rajat in PKP was all that she knew. Vani will have a different way of loving.Abhishek Pathak has gone on to say that it will be a romantic film on the likes of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge and Dil Toh Pagal Hain. Does that put pressure on you? In the history of cinema, such romantic films are either done with either absolute newcomers or relatively new actors. For example, take films like Ishq Vishq, Qayamat Se Qayamat and the likes; they have always worked with fresh characters. That's why Luv sir chose to work with us. We had done a film earlier with him. I and Kartik still have that freshness so we were cast. The director (Luv Ranjan) has squeezed every emotion out foe m for this film.You've experimenting with different characters be it Love, Sex aur Dhoka, Pyaar Ka Punchnama or Akaash Vani. Does being versatile help in getting an actor noticed? I don't know how this industry works. There is no formula. I believe that if I do good work something in the universe will fall right for it. This is all that I have in terms of work so it's not about being versatile.In all your three films, you are cast opposite newcomers. Does it help to be paired opposite an established star? Of course it does! It boosts anyone's career. You get that leverage and also get noticed. Eventually however your work speaks for you. People may know Nargis Fakhri or Ileana D'Cruz more than they know me and that's because they are paired opposite big stars. Or then you have a filmmaker like Karan Johar who believes in the youth and who will ensure you are in the limelight even if he's casting newcomers. But if you don't have either, all you have to fall back on is your work. I don't imagine myself being paired with anyone.A director you are looking forward to working with? At one point, I had a long list of people I wanted to work with. But over the last year, I would rather work with a director who wants to work with me rather than the other way round. If a director does not have faith in me that I can never play the role because I'll be trying to prove myself all the time. I'll be fighting a battle against myself.With no godfather in the industry, how do you ensure that you get the roles you are looking for? I have made every other person who has helped me my godfather. From my casting director to my line producer and especially Kumar Mangat. I cannot think of anyone who has put in so much time, effort and money on me, especially when they didn't have to. They could have taken a bigger star cast. It's been good this far.Being in the industry as a newcomer, what's the most important lesson you have learnt or are learning? Never take anything for granted, no matter how small it may seem. Keeping your work above everything else is most important, it shouldn't matter whether you are written about or not. Of course there are elements that go into making a star but it should not be your ultimate goal. If you don't love what you are doing, there's no point because it will never work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749533", "title": "Cathedral Church all set for a new look this Christmas", "text": "LUCKNOW: This year, visitors at St Joseph's Cathedral church will get to see a different Christmas exhibition, with the church displaying the new colourful statues depicting the birth of Jesus Christ. Made up of fibre, the statues have been ordered from Kolkata and are light in weight. The statues represent the characters of the play and are of baby Jesus, Joseph, Mary, three kings, shepherd, sheep and cow. \"In order to introduce something new in the exhibition, we got the statues,\" said Denis D'Souza, principal of Cathedral Senior Secondary School.Besides statues, pictures showing miracles performed by Jesus are also on display. \"The miracle signifies the God's power in our lives. We should have faith in God and he will perform miracles in our life, when we need it most,\" said Shubhi Sharma, a housewife. The Christmas exhibition will run at the church till December 27. Ritu Tandon who along with her friends had visited the church said, \"The new statues have enhanced the beauty of the exhibition.\"Meanwhile, Christmas was celebrated with enthusiasm at Bachpan Day Care Centre where early rehabilitative interventions are provided to mentally challenged, visually and hearing impaired children of three to six years of age. Santa Claus distributed cakes, sweets and gifts to the children. Christmas festivities were held at St Joseph Inter-College with a craft exhibition whose theme was pollution. Students made models and projects based on soil pollution, water pollution, noise pollution, air pollution, soil erosion and global warming. At SDSN Public School children presented various cultural programs. Founder Jagjivan Prasad and principal BC Bhatt encouraged children and appreciated for their performances. Similarly, students of Delhi Public School, Indiranagar sang Christmas carols and staged a play on sharing and caring.City churches celebrating year of faithTo help people repose their faith in God, churches across the city are celebrating the year of faith. Earlier Pope Benedict XVI has declared the period from October 2012 to October 2013 as the year of faith. Donald HR De Souza, chancellor, diocese of Lucknow said, \"Due to commercialisation, most of the people are unaware about the deeper aspect of the religion. To renew their faith, the year of faith is being celebrated across the world.\" Denis D'Souza, principal of Cathedral Senior Secondary School said, \"Faith is a gift from God and after praying, the devotees get an assurance that they will receive the Lord's blessing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "parvathipuram (vizianagaram)", "code": "17750085", "title": "4 drown on Vaikuntha Ekadasi", "text": "PARVATHIPURAM (VIZIANAGARAM): Four persons drowned while taking a holy dip in Nagavali river near Sri Venkateswara Swamy temple at Thotapalli in the district on Monday. The incident took place when the four, were taking part in Govinda Deeksha and went into the river for a holy bath on Vaikuntha Ekadasi, an auspicious day as per the Telugu calendar year.The deceased were identified as V Prasada Rao, 35, V Srinivasa Rao, 42, V Pavan Kumar, 15 and P Sai Teja, 17, all from the same family and residents of Baji junction near Gopalapatnam in Visakhapatnam. Of these, Prasada Rao and Srinivasa Rao were working as assistant loco pilots in Waltair division of East Coast Railways.On receiving information of the incident, Parvatipuram police reached the spot and pressed swimmers into service to retrieve the bodies. Police said that they were able to retrieve two bodies (Sai Teja and Srinivasa Rao) till Monday evening, and the search operation would continue till the remaining bodies are found.Police said that the deceased were part of a family of 12, who came to the Thotapalli temple from Vizag on Monday morning.After having darshan, four of the family members ventured into the river near the old barrage to take a holy dip, but were swept away by the flow of water from the barrage.Police said that they were able to retrieve two bodies till Monday evening, and that the search operation would continue till the other two bodies are found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749535", "title": "BJP picks Atal words to back Modi's candidature", "text": "LUCKNOW: When Gujarat was up in flames during 2002 riots, the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee had reminded the state's chief minister Narendra Modi to follow \"rajdharma\" (duty of the ruler). He modified it later to say that Modi was indeed following the \"rajdharma\". But Vajpayee's statement, who was Lucknow MP then, had created ripples in the political circles.A decade later, when Narendra Modi has completed hat-trick of wins in Gujarat elections and being pitted as a strong contender for the post once occupied by Vajpayee, some UP BJP leaders are again playing up former PM's words, though this time to convey a positive message for Gujarat CM.On the eve of Vajpayee's 88th birthday on Monday, these leaders put up hoardings in Lucknow heralding a bigger role for Modi. The hoarding reads \"Bade lakshya bade mann se prapt hotey hain (bigger goals are achieved through a bigger heart )\". Though Vajpayee's words, they were not stated directly for Modi. This time, the message translates into an indicative clarion call - \"Bade lakshya ki hai taiyyari ab rashtra dharm ki baari\"... -- for Modi and the BJP to move towards bigger goals.The hoarding further reads: \"Somnath ne diya aashirwaad, Lal kile per ho ekatma-manavaad (indicating towards Hindutva, the main political plank of BJP).\"While BJP leaders in the state capital were busy celebrating Atal's birthday by inaugurating development works and offering prayers, the question doing the rounds is whether Modi will emulate the former or end up PM-in-waiting like LK Advani.BJP insiders say hoardings depict the popular sentiment among party workers and several leaders, who support Modi's candidature but desist from making it public.While inaugurating beautification work of 88 parks on the eve of Vajpayee's birthday, BJP MLA from Lucknow East Kalraj Mishra told TOI that Modi is a national leader and his acceptance has increased in every part of the country. However, decision on Modi's candidature will be taken at an appropriate forum of the party, Kalraj added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "17751353", "title": "Education dept seeks details of land for CUB at Motihari", "text": "MOTIHARI: Amarjeet Sinha, principal secretary, education department, in a letter to East Champaran district magistrate (DM), has directed to send details of the land to be acquired for establishment of the much coveted Central University at Motihari.With such proactive steps taken by the authority, now the people of Champaran can realise their long-cherished dream of establishment of a Central University at Motihari, as no more space is left for any controversy. DM Abhijit Sinha said the required 300 acres of land of different farmers have been finally selected with the consent of land owners of Bankat-Bairiya village near Motihari and the revenue officials with circle officer, amin and karmchari after spot verification of the land, examination of maps and documents of lands finally prepared the draft and map of the land.He said all related documents required by government would be sent in a day or two. The farmers of this village have readily agreed to offer their lands for establishment of the university.Chief minister Nitish Kumar on November 20, 2008 had announced on the day of opening a new engineering college at Motihari that Central University will be established at Motihari after the name of Mahatma Gandhi as Champaran is the workplace of Gandhi, where he first experimented with Satyagrah. On the request of the state government, the union HRD ministry sent a site selection committee at Motihari in 2009. But the committee members did not approve the site and the then HRD minister Kapil Sibal announced that CUB would be established at Gaya. However, Nitish was adamant on his earlier stand and on his initiation both the Houses of state legislature passed a resolution for establishment of CUB at Motihari. But the controversy refused to die down and in three-and-a-half years time the Union HRD ministry on July 14, 2012 announced to open two Central universities in Bihar at Motihari and Gaya respectively.The people of Champaran, who are eagerly waiting for the foundation laying and formal launching of Central University here, have sent a request to Prime Minister Man Mohan Singh to lay the foundation of this university after the name of Mahatma Gandhi. A delegation of Champaran under the leadership of Akhilesh Prasad Singh, former union minister will meet the PM in this regard in January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17751579", "title": "Construction worker found murdered", "text": "COIMBATORE: The body of a construction worker was found in a pool of blood with head injuries near a construction site at Sathya Nagar near Kuniamuthur here late Sunday night.Police said K Venkatraman (30), from Mallupatti in Krishnagiri district joined work four days ago in the construction of a house at Sathya Nagar. He was staying at the construction site. On Sunday, residents of the area informed Kuniamuthur police that Venkatraman was found murdered with his head smashed with stones.Assistant commissioner of police (south-sub division) K Ramachandran, Kuniamuthur police inspector Rabi Sujin Jose and his team went to the spot. The body was sent to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem.A sniffer dog was taken to the crime scene and forensic experts lifted finger prints. Police said the deceased had been working in various construction projects in the city for the last two years. They suspect that Venkatraman could have been murdered due to previous enmity or perhaps due to marital discord.\"The exact motive for the murder is yet to be ascertained. Police are in the process of investigating the case,\" said ACP Ramachandran.Coimbatore: A 30-year-old man was found murdered in a brutal manner after an unidentified person dropped a stone and smashed his head in a constructing site at Sathya Nagar near Kuniamuthur in the city on Sunday night. Police said, the deceased was staying at the construction site for the last four days and suspected previous enmity was the reason for the murder.The deceased was identified as K Venkatraman of Mallupatti in Krishnagiri district was a construction worker. He was working in various constriction sites in Coimbatore city. Four days ago, Venkatraman had gone to Sathya Nagar and was working at a new house construction site. He stayed in the house for the last four days.The residents of the area informed Kuniamuthur police on Sunday that the construction worker was found murdered in a pool of blood at the construction site. Assistant commissioner of police (south-sub division) K Ramachandran, Kuniamuthur police inspector Rabi Sujin Jose and his team rushed to the spot and held inquiry with the locals. The body was sent to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem.A sniffer dog was taken to the crime scene by the police and the dog ran nearby areas and did not find anything. Finger prints experts lifted finger prints from the crime scene. Police said, the deceased was working in various construction sites for the last two years in the city. He had developed an extra martial affair and had previous enmity with some persons.\"The exact reaction of the murder yet to be known and the detailed investigation is on,\" said ACP Ramachandran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17749534", "title": "Fraud case against SAD leader over land deal", "text": "PATIALA: Tripadi police have registered a fraud case involving Rs 35 lakh against a ruling Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) leader and former chairman of block samiti, Sanaur, on the recommendations of economic offences wing (EO) of Patiala.Former chairman Baldev Bathoi had allegedly claimed to be the owner of 42 bighas of land near Sanaur before Balwinder Kaur, who wanted to purchase the land. In December 2011, Bathoi had taken Rs 35 lakh as advance from Balwinder and took six months' time for registration of sale deed in the name of Kaur. But since Bathoi is not the real owner of land and he had only signed an agreement with the real owner of land, he failed to get the sale deed registered in the name of Balwinder Kaur.When Bathoi failed to fulfill his promise, Kaur started demanding her money back. But neither Bathoi returned the money to Kaur nor did he get the sale deed registered in her name. When Kaur's attempts to get her money back failed, she approached Patiala SSP in July, who marked an inquiry to EO wing. After investigations, the EO wing recommended registration of a case against Bathoi for fraud.\"We have registered a fraud case against Baldev Batoi, who is a former chairman of block samiti, Sanaur, and six others. We are trying to arrest them. Since they got to know about possible registration of case against them during the EO wing inquiry, all of them have fled their homes,\" said Tripadi police station SHO Karnsher Singh.Repeated attempts to contact Bathoi proved futile as his mobile phone was not reachable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17751207", "title": "Thirsting for water", "text": "26 public taps are all that feed the fields and the 4,000-plus residents of this stunning village that is on the global map thanks to 'Poltodcho munis'Panchanama - Morpirla - QuepemInternationally-acclaimed Konkani film 'Poltodcho munis' which was shot in Morpirla pitchforked the village into the global limelight. But few know that this green village is thirsting for drinking water.Although around 90% of the land in this panchayat is under agriculture, it faces acute water shortage. And while 26 public taps exist in the seven-member panchayat of about 4,000 people, no house has a connection.Locals allege that if they ask for a connection they are told by the PWD that there's insufficient water for a domestic connection.Former ZP member Prakash Arjun Velip says, \"Ninety per cent of Morpirla's residents are from the scheduled tribe communities of Gaonkars and Velips. They have to rely entirely on public tap water, which is released three times a day for only a few hours.\" Sarpanch Nilu B Gaonkar says, \"The panchayat gets income only from house tax and it is just Rs 17,000 per annum. But the water department has sent us a bill of Rs 12 lakh as charges for the public taps. This is a big burden on the panchayat. We have taken a resolution in the previous gram sabha to request the government to waive this bill. We have forwarded the resolution to the minister.\"He further pointed out that as the pipeline from Balli to Morpirla is just six inches in diametre diameter the pressure of water is insufficient to provide domestic tap connections.Calling the pipeline \"useless\", Velip explained that locals rely on a local spring for water from July to January. \"But from February it runs dry.\"A storage tank of 10,000-litre capacity stands on the top of the hill in the village. Spring water is collected in this tank and supplied to all the public taps by gravity. Another storage tank on a lower level collects water released by the PWD from the Selaulim dam. When the spring dries up in February water from this lower tank is pumped to the higher tank to supply the taps.Paik Puro Velip says, \"The government has failed to heed our demand for water connectivity to Kazuwada, Kanibhag and Dabem villages.\"He points to a bigger-diameter pipeline from Balli to Betul \"where there are no houses, and which is meant for the proposed industrial estate/food park on the Betul plateau\". \"Though the pipeline passes through Dabem village where around 400 people reside, the village has not been given any water connection. This is a grave injustice to the people of Dabem,\" says the senior citizen.Agrees deputy sarpanch Ravisha Gaonkar who represents Dabem; \"there are a few wells in the village but they dry up very fast. We have to rely on water tankers and these too are limited.\"MLA Chandrakant 'Babu' Kavlekar agrees that the people of Morpirla are facing severe water problems. He says the new pipeline from Selaulim to Betul, laid at a cost of Rs 17 crore, will benefit the people of Quepem constituency.\"The main reason in having this pipeline till Betul is to store water on Betul plateau as it is at the highest point. The government had acquired 40,000 sq m of land to construct storage tanks at Betul. Water will be distributed from these storage tanks to the four panchayat areas of Betul, Morpirla, Fatorpa and Balli. Even some parts of Salcete will be covered by these storage tanks,\" explained Kavlekar.Selaulim water which caters to residents even up to Vasco has a main junction at Ambaulim from where its branches supply different villages. Kavlekar said that in 2004 he executed a Rs 5.5-crore pipeline from Ambaulim to Nayaband, Balli, by constructing a storage tank.Paik Puro Velip says, \"Since most of the villagers in our panchayat depend entirely on agriculture for livelihood we have sent many proposals to the government to construct bundhs in the ?? rivulet. At least four bundhs can be built at Morpirla, and this will definitely help at least some fields and the vegetable cultivation.\"Prakash Velip points to a science and technology department study from 2001 to 2006 that found 15 sangam points in the village to collect water for agriculture.Arjun D Velip, a resident of Darmond, a ward of the panchayat created four years ago, says, \"Though there are 25 houses here, there is not a single public tap as there is no pipeline. No water tanker has come this way for two years either. We get water from one well located a good distance away.\"Discussed in every gram sabha, the panchayat's request for a pipeline has not been heeded by the government, locals say.Problem problemNo road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17749956", "title": "Villagers persuade rape victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s family to file complaint in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: Villagers in Raipur district of Chhattisgarh forced the parents of 14-year-old girl who was raped to file a police complaint against the accused.The minor was allegedly raped on Saturday night by Bacchu Tiwari, 26, the son of the local landlord Vijay Tiwari.Finding her alone in her home, Bacchu dragged the girl to a nearby room and raped her. The girl's family and neighbours woke up to her screams and tried to break open the locked door. By the time they managed to get to her, Bacchu had fled.According to a police officer, the Bacchu's family initially tried to 'settle' the matter and offered money. \"They tried to convince the girl's step-father, who was also reluctant to register a case. When the villagers pressurized him, only then he filed a complaint,\" the officer said.The accused was arrested late on Sunday his relative's place. Villagers staged a protest against the incident. Vijay Tiwari has appealed for strict action against his son. \"Hang him,\" he told the agitated villagers. An investigation into the incident is ongoing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751512", "title": "Rare migratory birds spotted in region", "text": "INDORE: It was rare sight for bird watchers in Indore. A black stork was sighted for the first time in the vicinity of Indore.\"It was on Thursday December 20, when I first spotted a pair of black stork some five kilometers from village Kanadia, in a irrigation pond,\" said ornithologist and wildlife photographer, Shariq Khan.Black stork (scientific name ciconia nigra) is a migratory bird categorized as winter visitor and is seen in some parts of Asia during winters. \"Natives of the pale Arctic region, these birds can be spotted in some parts of the country, but they are rarely spotted in the region.\"Black stork is slightly smaller in size than a white stork. \"The bird has a red beak complementing its black silhouette. I had spotted the species in larger numbers in Bhopal . Local people claimed that they never saw the birds there before and one year later I spotted the uncommon bird in Indore.\"Black storks are rarely spotted in wide openings. \"Characteristically, they are shy and prefer deep forests and wet lands during there migration period. \"The birds are known to have a few months long migratory period and can prolong their stay here till March or April. I also plan to visit the place later where I spotted the birds. I guess they should be there until December end as there would plenty of water for them there.\"\"Other winter birds like northern shovelers, northern pintails, common teals, gadwalls, gargeny teals, ruddy shelduck, grey heron, great cormorant, Indian cormorant, western marsh harrier, common and spotted redshanks can also be spotted here.\" While some of the duck species to be seen during this season are common pochards, red crested pochards, Eurasian wigeons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748493", "title": "Women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s collective and human rights groups oppose death penalty for rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly 50 women's collectives and human rights groups and over 100 social and political activists from across the country on Thursday opposed death penalty for rape saying it was \"neither a deterrent nor an effective or ethical response to these acts of sexual violence.\" The voices demanding death for rape have become increasingly strident following the brutal rape of a 23-year-old in the city a week ago.The groups, including People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL), Tamil Nadu Women Fish Workers Forum , Citizen's Collective against Sexual Assault (CCSA) and Jagori, said in a statement, \"The logic of awarding death penalty to rapists is based on the belief that rape is worse than death. Patriarchal notions of 'honour' lead us to believe that rape is the worst thing that can happen to a woman. There is a need to strongly challenge this stereotype of the 'destroyed' woman who loses her honour and who has no place in society after she has been sexually assaulted. We believe that rape is a tool of patriarchy, an act of violence, and has nothing to do with morality, character or behaviour.\"Speaking at a press conference, lawyer Vrinda Grover, who with five others represented the signatories, endorsed a stricter enforcement of the law, coupled with the recognition of a variety of sexual crimes in a gradation. \"As long as we have a low conviction rate, the severity of the punishment won't matter. The question of punishment arises only after conviction. We need certainty of punishment,\" she said.\"We also take deep offence to Sushma Swaraj calling the rape survivor a zinda laash (living dead). Rape survivors like Bhanwari Devi and Bilkis Bano, give us strength. They are still fighting their battles,\" said Grover, who called for the creation of a \"feminist jurisprudence\".In the wake of protesters being lathi-charged at Raisina Hill, instances of sexual violence inflicted by the State machinery also came in for strong condemnation. \"The State often reserves for itself the 'right to kill' - through the armed forces, the paramilitary and the police. We cannot forget the torture, rape and murder of Thangjam Manorama by the Assam Rifles in Manipur in 2004 or the abduction, gang rape and murder of Neelofar and Aasiya of Shopian (Kashmir) in 2009,\" said the statement. It also pointed out the misuse of this power and the potential counter-productive nature of the death penalty with the example of Soni Sori, who suffered custodial rape in Chhatisgarh.\"In 2010 there was a fundamental change in the Criminal Law Amendment Bill, without any consultation with women's groups or lawyers and academicians who have for years worked in this space. According to the 2012 bill, the offender can be both a man or a woman. We had [in our drafts to the Home Ministry] asked for a move away from the limited definition of rape as peno-vaginal penetration. There is no understanding of a graded nature of sexual assault. It could be leering, brushing past, catcalling, stripping or forced penetration,\" said Grover, while also pointing out that the judicial committee that has been constituted to review rape laws doesn't have a single person who is an expert on sexual violence.Women's rights campaigner Nandini Rao of Jagori, lauded the spirit of the protesters who had taken to the streets but rallied for a measured response and a holistic approach for long-term solutions. \"I am amazed to see the response of the young people out on the streets and appreciate their participation. At the same time, the response to the problem has been on a gut-level so far,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749747", "title": "Delay in FSL report means justice denied to rape victims", "text": "JAIPUR: Over one year ago 14-year-old Sarita (name changed) and her parents walked up to the police station to file an FIR. It took thema lot of courage for the victim and her family to do so. Sarita from village Hasteda, Govingarh in Jaipur district was kidnapped, raped and held captive for two months.But despite a fast track court completing the trial, the status on FIR number 118 dated 23/6/11 is still pending, awaiting a forensic science laboratory (FSL) report. And till such time that the police produce the FSL report in the court, the charge sheet no. 90/11 would just gather dust in the court files and Sarita would be denied justiceto see her offenders booked under law.\"The trial in the case has been completed. But for several months now the court has been demanding the FSL report for which repeated reminders have been sent to the Govindgarh police station. But despite several reminders there is absolutely no response from the police which is delaying justice for Sarita,\" said her advocate Babita Sharma. And because the final judgment is still awaited, Sarita is also bereft of the chief minister Ashok Ghelot's 'Victim Compensation Scheme,' as the authorities demand the final court verdict, she said.On January 5 this year, the home department issued a notification saying victims of rape were to be compensated with Rs 3 lakh. The financial support was to be granted from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund. Among the various budgetary sops announced by the chief minister, this too was widely advertised in newspapers.\"When we read about this scheme in the papers, we thought there was hope for girls like Sarita. But we have been running from pillar to post to help her as she hails from a financially weak background. She had to migrate to another town as her parents could no longer keep her here. For months the Rajasthan State Legal Services Authority kept saying it has no directions or clarity on the execution process. But now we have stopped chasing this as Sarita's application is still pending because of delay in the FSL report that is in turn delaying the court decision,\" said Babita.Sarita who was sleeping in the open with her parents was picked up by one Narender who abducted her and took her to Indore along with two of his friends Shankar and Birbal. While Narender is behind bars, Shankar and Birbal are scouting free, out on bail.But Sarita has been battling humiliation and stigma, at a tender age. First it was in the trial court where she had to face an embarrassing volley of questions in front of several male advocates. While it is mandatory in such cases that there be a camera trial, Sarita had to stand in the open court and answer to all the questions. Add to that she is one among the many minor girls in the state who are still waiting for the compensation announced by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17751167", "title": "Pernem taxi operators meet Parrikar over 'Russian invasion'", "text": "MAPUSA: Over 100 agitated tourist taxi operators from Morjim, Mandrem and Arambol met chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday and demanded action against Russians for illegally operating the taxi business along Pernem taluka's beach stretch.The local populace, relying on small businesses, are agitated over the growing instances of Russians and Ukrainians, mostly on tourist visas, slowly taking control over tourism-related businesses in Morjim, Mandrem and Arambol. On December 17, taxi operators from Morjim had met local MLA and health minister Laxmikant Parsekar and urged him to look into their grievances. Parsekar had assured the taxi operators that he would take up the matter with the chief minister. The taxi operators, in the presence of Parsekar, informed Parrikar of the \"threat\" they are facing this tourist season.\"Travel agencies run by foreigners are eating into the taxi business being run by locals,\" said Vasant Shetgaonkar, who is leading the taxi operators' cause.Foreigners venturing into running the tourist taxi business have annoyed local tourist taxi operators the most, as it is a small time business involving poor class people, the affected taxi operators claim.\"Some have bought new taxis. The monthly installment itself is 15,000 to 20,000 and with the invasion by the foreigners in the business, they only end up with business of 150-300 a day. Life has become miserable for them,\" Shetgaonkar said.\"After understanding the problems faced by us, the chief minister assured us and said that he will solve our problem within two days and asked us not to worry,\" Shetgaonkar said.Local taxi operators said Russians have been operating the taxi business by arranging for vehicles in the beach belt from Morjim to Arambol. Some Russians have also opened a travel agency in Arambol. To avoid clashes with local taxi operators, tourists deal with the foreign taxi operators outside the villages and engage their services for their travel.Locals have also demanded action from the chief minister against Russians putting up signboards in the Russian language at their establishments. The locals also warned that if their problem was not solved before December 27, they will resort to strikes and agitations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748574", "title": "Delhi gang rape: BJP delegation meets Pranab, slams govt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s attitude", "text": "NEW DELHI: Acknowledging that there was a \"sense of national outrage\" over the gang-rape of a young woman in a moving bus, President Pranab Mukherjee on Monday assured a delegation of BJP leaders that he would convey to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh their demand for a special session of Parliament.\"The anger and agony of the youth is understandable. There is a sense of national outrage,\" the President told the BJP delegation led by party veteran L K Advani in which leaders of opposition in both Houses Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley were also present. Advani told the media after the meeting that the half-hour meeting was good and BJP put forward its suggestions to the President.Mukherjee told the delegation that he would act as per the powers vested in him and take up the matter with the PM and home minister Sushilkumar Shinde . However, he felt that the anger of the youth should not overcome reason and there was need for practical action.The BJP held a meeting of its core group and general secretaries on Monday morning to discuss the \"government's attitude\" in the wake of the gang-rape and the surge of protests. It was decided that a delegation of BJP leaders meet the President.After the meeting, Swaraj said, \"Both our suggestions of an all-party meeting and a special session of Parliament have been rejected by the government as the government seems to have more faith on the lathis of the police than on the political parties.\"She added that the home minister had spoken to her on phone some time before the BJP delegation met the President and said that \"there is no need for an all-party meeting now, it can be called when there is a need for it\".Calling the home minister's response to the debate on this issue in Parliament \"tame, timid and casual\", she said, \"In spite of deep revulsion and anger in the country, the government's handling of the issue has been rather non-serious. Because of all this, the country erupted with anger led by the youth, who rightly want accountability and action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17749727", "title": "Cops facing heat in rape cases, four suspended in Alwar", "text": "Alwar: The national outrage over the Delhi gangrape case has turned the heat on Rajasthan police too. The state government on Monday suspended a sub inspector and three constables in Alwar and the station incharge was sent to police lines over delay in registration of an First Information Report after the rape of a 6-year-old girl.TOI had highlighted the cops' indifference towards the victim's parents.No case was registered even three days after the rape of the child and it was only after her parents approached the district superintendent of police, that a case was filed.On Sunday, Union minister of state for sports and youth affairs Bhanwar Jitendra Singh , who represents Alwar constituency, called on the victim's family and instructed police to expedite the investigation in the case.The girl was raped by a man after he lured her into an abandoned house with chocolate on December 17. \"The family members told me that police did not register an FIR and instead threatened them. They pressurized her family to lodge a case of scuffle and not rape. It is a very serious issue,\" Singh told newsmen on Sunday.SP Dutta said, \"It was found that sub inspector Anita Meena, head constable Mohan Singh , constable Amar Singh and constable Badri Prasad along with the station incharge Ganpat Meena were found callous while handing the case. Thus three of them, including the sub-inspector, a head constable and two constables were suspended while the station incharge was sent to the lines.\"\"It was also found that the role of deputy superintendent of police (south), Ashok Meena was not satisfactory. Thus we have recommended for action against him as well,\" Dutta added.Locals say that the mounting anger against the police and the way rape cases were being handled by them has literally compelled the government to take stringent action.Earlier on Saturday, the state government had removed Hanumangarh district superintendent of police Dr Ravi following the gangrape of a 10-year-old girl on December 14. It triggered an outburst of anger as people of organised protests against the authorities. However, the police had arrested six persons almost a week after the incident.According to the child's family, she sustained serious injuries and has been drifting in and out of consciousness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749431", "title": "Marathi actors, child killed in e-way accident", "text": "PUNE: Well-known Marathi film and theatre personalities Anand Abhyankar (50) and Akshay Pendse (33) were killed when a speeding truck crashed into their car after crossing a road divider on the Pune-Mumbai expressway at Baur village late on Sunday night. Pendse's two-year-old son, Pratyush, was also killed.Pendse's wife Dipti (30) and Abhyankar's driver Suresh Jagdish Patil (30) escaped with minor injuries.Police sub-inspector P B Suryavanshi of the Vadgaon Maval police station told TOI that the accident happened around 11.15 pm, when Abhyankar was returning to Mumbai after shooting for the Marathi film, 'Koknastha', in Pune.\"Abhyankar was driving his new car in the slow lane of the expressway and his driver was sitting next to him. After crossing the Urse toll plaza, they had barely travelled 10 km when a speeding truck, heading towards Pune, crossed the divider and crashed into their car,\" he said.Suryavanshi said that the truck hit the right side of the car. Such was the impact that Abhyankar and Pendse, who was sitting behind the driver's seat, died on the spot. Abhyankar died of injuries on the head and chest, while Pendse died due to head injuries. Pendse's son, Pratyush, had also sustained severe head injuries and was declared dead on arrival at a private hospital in Nigdi, Suryavanshi said.Suryavanshi said that the truck involved in the accident was not loaded and the driver was alone in the cabin. \"We suspect that the driver may have fallen asleep and lost control over the vehicle,\" he said.Truck driver Shrimant Lahu Mayle (35) of Osmanabad has been arrested.Abhyankar's body was brought to his home at Dahanukar colony here, while Pendse's body was taken to his residence in Narayan Peth. The last rites were performed at the Vaikunth crematorium in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749407", "title": "Municipal Corporation general body gives conditional approval to PCMC- Swargate metro", "text": "PUNE: After getting a go-ahead from the standing committee, the general body of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Monday gave a green signal to the metro corridor between Pimpri-Chinchawad and Swargate. However, this consent comes with a rider: Both the corporations should pay 5% each to the total cost of the corridor. This very condition is likely to cause a fresh dispute between the municipal corporations of Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad as the PCMC was against this arrangement right from the inception of the metro.In the proposal submitted to the standing committee earlier this month, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak had said, \"As per the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation report, there is a need to form a special purpose vehicle to implement the metro project in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. The PCMC has informed the PMC that it is ready for the first corridor between PCMC and Swargate. Hence, the PMC should also approve it, along with the formation of the special purpose vehicle.\"The PCMC to Swargate route is 16.59 km long. Out of this, 7.15 km stretch falls in Pimpri-Chinchwad and the remaining 9.44 km would pass through the Khadki Cantonment and PMC areas. At one point, the PMC had decided to drop the first corridor involving Pimpri Chinchwad and start work on the second corridor (Vanaz to Ramwadi) accusing the PCMC of dragging its feet on the project.Earlier in 2010-2011, the PMC standing committee had approved a resolution stating that the PMC and the PCMC will contribute 5% each of the total cost of the project. However, leaders in the PCMC insisted that the corporation will contribute only 5% share of the cost of the metro route that runs within the PCMC limits. This had lead to a dispute between the two municipal corporations.In its latest proposal sent to the PMC earlier this month, the PCMC had given a pro rata formula for calculating the total expense where the respective corporations will contribute 10% of the total project cost, which will be calculated in proportion with the length of the corridor in their limits. The PMC's civic administration and the standing committee approved the proposal this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749380", "title": "Apex builder body sacks CEO, two execs for fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: It is considered to be the most powerful and influential body representing leading property developers across the state. Yet, something unheard of happened last week when the three-decade-old Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI-CREDAI) sacked its chief executive officer (CEO) Zubin Mehta and two senior executives from the accounts department over alleged financial fraud.This development has created a stir among top builders affiliated to MCHI-CREDAI. Developers TOI contacted chose to remain tight-lipped, while other members said the organization was deliberating whether to file a police complaint. Mehta could not be contacted for his comment.MCHI president Paras Gundecha played down the incident and said that those involved in the alleged fraud were asked to go on leave till the inquiry is complete.However, sources within the body said they were sacked last week after the alleged fraud came to light. This is perhaps a rare case where builders have been cheated.A senior MCHI member told this newspaper that certain malpractices were detected during the high-profile property exhibition held recently in the Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC).\"It was found that the errant employees submitted inflated bills for various items. For instance, the air-conditioning cost was around Rs 65 lakh, but they billed us an inflated rate ofRs 85 lakh,\" said the source. \"Shockingly, this defalcation was going on for the past five to six years. It is strange that MCHI's managing committee did not detect this earlier,\" he added.MCHI-CREDAI holds two mega exhibitions annually-in April and October at MMRDA Grounds in BKC-and three suburban property exhibitions in Thane, Bhayander and Kalyan every year.This year, MCHI outsourced the BKC exhibition to an agency. The managing committee discovered that the bills submitted by the agency were different from what its (MCHI's) senior executives had showed them.MCHI-CREDAI claims to have a membership of over 1,000 developers in Mumbai and has expanded across the Mumbai metropolitan region. Among its objectives are \"to develop a common platform of interest connected with construction industry for supporting or opposing legislations affecting the interests of construction industry and take constructive action\".It also lobbies with the municipal corporation, the state and central governments on issues relating to the housing industry.Three years ago, MCHI was embroiled in a controversy when it came to light that it had pooled in Rs 1.5 crore from 30 builders to purchase bullet-proof jackets for the Mumbai police. The builders claimed the money was collected on the suggestion of the then police chief D Sivanandhan.However, state home minister R R Patil gave a clean chit to Sivanandhan and said no law was flouted because of this donation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17750604", "title": "Security tightened on Christmas eve", "text": "BERHAMPUR: There was no lax in security arrangements in Kandhamal district on the eve of Christmas with additional forces being deployed in communally sensitive areas despite a green signal from Kandhamal Kui Samaj Samanwaya Samiti (KKSSS), which had earlier called for a two-day bandh on December 25 and 26.KKSSS reportedly agreed to hold peaceful meeting at Barkhama on December 25 and 26 as a mark of respect to their leader, Khageswar Mallick, who had died in 2007 riots. The decision was taken at the district peace committee meeting on Sunday attended by police, district administration officers and representatives of different communities. KKSSS members were also present.Police, however, are taking no chances. An additional 30 platoons along with 50 police officers have been stationed across the district to maintain law and order. Armed police have been deployed in sensitive areas and at churches, said SP (Kandhamal) J N Pankaj.Security forces also made flag marches in vulnerable areas. While vehicles are being checked, night patrolling has been intensified in the district.\"All steps have been taken to ensure peaceful Christmas celebrations,\" said collector B S Punia. The district had witnessed ethno religious riots in 2007 and 2008 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17751359", "title": "Impostor gets life term for minor's rape", "text": "BHOPAL: An impostor, who lured and raped an 11-year-old Dalit girl in Sagar district in 2011, was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment by a district court on Monday.Issuing the orders, special judge for SC/ST cases -- of the rank of additional district judge - Bharat Bhushan Shrivastav, directed the district collector to take all possible steps for the rehabilitation and support of the victim.The victim was reported missing by her parents on November 10 in 2011. Investigation showed that she was lured by Vinod alias Sitaram alias Bander Wale Baba, whom the villagers considered a devotee of Lord Hanuman.Police tracked his location and managed to arrest the accused from his hideout in Raisen on December 12 within 48 hours of filing of the complaint. The victim, who was raped by the accused, was also recovered from the same spot.He was booked under Section 363, 366, 376 of IPC, Section 3 (2/5) of the SC/ST Act and sent to jail. Chargesheet was submitted before the competent court within 40 days of his arrest.Police said several children used to visit his house to get prasad everyday and the victim was one of them. The accused took her to Raisen on the pretext of giving prasad and raped her. The accused also warned her against telling anyone about the act. Once recovered, the girl, however, narrated the matter to her parents and the police. A medical examination of the victim confirmed the rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753014", "title": "Gautham Karthik celebrates in Ooty", "text": "Gautham Karthik, son of yesteryear actor Karthik who is making his debut in Kollywood with Mani Ratnam's 'Kadal' along with Thulasi Nair is eagerly awaiting the release of the film. The young hero celebrated Christmas along with his family in Ooty at his grandparents' farm.Wishing everyone on the occasion Gautham tweeted \"Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas!!! It is a time for family and love and cheer :) Merry Merry Christmas to all!\"' Kadal ' has music by A R Rahman and the film will hit the screens in January 2013. Thulasi, younger daughter of yesteryear actress Radha, is also making her debut with this film, which is teenage love story set in the backdrop of a fishing village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17751568", "title": "5 more day care centres in Aurangabad", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) is planning to set up five additional day care centres in the city.The women and child welfare committee of the AMC recently approved a proposal to open new centres at Chikhalthana, Mukunwadi, Ambedkarnagar, Milindnagar and Sangharshanagar localities in January. At present, there are only two day care centres that offer services to 175 needy children.\"We are planning one such centre in every slum to help mothers who go out to work during the day leaving the child behind. We are committed to start 10 such centres in the city by March next year,\" said Premlata Karad, head of the department of women and child welfare committee of the corporation.Besides, the AMC is also planning a special day care centre for the children of HIV infected patients who frequently visit hospitals in the city. The proposed centre may be opened in a nearby locality in the Government Medical College and Hospital area. \"A large number of patients come to the hospital every day for check ups. Some of the poor patients face difficulties in finding proper place for their children. The new day care centre will be of great help to such patients as they can keep their children here and undergo treatment,\" said an AMC official.The municipal corporation recently conducted interviews of representatives of NGOs and selected five of them for carrying out the work. Each NGO will be allotted one day care centre.For every day care centre of 100 children, the corporation gives Rs 1.75 lakh per month to the NGO. The NGO is expected to provide two meals and snacks to every child daily. It is also expected from the NGO to make arrangement for entertainment, games for the kids. In addition to this, there is a provision of appointing one assistant for every lot of 25 children. The centres remain open from 9 am to 6 pm every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17751390", "title": "Allow construction only after R&R; completion: Narmada Bachaco Andolan", "text": "BHOPAL: Narmada Bachaco Andolan (NBA) activists have demanded that S Kumars, the promoters of the Shree Maheshwar Hydel Power Corporation Ltd (SMHPCL), be asked to deposit the entire amount required for rehabilitation and resettlement (R&R;) of the project affected people (PAP) with the state government before being allowed further construction or filling water in Maheshwar dam to the height of 154 meters.Addressing a press conference here on Monday, NBA activist Alok Agrawal alleged that S Kumars has completed 90% of its construction work while completing of 15% of the R&amp;R.;Citing an investigation report submitted to national green tribunal said, \"Only Rs 203 crore out of Rs 740 crore has been released by S Kumars for R&R; of Maheshwar dam affected.\"The dam has been in controversy for long with political pressure forcing the government in May 2012 to clear the increase in the height of the reservoir for the 400 MW hydroelectric project in Mandleshwar town of Madhya Pradesh. The permission to increase the height of the first privately-financed 400 MW hydro power project dam was then challenged in the National Green Tribunal. The petitioners had contended that the submergence caused by filling it would cause irreparable damage to the life and livelihood of the people living there and is \"likely to cause death to hundreds of people\".The investigation report was submitted by a 3-member committee, constituted by the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) to verify submergence, associated R&R; and preparedness of raising the water level to 154m for the 400MW hydro-electric project.Earlier in May, the MoEF had permitted SMHPCL to fill the reservoirs at the Maheshwar dam up to 154 meters. The MoEF order was challenged by the NBA in the national green tribunal, after allegedly some 400 homes were damaged when water level at the dam site was around 154 meters.\"As per orders and judgments of the Supreme Court, the rehabilitation and resettlement of the project affected people of the Maheshwar project has to be completed well before the completion of dam construction and at least six months before submergence,\" said Agarwal.According to NBA the project has affected some 60,000 people in 61 villages, a claim disputed by SMHPCL. \"We estimate that the power cost from SMHPCL would cost about Rs 9.92 per unit, thrice the cost compared with Indira Sagar project,\" said Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749561", "title": "Suicidal attack was brewing in the mind of bank officer", "text": "LUCKNOW: Singh had picked up a packet of cigarettes from the corner paan shop; the family had its dinner and the ailing ones their daily dose of medicine before sleeping and it was business as usual for Singhs till Sunday night. On Monday morning, there were strewn pillows and quilts, blood stained bed sheets, and a pool of blood in the main hall. The modest ground-plus-one home witnessed a tragedy that shook not only Vikasnagar but the entire city.Singh, described by his neighbours as a man who \"kept to himself\", as \"disturbed\" by his relatives and a \"devoted\" employee by his boss and colleagues, had shifted to Vikasnagar Sector-V in 1992. A native of Lucknow, Singh used to stay earlier in Sadar area with his family before moving into the Vikasnagar house at a walking distance from the Punjab National Bank's Vikasnagar branch. Singh was posted on the inquiry desk of PNB's Kapoorthala branch as deputy manager.He had been on leave for past 10 days and was to join back on the fateful day. \"Singh was a dedicated employee who handled professionally all tasks given to him,\" said A K Varmani, PNB's AGM who was present at the trauma centre on Monday. Singh's devotion to his employer could be gauged by anybody who visited his house. The nameplate on the entrance has the PNB logo etched on the marble stone, just above his name. But, it seemed that Singh did not encourage any intrusion on his privacy.\"Even though the family had got the first floor portion of the house constructed several years back, Singh never rented it out,\" said Mukesh Jain, his colleague of one time from the bank, who stays opposite his house. Jain dubbed Singh as a jolly person but added that he liked to keep to himself.Singh used to sleep in the main hall of the ground floor apparently, and his son in his room. His daughter and wife slept in the master bedroom. The furniture meant to adorn one's household was covered in dust as were the books on the centre table. Even the marble flooring lacked lustre that it usually holds when mopped regularly. Singh's son Nishant had come back to Lucknow after completing his course in order to prepare for MBA entrance exams. Singh's daughter did not pursue education after finishing Intermediate. Singh, echoed one of his relatives, used to worry a lot about his daughter. \"He had been restless for past few years due to the worsening condition of his wife. Moreover, we were told by him that Niharika, his daughter also remained extremely disturbed these days,\" said KP Singh, his relative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749585", "title": "Clerk shunted out for blunder with Rajiv's death certificate", "text": "CHENNAI: The Kancheepuram district administration has transferred the record clerk from the sub-registrar office in Sriperumbudur who had issued a death certificate of Rajiv Gandhi to a woman claiming to be the former Prime Minister's wife.After the sub-registrar officer Ramalingam issued the death certificate copy to a woman, who identified herself as Sabeen Firdous from Hyderabad, the Kancheepuram district authorities have ordered a departmental probe into the incident. The probe will look into the procedures followed before issuing the certificate.Based on the report, the Kancheepuram district administration ordered transfer of the record clerk B Natarajan, who had given the death certificate to the woman. A revenue official at the Kancheepuram collectorate confirmed his transfer with immediate effect. However, the official denied revealing where the record clerk was shunted out or any other information in connection with the matter.A revenue official said the issuing of death certificate was not confidential, but what had caused discomfiture was that she claimed to be Rajiv Gandhi's wife.In her application, the woman mentioned her age as 50, and her residence as Dada Sahib Road, Hyderabad. Sources said that teams were inquiring about the authenticity of the address and identity of the claimant.Officials from the state and central intelligence wings visited the sub-registrar's office in Sriperumbudur. Sources in the office said they had informed higher officials before Ramalingam issued the death certificate.Rajiv Gandhi was killed by a human bomb on May 21, 1991, while addressing an election rally in Sriperumbudur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17751601", "title": "More than 30 victims of online fraud file petition against agent", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 30 persons from Mettupalayam, Sirumugai and Coonoor came to district police office and filed a petition with SP E S Uma on Sunday. They demanded action against an agent of Fine Futures for trying to attack them using hired goons.In the petition they said that R Karuppusamy of Thimmanur near Sirumugai was a collection agent of an online portal that functioned under various names including Fine Futures India, Fine India Sales Private Limited, Best Way and Way2success. He collected crores of rupees from investors promising to return their money on December 21. More than 30 investors including 10 women had gone to his house to collect their money. However, Karuppusamy refused to return it and threatened to hire goons to take care of them if they persisted in their efforts to get back their money.Twelve hired goons actually threatened the investors with deadly weapons. Consequently, they notified the police, taking three goons in their custody and handing them over to the Sirumugai police. The other hired hands had escaped. But the Sirumugai police failed to take action against the goons and Karuppasamy.\"The agents claim that a few investors had gone to their homes and looted Rs 4 lakh. They vandalized the homes too. We are looking into the matter and will take stern action against the culprits,\" said Ashokan, inspector, Sirumugai police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17751319", "title": "Governor summons council chief", "text": "KOLKATA: On a day that saw yet another instance of school students locking up teachers to demand pass marks and a shameful case of university students emulating the unruly teenagers, governor M K Narayanan summoned West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education chief Muktinath Chattopadhyay for answers on what has gone wrong on campuses.\"I have called the president of the council to know the details. I will find out what he has to say,\" the governor said while talking to the media at Jadavpur University (JU) on Monday. The council president said he would brief the governor.Campus anarchy broke out in schools across the state after unsuccessful students at Rishi Aurobinda Girl's School in Santoshpur locked up their teachers and headmistress for nearly a day. The initial promise made by two council officials to look into their demands \"sympathetically\" added fuel to the fire. On Monday, postgraduate students of Kalyani University locked up the head of the Bengali department and his colleagues in a room for over eight hours.The governor gave a piece of his mind at the JU convocation address. \"It is unfortunate that educational centres have turned into conflict zones where disputes often spill out on the streets. It is needed that students should respect teachers and not otherwise,\" said Narayanan.The governor was also dismayed at campus violence that has supplanted debate and dialogue as a means to resolve disputes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17751136", "title": "Caste outfits meet Madurai collector, support Ramadoss", "text": "MADURAI: Local non-dalit outfits here submitted a petition to the district administration against the show- cause notice issued to PMK leader S Ramadoss for his remarks made at a recent meeting in the city where he opposed inter-caste marriages and demanded amendments in the SC/ST Atrocities Act.On December 20, Ramadoss met representatives of various intermediate caste outfits in the city where he floated a forum to protect themselves from the 'fake' inter-caste marriages and to amend the SC/ST Act. Ramadoss has demanded that cases registered under this act be made bailable and action be taken against people filing false complaints. Various dalit outfits also staged a demonstration against Ramadoss on that day. Under these circumstances, district collector Anshul Mishra issued a show-cause notice to Ramadoss on December 22 demanding an explanation as to why he should not be prohibited from entering the district as the remarks he made during the meeting are likely to incite ill-feelings and violence.Based on this notice, B T Arasakumar of the All-India National Forward Bloc along with other leaders like G K Nagaraj of Kongu Munnetra Kalagam submitted a petition to the district collector during the public grievance redress day meeting on Monday.In their petition, they refuted the charges against Ramadoss and said he had not made any comments against dalits on the whole but criticised a particular section among them who are involved in 'fake' marriages to hoodwink affluent families. They also stated that forming an association and free speech were constitutional rights. Upon receiving the petitions, Mishra told them that an explanation for the remarks were mandatory and future course of action will be decided based on the representation by Ramadoss. The petitioners contented that they can produce documentary evidence supporting their claim and returned in the evening to present the documents and CDs.Arasakumar said they had represented their side as Ramadoss had not made any comments against the dalit community in general. The contents of his speech are one and the same in all meetings he called at Chennai, Coimbatore and other places where he accused a section of dalits of allegedly misusing the SC/ST Act to file false cases. The collector also told them that the demonstration they have called on January 24 will create problems. \"We have submitted all the media reports and CDs of his speech. Regarding the demonstration, we told the collector that it can be decided when permission for the event is granted,\" he said.Mishra said they submitted the materials supporting their claims and the contents will be studied carefully. \"The ultimate aim is peace in the district. However, Ramadoss will have to clarify his stand,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17751117", "title": "BHU pays rich tributes to Pt Madan Mohan Malaviya", "text": "VARANASI: The Banaras Hindu University will witness the closing ceremony of the 150th birth anniversary celebration of its founder Mahamana Pt Madan Mohan Malaviya on Tuesday in presence of the Indian President Pranab Mukherjee and President of Nepal Ram Baran Yadav .The BHU family paid rich tributes to this great visionary by remembering his works, vision and dedication to the mankind. Rama Shanker Dubey, professor of Biochemistry at the BHU and former vice chancellor of Guru Ghasidas University, Bilaspur (Chhattisgarh), said that Malaviya envisioned this university to serve as a premier centre of world-knowledge for vigorous search of deeper quest and knowledge in all possible disciplines ranging from classical ancient Indian culture, philosophy, religion, humanities, arts to modern science, medicine, agriculture, engineering and technology. Malaviya was a strong proponent of science and engineering education in India. Prior to establishment of the BHU, he had realized the role of modern science in building a strong India.He was aware that science and technology could be the prime movers for the prosperity of resurgent India. He was of the view that India cannot regain its prosperity until the application of modern science becomes naturalized in the country. When Malaviya established the BHU in 1916, he had authored the prospectus of the university encompassing a comprehensive educational programme to impart the students the knowledge of Indian cultural heritage, ethics, and human values so that they do not get carried away by western civilization.At the same time, he served as a crusader to introduce the teachings of various disciplines of basic as well as modern science and engineering including agriculture and medicine so that large number of scientists, engineers and industrial leaders could be produced from the university capable of alleviating the sufferings of the masses by scientific solutions to the problems, by increasing agricultural and industrial production and creating wealth.According to Dubey, Malaviya always advocated for revival of Indian industries. With the donations received from Maharaja of Patiala and the Jodhpur Darbar, Malaviya initiated degree courses in Electrical and Mechanical engineering in BHU in July 1919, on the pattern of the courses run in British universities. He had realized the vast potential of mineral wealth of India and the deficiency of expertise to handle metals and mineral resources.Therefore Geology as a degree course was started in 1920 at BHU and degree courses in Mining and Metallurgy were started in the Engineering College in 1923. The first department of Industrial Chemistry in India was initiated in 1921 at BHU. Malaviya pioneered the beginning of the courses in Ceramics and Glass Technology in the Engineering College in 1924 where soaps, cosmetics, glass-wares and porcelain materials were manufactured.For the first time in India BSc and MSc degree courses in Pharmacy were initiated by Malaviya at BHU in the year 1935.Dr Vishwanath Pandey, Information and Public Relations Officer, BHU, said Malaviya's life was replete with innumerable social causes and commitments, which tested and proved the character of the happy warrior in him.Social work started from the very beginning of Malaviya's life, when as a youth in 1889 he founded the Bharati Bhavan Library, which is still serving the citizens of Allahabad. He also started a Boy Scout Unit in 1918 under the Prayag Seva Samiti to inculcate the spirit of service from a young age. Malaviyaji's work for uplifting the oppressed classes was not due to any political motive, but more due to his own inner conscience and firm belief. In 1912, Malaviya encouraged his son Ramakant, to start the Yatri Seva Samiti, which later became Prayag Seva Samiti.The main objective was to extend help to the thousands of illiterate and helpless pilgrims. In January 1933, he persuaded the Sanatana dharma leaders to ameliorate the condition of the deprived classes. When the Harijan tour undertaken by Gandhiji ended on 29 July 1934 at Banaras, a meeting was held at the Central Hindu School grounds. Malaviya spoke in support of equal civil and religious rights to Harijans.According to Pandey, Malaviya was keen on educating the oppressed classes and the poor. His work started as early as in 1909 when he stressed the need for educating them. When BHU was established, he helped many poor, backward and needy persons to receive quality education there.In 1925, Malaviya had gone for the Mahasabha Conference to Patna and on the way back he addressed a huge gathering in Arrah. When he was getting into the car someone brought a young lad, Jagjivan Ram, and said that he had matriculated but had difficulty in pursuing further studies.Malaviya spontaneously told him to bring this boy with him to the university. Admitting him to the university, housing him in the hostel, waiving his fees and hostel expenses were all within the power of the vice chancellor, but what mattered most was the invitation to study along with his own son Govind.This was the humane side of Malaviya. He opened a separate Women's College in the BHU campus in 1928, for undergraduate courses in the disciplines of the arts, sciences and humanities. He also encouraged women to take admission in other advanced courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17751582", "title": "Father\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s friend rapes minor", "text": "SURAT: Even as protests rage unabated in Gujarat over the gruesome gang rape in New Delhi, at least three crimes against minor girls, one of the just four-years-old, were reported in south Gujarat in the last two days.In Udhna, a four-year-old girl was allegedly raped by her father's 40-yaer-old friend on Saturday. The accused Jabiya Swai came to the victim's house near Hedgewar Colony and took her to an isolated place at around 8 pm where he raped her, police said. Swai was arrested on Sunday. Swai dropped the girl back to her house and left. Her parents lodged a complaint after the girl managed to narrate the crime to them. The victim's family and the accused belong to Orissa.In another case, a 14-year-old mentally challenged girl in Daman was allegedly raped by a 22-year-old man. Police arrested Manoj Sudama Samudra, 22, a family friend of the victim's family. Samudra came to the victim's house for dinner on Saturday night and stayed back. He raped the victim in the house when everyone was sleeping. Samudra was arrested from nearby farms the next morning.Umesh Dhanukare, 20, was arrested on Sunday for allegedly raping a minor girl for the past four months in Valsad district. The accused had eloped with the victim girl four months ago. Police rescued the girl from the accused's residence and booked Dhanukare for rape.Meanwhile, van driver Kirit Mistry, who was arrested on December 21 for allegedly raping a class XII student in Bharuch nine months ago, has confessed to the crime. He was also booked for stealing her gold chain. Police said the girl had narrated her trauma to her younger brother but both were too scared to tell their parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16834600", "title": "Men working night shifts prone to cancer", "text": "Night work can increase risk of a number of cancers in men, according to a new study.It is one of the first studies in the world to provide evidence among men of a possible association between night work and the risk of prostate, colon, lung, bladder, rectal, and pancreatic cancer and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.The study was conducted by a research team from Centre INRS-Institut Armand-Frappier and Centre de recherche du Centre hospitalier de l'Universite de Montreal.\"Exposure to light at night can lead to a reduced production of the sleep hormone melatonin, inducing physiological changes that may provoke the development of tumours. This hormone, habitually released in the middle of the night in response to absence of light, plays a pivotal role in hormonal functions and in the immune system,\" explained Professor Marie-Elise Parent of Centre INRS-Institut Armand-Frappier, the study's lead investigator.Despite finding that night work increases the risk of a number of cancers, the researchers are intrigued by the absence of a relationship between duration of night work and cancer risk found in the study.In theory , an increasing duration in the period of night work would be expected to be accompanied by an increase in the risk of cancer, but the results obtained did not confirm such a tendency.As well as opening up new research avenues, this finding raises questions about the factors that might influence people's adaptation to night work. Other more targeted research, including Dr. Parent's current research on prostate cancer , will also allow for a more detailed study of the consequences of night work on health.For this research, Dr. Parent and her team analysed data from a study on occupational exposure and cancer that was conducted between 1970 and 1985, involving 3,137 men aged 35 to 70 years who had been diagnosed with a cancer at 18 hospitals in the Montreal metropolitan area, compared to a control group of 512 cancer-free individuals from the general population.The finding was published in the American Journal of Epidemiology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17750104", "title": "HC orders coast guard to airlift injured engineer", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Monday ordered the coast guard to immediately airlift a severely-wounded Malayali engineer from an Indian ship stationed 20 nautical miles off Goa coast for hospitalization.The division bench comprising justices P N Ravindran and Babu Mathew P Joseph directed the commander of coast guard's western region headquarters at Worli in Mumbai to rescue Arun George Thomas, the second engineer at MT Pratibha Bheema, and provide him medical care in Panjim in Goa.In a habeas corpus petition, Thomas Varghese of Chembumukku alleged that the captain of the ship has detained his son despite his resignation.John T Paul, counsel for the central government, told the HC that director general of shipping has withdrawn the licence of the vessel since it is not seaworthy.The petitioner told the HC that his son was forced to join duty on the oil tanker owned by Mumbai-based Pratibha Shipping Company in Dubai on November 27, 2012, despite his apprehensions about the seaworthiness of the vessel.On December 6, the vessel left Dubai for Singapore and Arun submitted his resignation. He was told that the company accepted the resignation and he would be released when the vessel reached the next port.On December 18, Arun's father received a copy of the request sent by Arun to the master of the ship requesting treatment for injuries suffered when he fell inside the engine room. Thomas' counsel Benoy K Kadavan told the HC that although Arun was severely injured, the shipping company has taken no step to provide treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17753600", "title": "Normalcy returns to Manipur valley", "text": "IMPHAL: Normalcy returned to Manipur valley on Tuesday following suspension of ongoing 'indefinite general strike' till December 26 midnight, called against the alleged molestation of a film actress by a Naga militant and lifting of indefinite curfew in view of the Christmas festival.Markets opened and transporters resumed their services as people in large number turned out to purchase essentials at various markets across the four valley districts of Imphal East, Imphal West, Bishenpur and Thoubal.The curfew was lifted at 6 AM on Tuesday morning and general strike suspended from midnight of December 24 to midnight December 26 in view of the Christmas festival, official sources said.Large scale violence was reported on Monday in view of the confusion among some of the strike enforcers with a section maintaining the shutdown was on despite the President of the Film Forum Manipur (FFM) and some other artists associations announcing the relaxation of the strike in view of the Christmas, the sources said.FFM sources threatened to resume the general strike from midnight of December 26 till the arrest of the Naga militant of NSCN-IM, who had allegedly molested film actress Momoko during a musical concert on December 18 at Chandel and fired at two artists who tried to save her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17750628", "title": "Times expo attracts hundreds", "text": "Mangalore: The three-day Times Consumer Expo organized jointly by Vijaya Karnataka and Times of India that got under way at TMA Pai International Convention centre on Sunday is attracting crowds.Inaugurated by Nalin Kumar Kateel, Mangalore MP, the event will end on Tuesday and is open to visitors from 11am to 9pm. Buoyed by the success of the event held in June this year, the two publications have come up with this event for the second time. Neethi Kariappanavar, IInd year MSc statistics student at University of Mysore, who was in town for Christmas, a chance visitor to expo said, \"It is nice to see wide range of products and services under one roof.\" Dedicated pavilions for automobiles, digital appliances, interiors, home utility products and others that cater to different segment of consumers has made shopping for products of choice a good experience, Santhosh K, a student said. The day two of the event on Monday saw a steady stream of visitors' right from morning up to 1pm and tapered off towards lunch time. With final day of the consumer expo falling on a public holiday on account of Christmas, organizers are optimistic of crowd queuing up. The presence of 50 plus stalls will certainly give the people a leg up with their Christmas shopping and should spur sales, said Pradeep S, who was at the expo scouting for home appliances. Praveen K, owner of Anubhav Bathik Dresses from Mysore, who is participating in the event for the first time said the arrangements have lived up to the billing of the organizers. \"We have good inquiries for the garments that we have kept for sale,\" Praveen said, adding sales are steady. Seema Srinivas, owner of 'Seema', who is selling bed sheets and other make up materials said, \"Sales has been good and people are picking up what interest them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17750495", "title": "They say it with candle lights, placards", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city residents continue to show solidarity towards the protesters who have raised their voice against the Delhi gang rape. They organised a demonstration at Saleem Tabri seeking justice for the victim and stringent laws to nail rapists.Gurdeep Singh, a social activist of Saleem Tabri, said, \"We held the candle march to condemn the gang rape in Delhi. Besides, we also offered prayers at Gurdwara Gursagar Singh Sabha for the speedy recovery of the girl so that when she fully recovers she fights for justice for herself and also for other rape victims.\" \"About 250-300 young girls and boys and also adults joined the march. The protesters were holding placards 'Shame on Delhi government\", \"Lathicharge on youth, democracy's death\", 'Government spends millions on Qasab and Afzal Guru but not on security of girls\".Harjinder Kaur Chawla, a social activist pointed out, \"I salute the courage of the victim and I want her to get well soon and fight for those who go through such trauma.\" \"It is not just her fight, it is a fight of a common woman of India against the system which is ailing,\" said Seema Sharma, a homemaker of Saleem Tabri. A group of students and elderly also held a candle march from Civil Lines to Fountain Chowk to protest against the gang rape. They strongly criticized the police action on protesters. They carried placards saying \"Rapist is an extremist. Let him be on hitlist\", and \"Insaaniyat hui sharamsaar\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17749181", "title": "Bokaro coaching institute official held for cheating", "text": "BOKARO: Police on Monday arrested the divisional manager of Everonn Toppers, a coaching institute, for cheating more than 200 IIT aspirants and lodged a case against him and another senior official of the institute.The victims are the students of Classes XI and XII from different schools in town. Of them, there are many who have come to Bokaro from other districts and states to prepare for IIT-JEE exams. Suspecting that divisional manager Chetan Mahajan, a resident of Gurgaon, will flee, the parents and students caught him and handed over him to police. Based on the complaints of 200 students, police lodged an FIR under various sections of IPC against Mahajan. \"Managing director of the institute Rakesh Kumar Sharma and Mahajan have been made accused in the case,\" said SP Kuldeep Dwivedi.This is the third such incident in which coaching institutes officials fled after cheating the students. In the past one year, several FIRs were lodged against coaching institutes like Kiran Counseling, Times Education and Brilliant Tutorial. Everonn Toppers is situated in City Centre opposite Jai Jawan Petrol Pump in Sector-IV.\"Hundreds of students with their parents have alleged that the institute owner and Mahajan have cheated them by taking huge money as fees and not providing them the coaching. The students are agitated and are asking police to get their money or send him to jail,\" said Dwivedi. Diptimaan Saurabh, a student of Class XI of Delhi Public School, said he had paid Rs 54,820 as fees to the institute for the IIT-JEE coaching. Initially the things went right, but two months later the institute stopped giving them study materials and classes were held properly as many faculty members stopped coming.\"I have taken admission in July and from September our classes discontinued. Our complaints to the authorities had fallen on deaf ears. We have demanded our money back but they are not providing it which forced us to lodge FIR,\" said Saurabh, he belongs to Gaya and residing here for studies.Ravi Ranjan, Divakar Kumar Singh, Saurabh Tiwari, Ravinder Jaipuriar, Divyank Kumar echoed him. \"We want our money back. Mahajan and the owner of the institute have played with our future, we are not going to forgive them.\"Ranjan said that the institute has charged about Rs 40,000 to Rs 60,000 from each student as fees. It is a scam of crores of rupees. There are more than 500 students enrolled in the institute as it runs 18 batches containing 40-45 students in each batch.Mahajan said the allegations against him were baseless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17751354", "title": "Impound licenses of perpetuators of crimes against women: Home minister", "text": "BHOPAL: Arms and driving licenses of perpetuators of crimes against women will be impounded while passports will also not be issued to them. Nor will they be given government jobs. At a meeting of officers at Mantralaya, home minister Umashankar Gupta directed to initiate effective steps to prevent crimes against women.Gupta directed to implement announcements made to this effect by the chief minister on Sunday within time-limit.The home minister said that the process of establishing call centre and installing CCTV cameras in big cities should be undertaken at the earliest. He said that complaints received by the call centre should be immediately relayed to concerning superintendents of police (SP) and police station in-charge. Information should also be given about it to the complainants.He said that a special task force should be constituted in all the districts to act against eve-teasers. Gupta said that this action should not be confined to only big cities, but should also be initiated in all the districts and rural areas as well. He also directed the police to remove tinted screens from window panes of all the vehicles in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17751392", "title": "Contractual workers arrested", "text": "BHOPAL: The Satna district police on Monday arrested 27 contractual workers of the cement factory who had attacked a police team and the company's security guards during their protest demanding regularisation of service.The workers, led by Samajwadi party leader Shambu Sharan Dubey, were staging a dharna for the past three days. They got annoyed after security guards tried to forcibly remove them from the premises on Sunday.This angered the protesters who set guard's room on fire and resorted to stone-pelting injuring eight policemen.They set on fire several vehicles, 22 of which belonged to police. The accused were arrested under several sections and Section 3 / 4 of public property defacement Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17751393", "title": "AP trucks with chemical waste caught in Mandur", "text": "BANGALORE: Alert BBMP personnel foiled an alleged attempt to clandestinely dump chemical waste at the Mandur landfill on Monday night.Aroung 9.30 pm, BBMP personnel and local police who accompanied garbage-laden trucks from the city to the landfill noticed four lorries bearing Andhra Pradesh registration at the landfill, a spokesman for the civic body said.Police immediately confiscated the lorries and took the drivers and staff with the vehicles for questioning.BBMP has lodged a complaint with the jurisdictional Avalahalli police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748461", "title": "Pakistan series hit by coverage dispute", "text": "NEW DELHI: India-Pakistan ODI and T20 series faced a media blackout after news agencies suspended coverage over a decision to bar their photo counterparts. News agencies said they would not be filing any stories or pictures after the BCCI refused to accredit the international agencies Getty Images and Action Images as well as two Indian agencies.\"It is regrettable that the politically-charged Pakistan tour will be affected by the BCCI's failure to recognise the long-standing importance of photographic news agencies in the flow of sport and news images every day,\" the News Media Coalition said.Other international agencies who are members of the coalition, such as Thomson Reuters and the Associated Press, will also halt text and photo coverage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748465", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Sushilkumar Shinde equates agitators with Maoists?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facing criticism for mishandling the public anger over the gang-rape in the Capital, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on Monday appeared to have complicated matters for himself and the government by insisting that he was not obligated to walk up to protesters at India Gate, be it political activists or the Maoists.In an interview with a TV channel, Shinde appeared to be upset with the protests despite a midnight meeting with no less than Congress chief Sonia Gandhi.Significantly, unlike Delhi lieutenant governor Tejinder Khanna, he did not rule out the possibility of Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar being removed, and instead suggested that the issue would remain open until the government had calmly reviewed all aspects.\"I don't want to comment on commissioner of police. I would not spare anyone and look into the role of those responsible,\" the home minister said just hours after he was learnt to have fended off Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit's demand to shift Kumar.While emphasizing that he had met the activists both at home and his office, the minister said, \"It is very easy to say that home minister should go to India Gate and talk. Tomorrow, if any other parties engage in demonstration, why shouldn't the home minister go there, why only with this? You answer me, tomorrow if Congress party people will demonstrate or tomorrow BJP will demonstrate. Tomorrow, Maoists will come here and demonstrate, why should the home minister go there?\"Asked whether it was right to compare the protesters with Maoists, he said, \"You don't separate law and order. I had already, right from day one, met them in my house, I met them in my office and I met their representatives. They should have been satisfied, but after chanting 'we want justice, we want justice', what kind of justice are you expecting? Either you only give justice. There are some limits. We accepted all the demands.\"He emphasized that the Congress chief had agreed to meet them at midnight. \"A person like Sonia Gandhi met the delegation of the students at midnight. They should have responded to that. Why did they take the law into their hands the very next day,\" he said.Pressed further as why Sonia, PM Manmohan Singh or Rahul Gandhi couldn't come and meet these protestors, Shinde said, \"I told you that if we come once, they will expect us to come every time.\"Although quite clearly a part of the political outreach, Shinde's remarks may not help ease Congress's worry that the government could have dealt with the situation better. Though he merely restated the position that governments have followed over the years, his choice of words runs the risk of reinforcing the perception of an arrogant government which was increasingly removed from the public sentiment.The home minister, however, maintained that certain \"political elements\" were behind Sunday's violence at India Gate and its surrounding areas during the protests against the gang-rape. Defending the crackdown on protestors, Shinde said on Saturday, the protestors went up to North Block and even tried to break into Rashtrapati Bhavan.\"Rashtrapati Bhavan is a prestigious house of the country and it is the image of the country. If they would have gone there, you would have criticized me. That is why we are very strict on this thing,\" he said, adding that hooliganism also led to the police action.On the continuation of the Delhi police chief, he said, \"Once the situation is calm and quiet, I will look into it. Certainly, I will take action and I will not spare anyone (found to be guilty),\" he said.He said the Centre was convening a meeting of chief secretaries and directors general of police of all states on January 4 to take stock of crimes against women , particularly rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749153", "title": "Additional solicitor general expects CJI to assure youth demanding speedy trial in rape cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's first woman additional solicitor general Indira Jaising on Monday said she expected Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir to make a statement on behalf of the judiciary to assure the youth demanding speedy trial in rape cases.\"The problem is not only with the police for a speedy investigation and filing of chargesheet against the accused but also with the judiciary, which must conduct trial in sexual assault cases against women expeditiously to dispense justice. Who else but the Chief Justice of India can assuage the public feelings about delayed trials,\" Jaising said.Though fast-track courts appear as a solution to cut the enormous delay associated with almost every trial in criminal cases, including rape cases, they alone would not bring about radical change in the justice dispensation system, she said.Referring to the 27% conviction in the huge number of rape cases registered every year, Jaising said the accused would continue to enjoy benefit of doubt if the investigations were done by ill-trained and ill-equipped police.According to National Crime Records Bureau, 2010 saw police registering 22,172 rape cases in which 8.9% of victims were under 14 years of age, 16% were between 14 and 18 years and 57.4% were in the age group of 18-30 years. The conviction rate was a poor 26.7%. In 2011, police registered another 24,206 rape cases across India.Jaising said given the situation and the prevailing insensitive attitude, the judiciary and government must ensure that fast-track courts were presided by well-trained judges, who were sensitized to understand the plight of rape victims during trial and place due significance to her statements.She said use of scientific tools was an important component of criminal investigation of a rape case. However, not much effort had been made to set up forensic laboratories which could significantly help the police to fortify the evidence against rape accused.Jaising said the approach and attitude of public prosecutors was equally important in prosecuting rape accused. \"We need more women public prosecutors who can bring in a sea change in the presentation of evidence and the process of prosecuting the rape accused. But recruitment of more women public prosecutors is as important as imparting proper training to them to handle rape trials,\" she said.Meanwhile, a PIL has been filed in Supreme Court focusing on the Delhi rape but raising larger issues of gender justice and security to women and children. Supreme Court Bar Association secretary Pareena Swarup on Monday wrote to the CJI seeking an urgent hearing on this PIL. The Supreme Court is scheduled to reopen on January 2 after the winter break.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17750806", "title": "4 passengers of Patna-bound Rajdhani Express fall ill", "text": "PATNA: As many as four passengers, including women, travelling by the New Delhi-Patna Rajdhani Express fell sick soon after taking meals on the running train. Railway doctors attended them as soon as the train reached Mughalsarai on Monday afternoon. Their condition was stated to be better now.Irked at poor quality of meals served in the train, a section of passengers created a ruckus at Mughalsarai station and did not allow the train to move unless a senior railway official reached the spot .The agitated passengers also demanded a high-level inquiry into the matter.According to an IRCTC official, Rajdhani Express left New Delhi at 11 pm instead of 5.20 pm on Sunday. The IRCTC, which serves meals on the train, loaded meals and breakfast for more than 1,000 passengers. Unfortunately, the train was delayed due to foggy weather condition and reached Mughalsarai abnormally late on Monday. Perhaps meals or breakfast served to passengers on Monday morning were not of better quality which caused illness to a few passengers, an IRCTC official said.Railways, to cope with passengers' needs, attached o two pantry cars in the Patna-New Delhi Rajdhani Express following an increase of coaches from 18 to 21, a Railway Board official said.Expressing shock at the incident, a senior official of the Board said that an internal inquiry will be held into the matter. \"Though we are always alert in a train like Rajdhani Express while serving meals to passengers, necessary action will be taken after completion of the inquiry,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750415", "title": "White collar crime on the rise: DGP", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the present cyber age, white collar offenders are looting 10 times more money than habitual offenders in the state leading to a significant increase in economic offences in 2012.Till November 2012, police have booked 9,625 cases pertaining to economic offences, where the culprits had duped people to the tune of Rs 1,507 crore. Similarly, police have registered 32,473 property offence cases, including robberies, burglaries and ordinary thefts in which criminals managed to escape with Rs 184.5 crore. \"Unlike regular property offences, the loss of property in economic offences is very high. So, we have devised a scheme to strengthen the economic offences wing in CID,\" DGP V Dinesh Reddy said at the annual customary press conference here on Monday.Cyber Crime offences have also increased in the state rapidly. Police had booked 380 cyber crime cases in 2011 but the figure grew to 450 this year. On a positive note, the number of road accidents has come down from 40,518 in 2011 to 37,937 this year and related deaths have also dropped from 13,918 to 13,738.In addition to the six marine police stations, 15 more have been added in 2012. A proposal has been sent by the DGP to the state government for sanctioning nine law and order, two traffic and four women police stations in the Cyberabad police commissionerate. The DGP has asked for sanctioning law and order police stations at Alkapuri, Bandlaguda, Gachibowli, Moula Ali, Nizampet, Jawahar Nagar, Abdullapurmet, Himayatsagar and Jagadgirigutta, traffic police stations at Miyapur and Medchal, and women police stations at Malkajgiri, Balanagar, Madhapur and Shamshabad.Responding to a question about recent incidents of communal violence in Medak, Nalgonda and Hyderabad, the DGP said that social networking sites were being used by miscreants to flare up communal tensions.\"Our Cyber Crime teams are successful in arresting all such criminals, but there should be some restriction in what gets published on these portals,\" the DGP said. Dinesh Reddy added that the Banjara Hills police station would soon be converted into a model police station with full-fledged reception desk.\"The number of Maoists in the state has come down from 300 to 140 this year. Most of these Naxalites are operating in the eight border districts of the state. We have decided to give accelerated promotions to constables working in anti-Maoist and counter-terrorist units,\" the DGP added. Dinesh Reddy also said that the Police Transport Organisation (PTO), which is in the news for all the wrong reasons, would be reorganised. \"We have no intention to close down the outfit,\" the DGP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17751062", "title": "Excise department warns of action against drinking sans permit", "text": "Nashik: The state excise department has decided to take stern action against people found consuming liquor without permit during New Year celebrations. Permits have been made available at all liquor shops and permit rooms.The department has also formed squads to check illegal manufacture, sale and transport of liquor against the backdrop of Christmas and New Year celebrations. Four squads will keep round the clock vigil on the borders of the district from where liquor from other states is likely to be smuggled in. Another four will keep a check on illegal manufacture, transport and sale of liquor.J B Patil, superintendent of the state excise department, Nashik, said that the squads have begun their drive. \"Dhabas where liquor is likely to be sold illegally will also be under scanner,\" he added.This year, liquor shops selling sealed bottles of liquor have been permitted to operate till 1 am on the nights of December 24, 25 and 31, while permit rooms can operate till 5 am of the next days of the said dates. Country liquor bars have been permitted to operate till 1 am.This relaxation in time will not be applicable in the cantonment area.Patil said sale of liquor shoots up during Christmas and New Year celebrations every year. Hence, there is a possibility that liquor from other states, which is available at cheaper rates, is smuggled into the district and mixed and rebottled for sale. So, during such periods the excise department launches special drive to curb the malpractice.\"We would be issuing nearly two lakh permits at the liquor shops as well as permit rooms. The aim is to see that everyone who is purchasing liquor has a permit for the same. In 2011, we sold 48,000 permits, priced at Rs 2, for consumption of country liquor, and 92,000 permits, priced at Rs 5, for consumption of foreign liquor. Apart from this, 17 permits were issued for consuming liquor at private parties,\" Patil said.Individuals or organisers of private parties, where liquor is served, would face stern action if found consuming or serving liquor without a permit from the department.This year the permit for consumption of country liquor is priced at Rs 3, Patil added.In 2011, the Nashik state excise department collected Rs 5.5 lakh through sale of permits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17751443", "title": "Police to set up 15 preventive squads", "text": "AURANGABAD: Soon after taking the charge on Monday, acting commissioner of police Arvind Chavariya, formed 15 preventive squads to put a check on eve-teasing and chain snatchings being committed across the city. The preventive teams will be kept active till January 1. The teams will include some lady police constables and officers of the rank of sub-inspectors and assistant sub-inspectors.Chavariya said, \"We want the New Year celebrations to pass peacefully and so have identified 15 spots and appointed 15 teams that will continuously keep an eye on these areas till January 1. These preventive teams will have around 10 people and will be tasked with taking all the possible preventive actions against eve-teasing and chain snatchings.\"The teams will be deployed in and around crowded places including multiplexes, malls and areas like Nirala Bazar and each team will be armed with a walkie-talkie and a call sign, added Chavariya.He also said that during the evening hours, senior cops of all the police stations have been asked to patrol the area instead of staying at the police stations.Highly placed officials said, in the current scenario, the city police cannot take any risk of a crime being committed, especially against women. The teams will be extra alert between 4 pm and 11 pm and an immediate action will be taken against any accused found committing any kind of mischievous activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17751372", "title": "Protests in town over Delhi rape case", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Expressing solidarity with the men and women of the country who are demanding severe punishment to rapists, the Rotary Club of Biharsharif, the Inner Wheel Club of Biharsharif, the Biharsharif chapter of Indian Medical Association, Disha Foundation, doctors, engineers, professors, businessmen, hundreds of teachers, school and college students and people from different walks of life on Sunday organized a protest march in Biharsharif demanding harsh punishment to the Delhi rapists. They also demanded a legislation ensuring safety and security of girls across the country.Dr Suniti Sinha from the Inner Wheel Club said it is high time the government, judiciary, police and others concerned become proactive in ensuring justice to women who are victimized either by Khaps in the name of false traditional values, relatives in the name of fake honour, or by criminals who target helpless and innocent girls and women to outrage their modesty. \"We need a strong legislation and special courts to deal with crimes against women,\" she said adding they would continue their protests unless their demands were met.IMA president Dr Arvind Kumar said tt was a crime against humanity .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "perinthalamanna", "code": "17750204", "title": "Kerala's new Warrior", "text": "Perinthalamanna: He is tall, wily, quick and deceptive. A man of few words, Kerala pacer Sandeep Warrier is happy to let the ball do the taking. And Sandeep's bowling is certainly making a lot of people talk about the 21-year lad from Thrissur.On Monday at the KCA ground here, he outshone his more illustrious partner, S Sreesanth , to run through the Jharkhand side and set up Kerala's victory. Sandeep's figures of 6 for 44 from 15 overs is easily his best in Ranji Trophy and it has come in just his fourth first-class match.Even though Sreesanth didn't get a wicket in the second innings, it was a delight to see the senior partner constantly encouraging the youngster every time he walked back to the top of his run-up.And Sandeep was quick to admit the role played by Sreesanth in his success. \"My confidence has grown immensly since Sreesanth joined the squad. He told me about the angles to bowl. In fact, two of the wickets that I took after lunch today were planned by Sreesanth. He asked me to bowl four balls from close to the stumps before bowling the next one from wide of the crease. The plan worked and i got two wickets,\" said an elated Sandeep.Sreesanth too seems impressed by the youngster and reckons Sandeep has got abundance of talent. \"He is one of the best bowlers I have seen in India. He has got a long way to go still. He needs to keep working hard and the results will take care of itself,\" said the Kerala pace spearhead on state's new rising star.Sandeep's rise has been dramatic. Former Kerala cricketer K Ram Mohan took him under his wings two years back and untill then Sandeep hadn't played for any of the state junior side's. But after working under Rammohan, Sandeep's career graph has shown an upward curve. He broke into the Kerala U-22 side last year. His performances for the state U-22 side saw him earn a place in Kerala U-25 one-day squad last season. He represented South Zone in the Vizzy Trophy before making it to the Indian Universities' team camp early this year.\"I cannot claim credit for Sandeep's rise. He is a natural. All i have done is give him some guidance. Today the boy has done me proud,\" said Ram Mohan who was at the KCA stadium here to watch his ward's exploits with the ball.And it is just not the former cricketers of Kerala who are in awe of Kerala's find of the season. Former India pacer Abey Kuruvilla, who was in Kerala to attend a fast bowlers' camp organised by KCA, was excited to see Sandeep in the camp. And he told TOI on Monday that Sandeep is a precious talent who should be nurtured properly. \" He is very good and has got all the right attributes for a fast bowler. He has a smooth run-up and a nice clean action. More importantly, he generates good pace. No doubt, he should be nurtured properly,\" the chairman of India's junior selection committee told TOI over phone from Mumbai.Asked whether he can be considered as a future India material, Kuruvilla said: \"It's his first season. It's too early to think of playing for India. Let him enjoy his game and pick up more wickets in domestic cricket. If he performs consistently an India cap is not beyond him.\"There is no doubt Sandeep has made a superb start to his career. Now the onus is on him to make use of the opportunities he gets and climb ladders in the game. And fans of Kerala cricket would certainly keep a close watch on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17749223", "title": "No-trust motion moved against Gumla district council chief", "text": "Gumla: Three-fourth elected members have moved a no-confidence motion against the chairperson and vice-chairperson of the district council alleging that the duo has no interest in development and have failed to establish coordination with its members, panchayat samitis and gram panchayats. \"We are firm on our stand to move the motion,\" said a member.The DDC-cum-secretary of the apex body of the three-tier system of the panchayat raj, Punai Oraon, said, \"I have received such a motion which has been duly signed by 12 elected members of the 16-member elected body.\"They have alleged that chairperson Satwanti Devi and vice chairperson Usha Devi have no interest in development works besides having no control over the officials.\"Kherwar too is with us,\" said Chaitu Oraon, a member. The seat from the Palkot block has been rendered vacant following the assassination of its member Kalawati Devi by PLFI activists some months ago. Both chairperson and vice-chairperson were elected on 20 January 2011.It's been more than two years since the body was constituted, but it has failed to deliver what the panchayat whose elections were held after 32 years in the state were meant to, said Chaitu Oraon. \"We are firm on our stand as both of them have lost our confidence,\" said another member.The DDC said he has forwarded the motion to the DC-cum-presiding officer of the district council called Zila Panchayat too for further action.Local members of parliament, state legislative assembly and block pramukhs are ex-officio members of the district council and with them its strength goes up to 32 in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "17751180", "title": "5 suspected poachers held in Nellai", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Thirukarangudi police arrested five persons, who were carrying two double-barrel guns without license, from Thirukurungudi near Nanguneri in Tirunelveli district. Police suspected that the men were poachers on a hunting trip in Thirukarangudi forest.The arrested were identified as David (36) and Chindamani (40) of Rajapudhur in Tirunelveli district, Christopher Kiruba (32) of Padavalai near Nagercoil, Jayakumar (50) of Nagercoil and Kumar (43) of Karungal near Nagercoil.They were arrested during a vehicle check by a police team led by Ramachandran, special sub-inspector of police attached to Thirukarungudi police station. Sources from the police department said the men were poachers. On seeing the police team, the gang members, seven in total, tried to flee the jeep they were travelling in. Police managed to capture five of them and are on the look out for the other two.The men were arrested for possessing guns without valid license. They were booked under 21(A) of Indian Arms Act 1959, a police source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750681", "title": "Ahmedabad doctor puts dissolvable stents in NRI's heart", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dr Pradeep Patel, a practicing physician in New Jersey flew down especially from the US to get a stent implant done to remove a critical blockage in his heart artery.What made him take the first available flight to Ahmedabad was the fact that bio-absorbable stents were given the commercial nod in India two days back while it will still take a good two years for the same to be approved in US.\"Absorbable stents which will dissolve after 18-odd months promise to be a better option than metallic ones. Since Patel had a critical blockage, this stent was the treatment of choice in his case. We performed the procedure and implanted the dissolvable stent in Dr Patel on Monday\", said leading cardiologist Dr Tejas Patel, chairman of the newly launched Apex Heart Institute.Dr Patel said that following a successful clinical trial involving 100 patients, the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) gave an approval to multinational firm Abbott Vascular to launch the stent. \"The clinical trials were carried out in 40 centers in Asia and Europe. In India, these trials were performed in four centers. Our team performed the maximum- 29 cases as part of this trial\", said Dr Patel.Bio-absorbable stents are called vascular scaffolding as it dissolves. Dr Patel said that the stents promise better future because there is no clotting as the stent dissolves. \"Restenosis can occur in metallic stents even after three years of deployment. Restenosis is narrowing of blood vessels leading to restricted blood flow. Due to this, we are always on tenterhooks whether to stop the blood thinning drugs or not. Since this stent dissolves after a set period of time, there is no apprehension of clotting\", said Dr Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chilakaluripet", "code": "17750341", "title": "Kodela gets bail", "text": "Chilakaluripet: A local court granted bail to the arrested TDP leaders including former minister Kodela Sivaprasada Rao here on Monday. The TDP legal team filed bail petitions before the local junior civil judge, B Yedukondalu after Sattenapalle magistrate went on leave. After hearing arguments, the judge granted bail to all the leaders on submission of a bond for Rs 20,000 each. At least 14 leaders were sent to judicial remand on Sunday after being arrested at Narasaraopet for violation of police restrictions. The TDP leaders reached the district prison with the bail orders and within an hour the judge granted bail and submitted the papers to the prison authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17749233", "title": "Lip-smacking menus add fervour to festive spirit", "text": "RANCHI: As residents make plans to enjoy Christmas, restaurants in the city are also prepared to allure customers with various surprises. Almost all hotels and restaurants are decorated with stars, gift boxes and balloons to welcome the guests.Hotel Radisson Blu's food and beverages manager Richard Perirra said, \"We have a special turkey lunch on December 25 for Rs 699 (plus taxes per person). We have also made various rum-based cakes and puddings for the customers. Our employees will be dressed up as Santa Claus and distribute gifts to customers.\"Similarly, Hotel Capitol Hill will organize a gala lunch on Christmas. Hotel chef Mrinal Bakshi said, \"Continental dishes will be the main attraction and will include European, Russian and English foods. Roasted leg of lamb with mint sauce and corn asparagus pie will be our main attractions for the day.\"We will be also be offering plum cakes and puddings for which we had marinated dry fruits in rum for over a month to bring the taste of rum in cake ,\" he added.Although Hotel Landmark will not be offering any special menu for Christmas, it will offer discounts on the day. \"We will be giving flat 20% discount on all bills. Also, we will have a lottery system in which gift hampers will be given out to winning customers. We will organize candlelight dinner and live pasta counter,\" said front office executive Saheb Kumar.People can also visit Chanakya BNR hotel if they want to treat their taste buds with Hyderabadi food. The 10-day festival started on December 21. Food and beverages managers of the hotel Dharamveer said, \"We have invited the chef of a five star hotel of Hyderabad for our food festival. As December 25 is a holiday, we are expecting more customers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751509", "title": "Rs 3 cr ayed for doors, sensors at BRTS bus stops", "text": "INDORE: Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will give Rs 3 crore to Atal Indore City Transport Corporation Ltd (AICTCL) for installation of automatic doors and sensors at under-construction bus stops of BRTS. A proposal in this regard was passed by majority vote in council meet of IMC on Monday.The move was opposed on the grounds that AICTCL earned huge money and body would again earn money from the BRTS. The IMC, which is already in debt, should not give financial assistance. Congress corporator Ravi Verma argued that civic body is struggling to meet its expenses and thus it should not give money to a profit-making organization.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said BRTS and the road on which it is being constructed belongs to the IMC and once BRTS gets operation it will be property of civic body, so it is their responsibility to share the financial burden.Another proposal regarding loan of Rs 29 crore from the Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited (HUDCO) for installation of intelligence transport signal along the Bus Rapid Transport System (BRTS) was also passed with majority vote of the house.Moghe said the installation of signal and control room- which is a must for starting the BRTS - will cost some Rs 60 crore. Out of this, the Union government was supposed to fund Rs 29 crore under the JNNURM. But despite our repeated appeals and guarantee from the state government, the Union government has refused to release the fund.He said since the construction of BRTS is almost over, it cannot be left as it is, even if the Centre does not give us fund. \"After consultation with the state government, it has been decided that the civic body will approach the HUDCO for loan to install signals,\" the mayor said, adding that the state government will make 80% loan repayment and the civic body the remaining 20%.Congress corporators said the BRTS would flop in two years after its operation and there was no point in getting loan for it. \"After two years, the IMC will again invite tender for breaking BRTS as it will flop due to poor designing and execution,\" alleges leader of opposition Abhay Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17750449", "title": "When the night sky lit up for a cause", "text": "LUDHIANA: To empower and protect children, an awareness drive was held in city by AIESEC, the world's largest student run organization. The drive was held by organizing 'Night of lights'in association with a city-based restaurant.Hundreds of residents gathered from across the city and supported the cause by buying sky lanterns and launching them into the air on Sunday. A team of students from AIESEC had put up a stall at the Kipps market in Sarabha Nagar were sky lanterns were sold for Rs 300 each. The money raised will be used for a talent hunt for underprivileged children. Abhishek Negi, a member of AIESEC, who operates locally said, \"The talent hunt 'Bal Kalakaar' is scheduled for January 8. We will be inviting students from the poor areas and slums and organize a painting and dance competition and then scholarships will be given to the winners.\" Restaurateur Harjinder Singh Kukreja said, \"We had promoted the event on social networking sites and other messaging services.\"Sethis soak in merry-makingLively music, wafting aromas and much chatter marked the Christmas eve party at the Sethis house on Monday. The Sethis, one of the oldest families living in Model Town have been celebrating Christmas for decades. Pritpal, 65, a retired teacher has been making sure that his own and brother's families get together for the festivities since the past 55 years.The porch of the house saw about 20 family members gathering and having loads of fun. Kanwar Singh, 28, elder son of Pritpal played the guitar, setting the tone for some serious merry-making.A foggy winter, the barbecued chicken and cheese all added up to make for a perfect ambience for the Xmas party. The host, Pritpal, was seen welcoming his relatives dressed as Santa Claus, even as a huge colourfully decorated Christmas tree attracted attention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752448", "title": "Pakistan government recognises Republic of Kosovo", "text": "ISLAMABAD, Pakistan government Monday decided to recognise the Republic of Kosovo.The decision was made in accordance with the aspirations of the people of Kosovo, reported Xinhua quoting the Pakistan foreign ministry in a statement.\"The government of Pakistan has also decided to concurrently accredit its ambassador to the Republic of Turkey in Ankara as ambassador of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan to the Republic of Kosovo ,\" the ministry said.Pakistan is the 98th sovereign state recognising Kosovo.Kosovo declared \"full independence\" in September this year after the western powers overseeing Kosovo announced the end of their supervision of this Balkan nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749506", "title": "Aashiana rape: Victim's father demands justice from Akhilesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a letter to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , father of the Aashiana gang-rape victim, has requested not to give 'political patronage' to the family members of the prime accused who raped his daughter and demanded UP government's support for his daughter as given to Delhi gang-rape victim.\"I welcome your (chief minister) announcement that rapists, particularly those who target minors, in the state will be booked under National Security Act and that your government will bear full medical expenses of the Delhi rape victim, provide Rs 5 lakh financial aid to her family and job to the her and her friend who was also brutally assaulted while trying to save the victim. This has encouraged me to write to you directly seeking help required to get justice for my daughter who was just 13-year-old when she was abducted, tortured and brutally gang-raped on May 2, 2005,\" victim's father stated in the letter.Further, victim's father wrote, \"However, at the same time, I am disappointed to see that your party (Samajwadi Party) has given Lok Sabha ticket to Aruna Shankar Shukla, a mafia-turned-politician, whose nephew is prime accused in my daughter's case. Under such circumstances, how can we expect justice. I want to bring to your notice that the Samajwadi Party was in power when my daughter was brutally raped. At that time, the entire government administration including police and state women commission tried to scuttle the case and pressure us to withdraw the complaint against the influential accused.\"Narrating how the trial of the prime accused in the case has not started yet, victim's father has also written that he and his family are living under fear after Samajwadi Party announced to field Shukla in the elections. \"Political patronage would only embolden the spirit of the culprits not only involved in my daughter's rape but also in other cases in the state,\" he has written. The trial of the prime accused has not started because of the dispute whether he was a minor or adult at the time of the crime. Victim's father, a petty scrap dealer, has also asked for help for fighting the case in the court and job for his daughter.Significantly, barring the prime accused in the Aashiana gang-rape case, out of total six accused, four have been convicted in lower courts and trial of an accused is in the final stage. Initially, police booked a wrong person in the case. However, later he was released following media expose. Widespread public anger forced police to arrest the influential accused. But after the arrest, doctors tried to fudge the medical report of the victim. The family of the victim was pressured and offered money to 'settle the case' but it did not compromise. Today, the accused is married and settled in life, the victim is still living in 'hell', the victim's father says.Shukla is said to be close to Mulayam Singh Yadav . He was made member of legislative council by Mulayam in his previous regime. However, in 2008, Shukla defected to Bahujan Samaj Party and was fielded by Mayawati in 2009 Lok Sabha elections from Unnao. He lost and was later expelled from the party. Now, Shukla is back in Samajwadi Party and has been given ticket from Unnao for 2014 polls. Of total six MLAs in the country who have declared rape charges pending against them, four are from Uttar Pradesh, which include three from the ruling Samajwadi Party and one from Bahujan Samaj Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17749955", "title": "Mob fury after bus runs over woman", "text": "KOLKATA: Mob ransacked two government buses after one of the vehicles knocked down a middle-aged woman on Lenin Sarani on Monday evening. It was around 5pm, when Mary Sim, a 45-year-old woman and an NGO employee, was crossing the road near Wellington.\"She suddenly came in front of a state bus of S12 route, which was headed to Salt Lake. The driver of the bus slammed the brakes but failed to save the woman and her legs were crushed under the wheels of the bus. The driver stopped the bus and fled from the spot. Locals, with the help of police, took out the woman in critical condition and with the help of the police removedthe victim to Calcutta Medical College and Hospital, where she later died,\" said sources.Meanwhile, locals turned violent and pelted stones at the wind shield of the bus. They also ransacked another government bus of route S24 which was passing through the area. coming behind the offending vehicle.In another accident on Sunday night, a biker was mowed down by a speeding truck at Cossipore. The victim was identified as Samar Shaw, 23, of Gopi Mondal Lane at Cossipore. Police intercepted the truck and rounded up its driver Kalipada Majhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17751161", "title": "Exam postponement angers medical students", "text": "NASHIK: First year medical students of Shrimati K C Ajmera Ayurved Mahavidyalaya, who were left in the lurch when the college authorities informed them at the last moment that they did not have the permission to conduct the examinations, have approached the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS), seeking justice.The exams were postponed due to alleged non-compliance with the norms by the college. The students were informed about the inability of the college to conduct the exams on November 24, the day of the commencement of the exams.The students held day-long protests in front of the MUHS during the weekend and pro vice-chancellor Shekhar Rajderkar assured them of a solution and called them for a meeting on January 2.Rajpalsingh Shinde, representative of the All India Students Federation, Dhule, said that the college had not fulfilled the terms and conditions set by AYUSH (ayurveda, yoga and naturopathy, unani, siddha and homoeopathy), Central Council of Indian Medicine (CCIM) and the MUHS.\"Though the college was informed in September-October, the students were informed about it only on the first day of the exams. The college authorities told us that the exams have been postponed because they did not have the permission,\" students said.The principal of the college, Rajesh Shah, said: \"The MUHS gave us the notice around a month ago. We had approached the Aurangabad high court bench that permitted us to admit students for the academic year 2011-12. The inspection authority had asked AYUSH to grant us permission, but during verification, the latter began pointing out petty things. We have fulfilled the norms about the basic infrastructure. The CCIM had asked us to fulfil all the requirements, which we did by December 28, 2011 and sent the eligibility form to the MUHS before December 31, 2011. No authority gave us any letter about illegal admissions. We have also been given permission for the fee structure. We have minutes of the meeting.\"Shah added, \"Now, we have approached the Supreme Court and the court gave permission to the MUHS to accept our eligibility form. The verdict will be given on January 16.\"Refuting the claims of the college, Rajderkar said that the standards of the college were not up to the mark and that they were informed about it one-and-a-half years ago, along with other colleges.\"We give affiliation to colleges every year. After we denied it to Shrimati K C Ajmera Ayurved Mahavidyalaya or 2010-2011, they went to the high court which gave an interim stay in the interest of the students. The AYUSH was not satisfied. Then the college approached the Supreme Court which again sent it to the high court. The high court said there was no point in keeping the college open and the verdict was given on October 4, 2010 but the college did not inform the students. Had the college approached us, we could have thought of a way out in the interest of the students. They do not even bother to go through the circulars that we sent them. The students came to us with their grievances and we have asked for time to arrive at some solution. We have to talk to our lawyers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750377", "title": "Groups slam \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcundemocratic imposition\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University witnessed a series of protests early on Monday morning. teachers and students' organizations condemned the VC accusing him of \"undemocratic and callous imposition\" of the four-year undergraduate degree programme.They alleged that the measure is at variance with the standing norm of the National Education Policy, adopted by Parliament in 1992, which lays down a 10+2+3 pattern for all states and centrally funded and administered education institutions.A joint statement signed by 12 teachers, students and non-teaching staff organizations also alleges that the right to modify or tamper with the NEP does not lie with DU authorities.According to Saikat Ghosh, a faculty member at SGTB Khalsa College, \"The AC has not carried out any credible exercise in consulting statutory bodies like the department councils, committees of courses and faculties . To pass the four-year undergraduate degree programme without consent of respective committees of courses is a clear violation of Regulation 16A-4 of the DU Act.\"\"The VC has consulted only all those bodies nominated by him. He has not consulted DUTA, DUSU, staff council, and faculties among others,\" DUTA president Amar Deo Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749884", "title": "Two Chennai men held with pigeons in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "CHENNAI: Two city residents were arrested in Sulurpet in Andhra Pradesh on Sunday while they were taking trained pigeons for a competition in that state. The two were later let off after they paid the stipulated fine at a local court.Police said Hari, 29, of K K Nagar and Raji, 28, of Padi near Ambattur were members of a pigeon club in the city.Somasundaram, a member of the same club, said, \"we often take our pigeons to Naidupet and Kavali in Andhra Pradesh to race.\"Thiagu, 28, of Padi said, \"I went with two others to Naidupet on Saturday when we were caught by the Sulurpet police who claimed we were indulging in illegal gambling. We were going in a car with more than 150 pigeons. We explained to the police about the competition and were allowed to go.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749326", "title": "Now, no need to carry MSRTC e-ticket printouts", "text": "PUNE: Commuters travelling in Maharashra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) buses will not have to carry printouts of e-tickets anymore. They can show the booked ticket to the conductor in the email format, received on their mobile or laptop , during their journey , along with a photo identity proof. Besides this, commuters can now cancel their e-ticket four hours before scheduled departure from the place of origin. Earlier, cancellation was allowed only 48 hours before scheduled time.There was a long pending demand of the MSRTC passengers to allow commuters to travel without a printout of e-tickets.Commuters have been complaining for long that carrying ticket printouts was inconvenient, especially for those on business trips to outside destinations. Passengers had asked why they were asked to carry printouts when MSRTC was already sending SMSs and e-mails of the bookings.They said the railway administration already allows commuters to travel without printouts of e-tickets and the MSRTC should follow suit.An official from MSRTC's Pune division said, \"We have received fresh guidelines. We will now allow commuters to travel without printouts of their e-ticket, but they will have to produce e-tickets on their mobiles or laptops as it contains the transaction number and other details. We will be issuing instructions to the on-duty staff in a couple of days.\"MSRTC will also allow passengers to cancel e-tickets on the same day of the scheduled trip. The official said, \"As per the revised instructions, cancellation of an e-ticket will now be permitted up to four hours prior to the scheduled departure from origin or before the preparation of the reservation chart, whichever is earlier, with effect from Monday.\"The official added that online booking of tickets had increased in the last few years; nearly 40% commuters on the Pune-Mumbai route booked their tickets online.\"We were working on these proposals for the last few days as we needed to introduce the changes in the system,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749784", "title": "Relief to minister Sharma, court stays jail term", "text": "JAIPUR: A sessions court on Monday granted a stay on the sentence awarded to minister of state for health Rajkumar Sharma in a criminal case filed against him in 1997. The Upper Sessions Court-16, which heard the minister's stay application, however, refrained from commenting if the different jail terms awarded to him under different sections of IPC should run concurrently or one by one. The court observed that the law point could be heard and decided during the appeal against the conviction. The appeal would begin on January 31, 2013.Sharma, along with legislator Hanuman Beniwal and one Vijay Dehad, was convicted by an upper chief metropolitan magistrate on December 17 in a criminal matter lodged against them in 1997. The three men were then students of the Rajasthan University and on the day of the incident were protesting to demand the arrest of the accused in the infamous JC Bose hostel gang-rape committed on September 5, 1997. The protesters had gathered in front of the Maharaja's College and had blocked the road leading to the SMS Hospital.Minister Sharma, legislator Beniwal and the third person were convicted under IPC section 332 (causing hurt to deter a public servant from duty), section 353 (assault or criminal force on public servant), section 336 (endangering human life) and section 147 (rioting). The court sentenced the trio to three years' imprisonment under IPC section 332, two years under section 353, two years under section 147 and three months under section 336, besides different monetary penalties under each section. As per counsel Jain's argument in court, Sharma and the other two convicts are required to serve a total jail term of seven years and three months.The sessions court on Monday also noted that a woman, Manbhari Devi, who was now opposing the minister's sentence suspension plea on the ground that she could not reach the hospital for treatment due to road blockade, had not approached the court during the case's trial. There is no document or witness to suggest that the woman was affected by the protest, remarked the sessions court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17749169", "title": "Contract worker killed inside Bokaro Steel Plant", "text": "BOKARO: A contract worker of Bokaro Steel Plant was killed after being hit by a goods train while trying to cross the tracks on Monday.The deceased, Bhimsen Deogam (30) of Sree Laxmi Construction, was attempting to go to the other side of the plant by riding on his bicycle on a stretch that was not manned.The incident occurred at 5.30pm near the steel melting shop-I and slabbing mill of the plant, said sources.Chief of communication Sanjay Tiwary said, \"Deogam's body was recovered from the track with his bicycle. He was a contract worker. There wasn't any railway crossing on the spot where the accident took place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752635", "title": "Technicians stall Ekta Kapoor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s shoot", "text": "There was high drama on the sets of Ekta Kapoor's Ek Thi Daayan at Film City, Goregaon last Saturday as an arm of the Technical Workers' Association stormed inside,alleging its members are being 'overworked'.The protesters stalled the shooting and managed to wrest an assurance out of the producers that technicians will not be made to work for even a minute more than the mandatory 12-hour shift.Turns out, the incident is only the first casualty of the latest decision taken by the Technical Workers Association - to halt any film or television shoot, where technicians are made to work for more than 12 hours at a stretch. Acting on member complaints that have been pouring in for the past month, the body has threatened to launch surprise raids on film and television sets to stop its members from being overworked.Dharmesh Tiwari, President of the Federation of Western India Cine Employees (FWICE) confirmed the development and said, \"We will be raiding the sets where our members are being made to work for more than 12 hours. Every shift is supposed to be of eight-and-a-half hours duration and can be extended up to 12 hours. But under no circumstances can the shift be extended beyond that.\"Apparently, the association has received scores of complaints from its members that their shifts are being stretched beyond the stipulated 12 hours. \"There have been instances where our members have fallen sick due to exhaustion because they were overworked. While artistes get to sleep in between in their vanity vans, some producers don't spare a thought for the light man or spotboy, who is made to stand for 12 hours at a stretch.Wehavehadenoughofthese complaints. We will start acting on them now,\" Tiwari said, adding, \"TV shoots regularly flout norms. Even film shoots do so. We are viewing this issue very seriously now.\"Coming back to the Saturday incident, Balaji CEO Tanuj Garg confirmed the news and said, \"Some union members barged onto the sets of Ek Thi Daayan on Saturday and claimed we had extended the 12-hourshift. We were working on an intense scene and hence, our team didn't realise we had extended the time limit. After they came in, we decided to pack up for the day.\"Garg said the protest petered down after his team gave the agitating workers an assurance that they would henceforth stick to the stipulated 12 hour shift. \"It was an oversight. We told them their concern was genuine and we should have kept a track on the time. However, we assured them we would not violate the 12-hour shift timing now on,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17751631", "title": "Crackdown on builders not following set norms", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority on Monday launched a crackdown against all builders who have not been adhering to prescribed norms so that prospective homebuyers are not cheated. The decision to launch this drive came after the Authority received complaints about builders selling plots, flats and commercial space even without having actual possession or land titles.The additional CEO of Noida Authority, Pramanshu, said, \"We have received numerous complaints, especially about the developer Unnati Group in Sector 144 of Noida. A show-cause notice has been issued for launching a project without land.\" The flat buyers' association NEFOMA had raised this issue with the Authority.When asked, Unnati Group admitted that they do not own the land on which they are promoting a mega real estate project and that it belongs to IVR Group. \"We are not selling flats, plots or shops as of now. We are only promoting our future project. I do not think there is any harm in that,\" said Anil Mithas, promoter of Unnati Group. IVR Group refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17751279", "title": "'After 1962 war, US mulled using nukes against China'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Six months after the 1962 Chinese aggression on India, the US had contemplated using nuclear weapons in the event of another attack from Beijing as it was determined to prevent an Indian defeat at the hands of the Communists.The then president John F Kennedy, at a meeting with his top military aides on May 9, 1963, had expressed clear determination not to let Beijing defeat New Delhi, with his defence secretary even talking about using nuclear weapons against China if it launched another attack.These disclosures have come in a just released book 'Listening In: The Secret White House Recordings of John F Kennedy' co-authored by Ted Widmer and Caroline Kennedy. \"I gather we're coming to the defence of Israel and Saudi Arabia. What I think we ought to think about is, (unclear) it's desirable (?) for us, to give India a guarantee which actually we would carry out. I don't think there's any doubt that this country is determined that we couldn't permit the Chinese to defeat the Indians,\" Kennedy said. \"If we would, we might as well get out of South Korea and South Vietnam. So I think that's what we'll decide at the time. Now, therefore, I don't mind making, seeing us make some commitments. Now, if it is politically important,\" he said.Kennedy was quoted by the book as making these remarks in the White House meeting with his defence secretary Robert McNamara and chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff General Maxwell Davenport \"Max\" Taylor. Kennedy was US President from 1961 until his death in 1963. The book is a selection of audio recordings of Kennedy's conversations and meetings at the White House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17751123", "title": "Realty expo rakes in 125-crore business", "text": "Nashik: The Shelter:2012, a four-day realty expo, organised by Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI), Nashik, generated around Rs 125-crore business, including spot bookings of around 150 flats amounting to Rs 37.50 crore.The expo, which concluded on Sunday, attracted over 50,000 visitors in the last four days. Around 125 builders and developers showcased around 400 residential properties, with around 7,000 flats, row houses, twin bungalows and bungalows. The expo highlighted the potential of Nashik with focus on green, clean and beautiful Nashik.The expo showcased flats from 1BK to 5BHK with an area ranging from 500 sq ft to 3,000 sq ft and rates in the range of Rs 2,500 per sq ft to Rs 6,000 per sq ft in different parts of the city.The flats were available with a total cost from Rs 13 lakh to Rs. 1 crore at various locations across the city.Kiran Chavan, president, CREDAI Nashik, said, \"We received unexpected response during the expo and over 50,000 people visited the expo. The participant builders and developers received bookings of around 150 flats valued at around Rs 37.50 crore. We are expecting a sale of around 350 flats worth Rs 87.50 crore to be generated in the next six months.\" Various small and big schemes from 10 flats to 3,000 flats were showcased at the expo.Abhay Sakare, director (Nashik Division), of a prominent real estate group, which is setting up a township on 26 acres in Nashik with a total of 1,608 flats, said, \"We got around 650 real enquiries during the expo. Next two months are crucial for us as we expect the maximum enquiries being converted into bookings.\"Sujoy Gupta, chairman of another group, said, \"We got huge enquiries during the realty expo and around 8 flats were booked on the spot. We hope good business in the next few days.\" Satish Salwe, employee in an Ambad-based private company in the city, said, \"The real estate prices have increased a lot in Nashik in the past few years and have gone beyond the buying capacity of middle class people. I was here to search a house within my budget.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751514", "title": "Conference of Sahodaya school concludes", "text": "INDORE: The 19th national annual conference of Sahodaya schools concluded on Monday. The panelists on the final day were former director, academics, CBSE, Dr G Balasubramanium. He initiated the talk with the problems that hamper the quality of education and threw light on new dimensions of education. He also co-related education and economic growth. The major problems he discussed were quality of education, issues relating to corruption in educational administration, discouraging teacher, ill equipped schools etc.He suggested solutions by making the curriculum more relevant, ensuring education for employability and accreditation of schools. Some of the recommendations of the conference were as to how principals be treated as master trainers for value education, implementing the Right to Free and Compulsory Education in the schools, focus on child-centred education and adopting teaching-learning processes along with new pedagogies and technologies etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750319", "title": "Tihar gives maximum security to main accused", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Ram Singh, the main accused in the Vasant Vihar gang-rape case, was shifted to Tihar, jail officials confirmed that all inmates stayed away from him. Though Tihar spokesman Sunil Gupta denied that Singh was attacked by inmates when he was being taken to jail number 3, the authorities have arranged maximum security for him. Parliament attack accused Afzal Guru is also lodged in the same jail.\"As soon as Singh was taken to Tihar, the inmates came to know about it. Whenever he crossed a cell, they hurled abuse at him,\" said a source. Singh has, however, not reacted so far and spoken only when questioned.He allegedly told a third battalion personnel transporting him to Tihar that he organized the brutal attack just like that. At the jail, he was lodged in a separate high security jail away from the other inmates to \"ensure highest security\". \"So far he has not demanded anything from us,'' said an officer.The three other accused who, too, were sent to Tihar Jail have been put up in different cells to keep them from interacting with each other. While Akshay Thakur, another of the main accused has been lodged at jail no. 4, Vinay Sharma and Pawan has been lodged in jail no. 7. In this jail undertrials in the age of 18-21 are usually lodged. Ram's brother Mukesh has been taken into police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17749023", "title": "Women's panel demands separate Guwahati buses", "text": "GUWAHATI: Around 20,000 women use public transports like buses every day and yet there's no security for them in these vehicles. Records also show that women face the maximum harassment in buses.Around 1,000 buses ply in the city, most often packed with passengers. The indifference of conductors and the absence of protection, help many offenders get away with nonsense. Most women complain that male passengers behave indecently with them. Sometimes they occupy seats reserved for women. And even if women manage to get a seat, male passengers keep bothering them.Several women's organizations demanded separate city buses. The chairperson of the Assam State Commission for Women, Meera Borborooah, said, \"After the G S Road incident, we asked the government to step up security in the city in the evening but till date no action has been taken. Women face a lot of harassment in buses but nothing is being done to check it. Years back I had heard that there would be separate buses for women. But where are they?\"She added that they would renew their demand for separate buses and also ask for women police in regular buses. Women said that most often they have to walk to avoid harassment. It's only when they have to travel long distances, that they board a bus. \"I stopped taking buses after a fellow passenger harassed me once. Just to avoid him, I got and sat on another seat. But he followed me there, too. Then I got off the bus,\" said Anamika Das, a college student.\"Men really behave most indecently with women passengers,\" said Ankita Bhowmick, a city-based professional who travels everyday in a city bus.Renowned women's activist, Sumitra Hazarika, narrated a harrowing tale in a night bus. \"A girl boarded a bus from Chandmari. As soon as she took a seat, a youth setting beside her, tried to get close. I watched the youth carefully. The girl was really feeling uncomfortable. When the bus reached Guwahati Club, I caught hold of him, slapped him and forced him to get off the bus. There should be security at every stop. Women guards with martial arts training should be deployed in buses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17751083", "title": "St Mary\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Basilica chariot catches fire", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a close shave for thousands of worshippers at St Mary's Basilica, Shivajinagar, on Christmas eve.A chariot car being spruced up for the midnight mass caught fire around 9.35pm on Monday. No casualties were reported from the fire that was put out in 15 minutes, police and fire brigade personnel said. The fire destroyed the chariot car.Chaos gripped the area, but there was no panic. Shivajinagar police said at least 5,000 people were present in the church and its vicinity at the time of the blaze. The size of the crowd increased to 25,000 by midnight.Sridhar Gupta, an eyewitness, said the crowd was getting restive and moving towards the St Mary's Basilica church. Suddenly, he noticed a fire. \"I stopped my bike and turned around to see the chariot car inside the church compound on fire. The crowd that was milling about began moving towards the church. There was no melee as some people were under the impression that it was part of the fireworks,\" Sridhar said.There were conflicting versions about what caused the blaze. Arul Das, a Kammanahalli resident, who was walking into the compound when the accident occurred, told TOI that the decorated part of the chariot caught fire soon after a flowerpot was lit. \"Sparks from the flowerpot fell on the hay used in the decoration. Soon a small flame was ignited. l immediately alerted two policemen,\" he said.The chariot was being decorated for the procession when the blaze occurred, other eyewitnesses said.The fire control room received the first call at 9.41pm. Fire brigade personnel said they were told by policemen on the spot that it was a small fire. \"We rushed from the Mayo Hall fire station with a fire engine within five minutes. Another engine followed us. The entire chariot was gutted. It looks like a blaze lit by short circuit,\" a fire-fighter at the spot said.\"We were in the prayer hall when we noticed smoke and flames outside. We stepped out to see what was happening. Thankfully, none of the volunteers who were decorating the chariot were hurt,\" said Mary Das, a devotee who was at the spot.Consecrated in 1882, St Mary's Basilica has a few masses in the run-up to the midnight mass. The first mass began at 8pm. Though the prayer hall was full, the frontyard was not fully occupied during the first mass. Replicas of angels, cribs, Infant Jesus, Christmas tree and the golden hued chariot attracted people who were busy taking snapshots with their cameras and cellphones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749681", "title": "Jaipur full of Christmas cheer", "text": "JAIPUR: Churches have been decorated, cakes and other goodies have been prepared, carol singers are spreading the joy of Christmas from door-to-door and markets are buzzing with last minute shopping. With Christmas today, the festive spirit has gripped the Pink City.Saint Andrew's Church, one of the oldest in the city, near Chandpole has been done up with colourful lights while the inside of the church has been decorated with red and white balloons. \"Like every year, we are organizing a mass prayer on our church campus at 9.30am on Christmas. We are expecting around 250 families,\" said Father J K Sharma. Cribs have been decked up to depict different stages of the birth Jesus Christ.All Saints Church on Church Road looks beautiful with colourful lights. Apart from the local families we are also visited by foreign tourists during the midnight mass,\" said Father Joel Joseph.The community members too have been doing their bit to decorate churches. \"I have been visiting the St Xavier's Church for last 12 years with my family to decorate it a day before Christmas. It is a part of our celebrations and I don't want to miss it,\" said Mukti Jose, a college student.City markets witnessed heavy rush on Monday due to Christmas. People from all religions were seen buying Christmas trees and gifts. \"Sales of Santa Claus dolls, stars, Christmas trees, bells and different decorative items have gone up over the years. The festival is no more confined to only some religions but has truly become universal. Many Hindu families too are shopping for Christmas this year,\" said Vikrant, owner of a gift shop in C-Scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17750254", "title": "Hidumbi gets a heroic stature Kalanilayam gives", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Hidumbi, a neglected character in the Mahabharatha, will attain a heroic stature in the first dramatic venture of Kalanilayam Stage Crafts, a division of Kalanilayam Drama Vision. The high-tech drama will explore the emotional torture suffered by the rakshasa woman though she was the wife of Bhima, the most powerful human character in the epic, and mother of Ghatolkacha.Titled 'Hidumbi, an arrow from the past,' the drama will also demonstrate the agony and trauma of all women who feel estranged even if they have husband and children.\"We are launching our new hi-tech drama Hidumbi in January, in the 50th year of Kalanilayam Drama Vision,\" says managing director Ananthapadmanabhan. He says the play will also be a felicitation for actor Jagathy Sreekumar. The drama troupe 'Kalanilayam', launched by Kalanilayam Krishnan Nair and Jagathy N K Achary, was revived by Krishnan Nair's son Ananthapadmanabhan and Achary's son Jagathy Sreekumar a couple of years ago.Though Hidumbi plays a crucial role in Mahabharata being the wife of Bhima and mother of Ghatolkacha, her character as a woman was given no significance in the epic. However, with the initiative of KalanilayamStage Crafts, Hidumbi will be presented more as a representative of women rather than a neglected character in the epic.Scriptwriter Gireesh P C Palam says Hidumbi was the first one on the list of the jilted. He says the play is an attempt to give voice to those women who faced the same emotional and physical struggles of Hidumbi living in this society unnoticed by their relatives and friends.The play is directed by Manoj Narayanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17749773", "title": "GIB hunters had aimed at two birds", "text": "Jaisalmer: The hunters, who had killed a Great Indian Bustard (GIB) near here on last Thursday, had actually trained their guns on two birds. However, one managed to fly away.The GIB, the state bird of Rajasthan , was hunted down on the Link Road to the Sam sand dunes near Barna village on December 20 noon. The area is called Sudasari and forms a part of the Desert National Park.It is for the first time in the past four decades that a GIB, also called godavan, has been poached during daytime. The forest department, taking a serious note of the incident, has started an investigation.Meanwhile, the police have identified two vehicles used in poaching - a Tata 207 and a Bolero -- in which the hunters took away the dead bird.The GIB is facing extinction and its hunting is illegal. The poaching comes at a time when the government is formulating schemes to protect it. The government has sent one such scheme to the Centre for approval.Sources pointed out that with the onset of winter, hunting of migratory birds begins at DNP but till now no action has been taken against any such elements.According to Khuhadi police station officer Kishore Singh, the two godavans were two kilometers away from the Sudasari area of the forest department. One vehicle that came from Khuhadi side spotted the godavans. They then called their friends through mobile phone. Later other poachers came in a Bolero and after parking their vehicle a little distance from the birds, fire at them.While one of the godavans died on the spot, the other managed to fly away. The poachers took the dead bird and left towards Khuhadi. Kishore Singh said that a shepherd, who witnessed the incident, later informed the forest department squad that reached the spot.Though the police tried to catch hold of the poachers by blocking Sangad, Jhinjhinyali, Sam and other areas, they managed to escape.Wildlife Board chairman Ranjeet Singh, describing the incident as \"very serious\" said that the DNP, especially Sudasari area, has only over 50 godavans. In the entire state there is less than 100 Godavans. \"If the government fails to take stringent action, godavans will become extinct in the state,\" he said.Officials of DNP have sent the samples of blood, feather etc of godawan to a forest laboratory. A case has been registered against unidentified poachers under Section 9 of Wildlife Act.Principal chief conservator of forests, U K Sahay said that he has sought the complete report of poaching of godavan and it is a serious incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751536", "title": "Senior excise official's wife goes missing", "text": "INDORE: The wife of a senior customs official, currently posted in Indore, is missing from her residence in New Mumbai since December 13. Senior officer's wife is a sister of yesteryear actresses Sulakshana and Vijeta Pandit.Sandhya Singh, 50, the wife of customs and central excise commissioner, Jaiprakash Singh, had set out for a bank with a friend and has been missing ever since. Singh, who lodged an FIR with Nerul police station in New Mumbai on December 15, announced a reward of Rs 50,000 for anyone, who provides a clue about his missing wife, said a source in the know of the development.Kidnapping has been ruled out as the family has not received any ransom call.Sandhya's sisters Sulakshana Pandit and Vijeta Pandit have been actresses and her brothers Jatin and Lalit are into music composing.Singh initially thought Sandhya had gone to her in-laws' place at Juhu in Mumbai, but when he called up the Juhu residence next day, he was told she hadn't reached there.Jaiprakash Singh told TOI, \"I was busy with an event held by MP Art Gallery in Gwalior on December 14 when my son informed me about it. Upon learning about it, I had rushed to Mumbai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17749582", "title": "Minor gang-raped in Sitapur, murdered", "text": "LUCKNOW: A minor was gang-raped and murdered in Sitapur and a woman was molested in Maharajganj district in Uttar Pradesh on Monday. In the first incident, a man from Ramkot in Sitapur lodged an FIR with police accusing Santram Dixit and Sanjay of his village of kidnapping his seven-year-old daughter, gang-raping her and then murdering her. Police have detained one accused.In another incident, reported from Nichauli area of Maharajganj district, a couple working at a brick kiln was on its way home after the day's work on Sunday when they were intercepted by three armed miscreants. The miscreants took the man at gun point and robbed him off the money that he had on his including the day's earning of the duo. While they dumped him in a farm field by the roadside after tying up his limbs, they took the woman, a short distance away and raped her. Attempts of the victim's husband to raise an alarm were silenced by the miscreants who threatened to shoot him dead, brandishing country-made fire arms. Before the miscreants left the scene, they also tied and gagged the woman as well.The two were rescued by the local villagers early morning on Monday when they were spotted lying injured and rushed to the primary health centre on the village outskirts after which the police were also informed about the crime. The woman later revealed that the miscreants took away her silver ornaments.Police claimed to have identified the accused and are making efforts to arrest one of them whose photograph has been identified by the victim. At least one of the accused is said to be a listed robber and has criminal cases pending against him with different police stations of Maharajganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17749184", "title": "Garhwa mukhiya escapes attack", "text": "Garhwa: A mukhiya survived a bid on his life when some unidentified criminals opened fire at his house on Sunday night.Police said on Monday the criminals attacked the house of Garbandh panchayat mukhiya Sohan Oraon. The criminals abused the mukhiya and asked him to open the door. When he did not open, the criminals fired six rounds and tried to damage the thatched roof in a bid to enter the house.Sensing danger, Oraon along with his son Sudhir fled home by scaling the boundary wall. As he raised the alarm , the criminals escaped. But while fleeing, the criminals damaged the mukhiya's SUV and also set ablaze piled-up hay of his neighbour Ramjit Oraon.The mukhiya said a dispute was going on between him and his villager Mohan Yadav over the construction of panchayat bhavan about a month ago. Yadav had threatened him with dire consequences. Mukhiya Oraon has lodged an FIR against Anil Yadav and two unidentified person, police said. \"It was Mohan Yadav on whose instance his brother Anil Yadav along with others had carried out the incident\", Oraon said. Nagar Untari SDPO Ashok Kumar said, \"Criminals involved in the shootout incident have been identified. All of them will soon be arrested,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750667", "title": "Bhubaneswar decked up for Christmas today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Preparations are on in full swing in the city for celebration of Christmas on Tuesday.Churches across the city are decked up for the festivity while markets are flooded with Christmas trees, stars, jingle bells, stars, lights, music, various types of cakes and bakery items. Illumination, carol singing and Santa Claus will be the centre of attractions at the churches during the celebration.The Church of Christ (Union Church), located on Sachivalaya Marg here, has planned two worship services on Tuesday. There will be also a cultural programme 'Nila Rati' on the church campus. A Christmas vigil mass will be organized at the St Vincent's Catholic Church at Satya Nagar. \"We are expecting about 3,000 visitors,\" said Santosh Diggel, father of the church.\"Youth play a major role in programmes of the church and it is no different this time. They take part in singing choir, playing musical instruments and rendering social work,\" said Paresh Das, secretary, Church of Christ (Union Church).The Bhubaneswar Christian Community would throw a bash a day after Xmas to celebrate birth of Christ.Christmas is time for family reunion for many in the city. \"Our family members, residing outside, come home during the festival. We will prepare a variety of dishes and cakes for the occasion and have grand party,\" said Ranjita Maharana, a staff nurse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17750479", "title": "New building for law school", "text": "Hubli: Karnataka State Law University will soon take up construction of new building of Karnataka State Law School to house its offices and classrooms. KSLU has estimated around Rs.52 crores for the construction of the law school which includes of library and hostel for the students in the premises of KSLU and proposal has been sent to the state government. State government has given the approval for the sanction of Rs.10 crores to start the construction of the new building recently. Right now Karnataka State Law University is managing their classes only in six class rooms in existing building which is not sufficient for 150 students (which includes LLB and LLM) who are studying in Law University and authorities are taking classes in rented building near to the university. University at present have auditorium which accommodate 200 students and one library in the campus. Speaking to TOI, J S Patil, Vice Chancellor, KSLU, said that \"Already state government has given the approval to sanction Rs.10 crore for the construction of the new building in assembly session recently and we will perform bhoomi puja and start the work soon after receiving the amount from the government.\" \"New law school building will be constructed with excellent facilities is designed for KSLU's Law School. Every class room will be built with the state of the art facility such as LCD, white board, plug in facility for lap top of every student,\" he said. The building will be designed in such a manner as not to echo when lectures are delivered and no disturbance is caused to the neighboring class. It is advisable to have class rooms with the same length and width so that the students can have clear visibility of the white board and the material displayed on it. Provision should be made for built in speakers and concealed cabling for LAN and other hi-tech facilities, he added. There are around 16 classrooms and seminar hall and moot court hall along with the faculty lounge and toilets will be constructed in newly built law school, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749737", "title": "State Congress learns from Gujarat failures, attempts to address groupism", "text": "JAIPUR: Learning from Congress's defeat in the Gujarat assembly elections, the party has begun to placate its disgruntled leaders in poll-bound Rajasthan. Congress state president Chandrabhan is reaching out to senior leaders, especially the critics of chief minister Ashok Gehlot , hoping to minimize the probable groupism-induced damage to the party in the 2013 assembly polls.Sources said the 'sudden change' has also come around as the state leadership's immediate concern was to ensure 'peace' during the party's Chintan Shivir to be held in Jaipur on January 18-19. The Congressmen's internal fight that surfaced at the party delegates meeting at PCC early this month is said to have left the state leadership worried.Among the reasons that have been identified at the initial stage for Congress's debacle in the just concluded Gujarat elections, groupism among its leaders has emerged as a big factor. The same factor has been ailing the party ever since chief minister Gehlot assumed office in December 2008. The chief minister's critics got particularly vocal this year. Though, union minister C P Joshi's declaration from a public platform in Udaipur-when he was still the party's state president-about no longer being a 'Gehlot follower' was seen by the political analysts as the first sign of groupism taking roots in Rajasthan Congress. Joshi later clarified that he was not opposed to Gehlot but saw himself as a \"competitor\" of the chief minister within the party.Political observers keenly noted the union minister's presence and refusal to sit in the front beside Gehlot, Chandrabhan and Mukul Wasnik at the PCC delegates' meeting where ex-legislators and other leaders targeted the chief minister for his style of governance on December 15.At the same time, Congress legislators like Sonaram Chaudhary, Udai Lal Anjana, CL Premi, Daulat Raj Naik and others have openly criticised the chief minister and his ministers for poor governance and ignoring the people's grievances. This group of Congress's elected representatives even complained against Gehlot to the party high command, including Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi. Sources said party state president Chandrabhan, who has apparently 'returned' to the Gehlot camp, was now attempting to pacify these leaders on behalf of the chief minister. Chandrabhan's separate meetings recently with Jat leaders in Shekhawati too are said to be directed at soothing the disgruntlement among Congress leaders ahead of the assembly polls due next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17748651", "title": "Woman nabs molester on Byculla road", "text": "MUMBAI: The Byculla police arrested a 35-year-old man for allegedly sexually harassing a 32-year-old woman on a road in broad daylight on Sunday. Before the accused, Dayalal Yadav, could flee from the spot, the victim caught hold of him by his collar and screamed for help.The incident took place around 4.45pm near Jijamata Udyan in Byculla when the victim was returning home from work.\"The accused, who works at a tea shop in Byculla, caught hold of the victim's hand, hugged her and misbehaved with her in the middle of the road. Instead of getting frightened and cowering down, the brave victim chased the accused and caught him before he could give her a slip,\" Byculla police sub-inspector Amar Dhendge told TOI.In her complaint, the victim who works at a garments unit, said, \"The stranger literally pounced on me and misbehaved with me. At the time of the incident, there were very few people on the road. Somehow, I managed to catch hold of him by his collar and screamed for help.\"Inspector P M Patil of the Byculla police station said on hearing the victim's screams, a pan shop owner in the vicinity rushed to her help and caught hold of Yadav. Together, the victim and the shop owner handed over Yadav to the police.Yadav was booked under Indian Penal Code's Section 354 (outraging the modesty of a woman, which is a bailable offence). He has been remanded in judicial custody.The police are getting details whether Yadav was ever involved in similar kind of offences in the past.\"He had been keeping a watch on the woman at the deserted stretch of the road, which is close to the Jijamata Udyan. The accused is not known to the victim. He confessed to committing the offence and said he thought he would escape easily without getting caught,\" said assistant commissioner of police, Agripada division, J R Samokkadam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749661", "title": "Every Santa on the street has a story", "text": "CHENNAI: An oversized red coat with a musty smell, a finger that sticks out of a hole in a worn-out glove, a twitch in the lips barely visible behind the fluffy beard - after 15 years of dressing up as Santa Claus, L Sravan knows to play his role to the hilt. He trudges up and down with a bag, waves and nods at passersby and breaks into a deep belly laugh to catch attention.\"Most often it is the children who take notice of me. The curious ones come and touch me and run away, some are too scared to look my way. I know I've done my job when children come and hug me or their faces break into a smile,\" says the 40-year-old, who has been hired by a retail store in T Nagar this season. When not dressed as Santa, Sravan, a bachelor, ekes out a living doing odd jobs like running errands for private companies and waiting on tables. \"I send the money back home to my parents in Tiruttani,\" he says, smoothening the stuffing beneath his coat.With the city in the grip of Christmas festivity, many like Sravan have donned the familiar red coat with white collar and a matching cap to spread cheer among children. While for many, Christmas is a time to celebrate, for people like Sravan the festival is a source of livelihood.\"I usually get to know that a shop or a church is looking for a Santa by word of mouth or I approach them myself. If nothing works out, I visit orphanages. I entertain children there free of cost,\" says 30-year-old K Rajesh, a Santa at Spencer's. Rajesh sometimes signs up with event management companies in the city and dresses up as Mickey Mouse or clown at children's parties. \"Work at event management companies is not consistent. Sometimes they call you, sometimes they don't. Under such circumstances, I need to find a job on my own,\" he said, lifting his mask to wipe the sweat on his face.While Santas who work for event management companies get paid anywhere between 1,000 and 3,000 a day, those who are hired directly by shops get a measly sum. However, the likes of Sravan and Rajesh are finding it difficult to find a job with every passing Christmas with most shops engaging their own employees to play Santa in an effort to cut costs.People with no permanent jobs are not the only ones making a living by playing Santa, students too are dressing up as the portly merry white-bearded man to make pocket money. \"We are free during the vacation. I heard the shop was looking for a Santa from my friend, I immediately signed up,\" said R Srinath, an engineering college student, who has dressed up as Santa to welcome customers at a retail outlet on Nelson Manickam Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753282", "title": "Maha Kumbh 2013 gets technology edge", "text": "Siblings separated in the \"Kumbh ka mela\" may no longer serve as Bollywood's most tried-and-tested story line. With state-of-the-art technology being put in place to keep an eye on every person entering and exiting the mela area, getting lost in Maha Kumbh 2013 could, in fact, pose a giant challenge.For starters, the mela administration has turned the process of allotting living quarters for all seven akharas\u00e2\u20ac\u201dsects created by Adi Sankaracharya to strengthen the Hindu religion and unite those practicing different rituals, customs and beliefs\u00e2\u20ac\u201donline. Starting this Maha Kumbh, devotees and visitors can not only look for the precise location of the akaharas they wish to visit, but they can also map their guru's every movement as they mingle with the crowds in the mela.Small wonder even sadhus are pulling out iPads to perform split-second searches on Google Maps for the precise location of their preferred akharas. \"In previous Kumbh melas , the only technology used was CCTV cameras on watch towers, for surveillance purposes and some wireless handsets. This year, we have broken new ground with advanced technology like GPS mapping, Wimax and specially-built software to ascertain the number of people who come to participate,\" said OP Srivastava, manager, Kumbh Mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750719", "title": "Foreigners put best Odissi foot forward", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odissi dance has kept Japanese dancer Eiko Shinohara wedded to Odisha for the last four years since she came to the state to master the art form from her guru. Elena Knyazeva, a manager in Moscow, fell in love with the dance form when she saw an Odissi performance in her country in 2003. Also smitten by the Odissi bug, for Vinod Kevin Bachan from West Indies it was really difficult to convince his parents that he wants to take up Odissi as his career, quitting his job of a nutritionist.Over the past few years, the state has witnessed a spurt in foreign disciples coming here to learn Odissi. The trend is palpable at the ongoing week-long International Odissi Dance Festival, in which nearly 20 foreign dancers are slated to perform.\"Odissi is very popular in Japan. A number of young girls are learning it there and want to visit Odisha to improve their skill,\" said Eiko, who has been learning the dance from Rahul Acharya in Bhubaneswar. After her solo performance at the festival here on Monday, Eiko said, \"This is a wonderful opportunity for young dancers to showcase their talent amid veterans and to improve themselves.\"Also excited after her solo performance at the festival, Russian dancer Elena took time off to share her Odissi journey. \"eing an expert in martial art, my body was flexible enough to learn the art even at the age of 29. After doing my preliminary course in Moscow I started learning Odissi from Sujata Mohapatra and I am still improving,\" smiled Elena. \"Through this festival we got a chance to know how Odissi is growing and what is happening in other parts of the world. It's a great opportunity to learn as we can adopt something very creative or unique someone has done somewhere through exchanging our ideas,\" she said.Also a Kuchipudi dancer, West Indian Bachan described his love affair with the dance in yet more poetic terms. \"I like the form and the way the dance describes nature. It is beautiful and lyrical. It touches my heart and I decided to leave everything behind and follow my passion,\" he narrated. \"Being very traditional people, a boy taking to dancing was a strict no in my family, but when my parents watched the performance of my guru Rahul Acharya they agreed. Being the first male Odissi dancer in West Indies, I have a lot of opportunities in my country, where the dance form is getting popular,\" he said.Similarly, mother-daughter duo Eleonora and Angelina have become ambassadors of Odissi dance in Russia with their performances for the last one decade. \"Through our performance we want people of Russia to learn the spiritual intimacy of Indian and Russian people, to give a true vision of Odissi dance embodying principles of goodness, humanism and contribute to greater understanding of each other,\" said 47-year-old Eleonora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "17750651", "title": "Astra hits target for third time", "text": "BALASORE: The Defence Reserch and Development Organisation (DRDO) on Monday successfully conducted the third developmental trial of the indigenously developed beyond visual range air-to-air missile 'Astra' from the integrated test range (ITR) at Chandipur, about 15 km from here.The missile was successfully tested with an electronic target on Friday and the next day against a real target Pilotless Target Lakshya.Defence source said the missile was test-fired from a ground launcher in launch pad-I during noon. \"The trial was successful. The test was carried out with a simulated target achieving all parameters and mission objectives,\" said ITR Director MVKV Prasad.Describing 'Astra' as a futuristic missile, DRDO scientists said the weapon can intercept aerial targets at supersonic speed. \"Before being made fully operational, the complex missile system will undergo some more trials, though tests of its navigation, control, air frame and propulsion have been validated earlier,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752505", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan plays superdad", "text": "The actor flew from Wai to Mumbai to help Suhana rehearse her lines for a school play Not so long ago, Shah Rukh Khan had said in an interview with this newspaper that his children are his closest allies and best friends. Turns out the actor leaves no stone unturned when it comes to spending quality time with his kids, whom he obviously dotes upon. TOI has learnt that Shah Rukh, who is currently shooting for Chennai Express in Wai, flew back to Mumbai on Saturday just to help his daughter Suhana rehearse her lines. She is participating in a play titled Jhansi Ki Rani at Dhirubhai Ambani International School. On Sunday, he took the same chopper ride back to Wai to resume work.An insider revealed, \"After wrapping up the day's shoot, SRK took a chopper ride from Wai to Mumbai. He was in Mannat by Saturday evening and helped Suhana with her lines.\"Apparently,the actor had similarly taken a chartered flight from Goa to Mumbai to meet his son Aryan who was there in Mumbai just for a day. He flew back to Goa the same night for the shoot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17748547", "title": "15-yr-old cop's son held for ramming jeep into 4 people", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after a 17-year-old boy killed a 45-year-old woman in a road accident in Malad on Sunday, the 15-year-old son of an assistant sub-inspector rammed his jeep into four persons on Monday, including three women, injuring all of them in Tardeo. The teenaged driver, who drove his father's jeep without a licence, has been arrested.The incident took place at around 11.15am inside the Tardeo police quarters. The boy, whose identity has not been disclosed as he is a juvenile, is a class X student. \"His father is attached to the local arms unit of the city police. On Sunday night, they returned in the jeep and it was parked outside the police quarters. On Monday morning, the ASI asked his son to bring some stuff from the jeep. The teenager took the keys to open the door. However, he could not open the door and hence decided to start the jeep and take a U-turn,\" said a police officer. While taking a U-turn, the boy rammed his jeep into four persons and injured them. The locals rushed to the spot and took the injured persons to BYL Nair Hospital. The boy was also taken to the hospital,\" said the police.Those injured were Sunita Prakash Pokhre, Neeta Surti, Dularibai Pardeshi both hawkers and Mukesh Chaudhry, all residents of Tardeo. The teenaged driver was at the wheel of an Invader jeep owned by his father's relative, said police. Soon after the engine started, the vehicle jumped forward and injured some persons. \"He was not drunk. He did not have a licence to drive but he started the jeep and met with an accident. We have booked him for grievous hurt under the IPC and for driving without a licence under the Motor Vehicle Act,\" said inspector Manohar Hindlekar.\"We have arrested him and reprimanded his father for allowing a minor to drive the jeep. His parents told police they were unaware that he would start the jeep and try to drive. We have not decided where to keep him, whether in the police station or a remand home. He will be produced before a juvenile court tomorrow. A decision on whether to fine his father or not is yet to be taken since the jeep is not registered in the name of his father,\" said Hindlekar.On Sunday, the Bangur Nagar police arrested a 17-year-old boy after the police traced his car, a Skoda, which rammed into a woman, Anita Chavan, killing her. After the accused hit Chavan, he lost control and rammed a passing vehicle before fleeing from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "17749070", "title": "Power cuts, violence mar festive mood", "text": "DIMAPUR: The power department is playing a spoilsport this Christmas with frequent load-shedding dampening the festival spirit in the town.Preparations for the big day have been affected by the power crisis that started some time back. Decorative lights and electric bells are missing.Also, the festive mood has been marred by violence in different parts of the state involving factions of NSCN. Despite some faction of the rebel outfit declaring complete ceasefire ahead of the celebration, situation remains tense in some pockets.Christmas is celebrated by all in Dimapur. Most of the shops remain closed on the day.On Tuesday, streets of Dimapur will transform turn out to be a place of festivity, which young and old moving around in groups wishing every one whom they meet a \"merry Christmas\". Dimapur town would be totally closed, except Bakeries and Resturants, which would be found doing a brisk business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17751600", "title": "Forest dwellers term proposed tiger reserve as illegal", "text": "COIMBATORE: Stating in unequivocal terms that no forest conservation activity would be possible without community participation, over 19 organisations representing traditional forest dwellers and other aborigines living within the Nilgiris Biosphere Reserve (NBR) met in Gudalur near Ootty on Saturday and adopted a declaration terming the proposed tiger reserves in Wayanad and Sathyamangalam as illegal.According to them, they are being planned in blatant violation of the provisions of the Forest Rights Act, 2006. The declaration also wanted immediate reversal of the tiger reserve status granted to Mudumalai National Park last year saying it has caused massive displacement and denial of livelihood. It has also termed pathetic the condition of the tribal people and other forest dwellers living on the fringes of Nagerhole and bandipur tiger reserves as the forest department was denying them constitutionally granted rights.\"During the meeting, members thoroughly deliberated and discussed the state of the Protected Areas of the Nigiris Biosphere Reserve. \"We have found repeated instances of violation of the Forest Rights Act of 2006 and the Wildlife Protection Act - Amendment of 2006. We urge political parties and environmentalists to raise their voice against continued dispossession of the local communities from their traditional habitat and community resources,'' said C R Bijoy of Campaign For Survival and Dignity. Expressing extreme anxiety over the ban on cattle grazing within the forests apart from denying the right to collect minor forest produces, the declaration has found each and every tiger reserve in the region ( be it implemented or under proposal) as arbitrary, unilateral, discriminating and drafted without consulting the affected communities.\"Local communities are being treated as enemies of the forests and they are being alienated from their livelihood. There are dubious agendas behind each tiger reserve proposal. The tiger population thrived in many parts before the reserves came up and local communities were exercising their forest rights,'' pointed out V T Selvaraj, a rights' activist from Gudalur.We also strongly feel that it is necessary to collectively question the rationale behind carving out Protected Areas and the politics of the so-called conservation groups behind this,'' the declaration said. It will soon be submitted to the central and state governments.Studies conducted by voluntary organisations AIFFM and EQUATIONS in Nagerhole, Bandipur and Mudmalai tiger reserves and the proposed tiger reserve in Wayanad have confirmed that the tiger reserves are causing imbalance to the lives of tribals and other aborigines, the declaration said. Forest rights committees from tribal villages Kerehaadi,Maladahaadi, Nagarholehaadi, Bommadu, Avregunda, Basavanahalli, Muguvinahalli haadi, Muguvinahalli, Ananjigundi, Guddekeri, Hadinakanive, Haggadahalla, Kaniyanapura Colony and BalleBudakatta Krishikara Sangha took part in the deliberations. The meeting was held with the support of National Adivasi Alliance, National Adivasi Andolan, All India Forum of Forest Movements and Campaign for Survival and Dignity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17749119", "title": "Kadva Patels make efforts to check skewed sex ratio", "text": "Palanpur: Concerned over the skewed sex ratio among their community, Kadva Patidar Samaj in Becharaji area of Mehsana district has come forward with a new initiative to check female foeticide.The Samaj has started felicitating the parents of girl child besides giving away savings certificates worth Rs 1,000 each in the name of the child for a duration of five years.Harshad Patel, president of the samaj, said, \"We felicitated nine couples who had a girl child during this year along with two couples who have had two girls and no boys during the last five years. The same tradition will continue in the following years. We give a citation depicting the parents and the child along with a shawl.\"Referring to the savings certificate, he said that the parents are at liberty to get these certificates renewed after the initial period of five years. Patel said that the gender ratio in north Gujarat is highly skewed. In some regions it is as low as 875 girls per 1,000 males. This has led to a large number of men either remaining unmarried or seeking a life partner outside their caste which has led to their being looked down upon within the community.\"It is to check this trend that we have decided to encourage the celebration of the birth of a girl child. We plan to continue with this practice till the sex ratio becomes positive or is ideal.\"Welcoming the step, social activist working for the cause of girl child Rashmi Hada said, \"It is an appropriate step by the Samaj. By saving the girl child we save ourselves from ensuing obliteration.\"Hada had set an example by weighing her own new born girl with coins of various denominations. She has also started the practice of getting abandoned girl children insured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17750084", "title": "INS Ranjit are regatta champs", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Eastern Fleet Whaler Pulling Regatta was held at the naval base here on Monday.Pulling regatta is an annual event that involves keenly contested 'whaler' boat races. The Eastern Naval Command's flag officer commanding-in-chief Vice Admiral Anil Chopra gave away prizes to the winners of the race.INS Ranjit emerged as the best team overall and won the coveted Cock Trophy. This ship will be referred to as the Cock Ship till the next regatta. A 'whaler' is a 27-foot boat that is rowed by five able bodied men called 'pullers' using 17-feet long oars and steered by a Coxswain. A total of 12 teams competed across four categories for best whaler, officers, senior sailors and junior sailors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751490", "title": "New fly-over at Gaddi Adda, Kanadia Road", "text": "INDORE: Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will construct a fly-over at Gaddi Adda and Kanadia Road at Bengali Square, a proposal in this regard was passed by the council of IMC on Monday. Council also passed 29 other proposals regarding revising of advertisement rate, maintenance rate and several developmental works.Most of the proposals were passed with consensus, while only one proposal regarding tender for first floor of a commercial complex of IMC at Nawlakha Crossing was sent to Mayor-in-Council (MiC) for revision.Congress corporators pointed that lease of 35 months for use of basement of commercial complex at Nawlakha has already expired and instead of taking back the place from the occupants IMC is going to give them first floor as well. Revenue in-charge Chandu Shinde accepted the argument and agreed to send back the proposal to MiC for revision.Earlier, Congress MLA Ashwin Joshi opposed the construction of fly over at Gaddi Adda saying that project will displace large number of people. \"Fly-over should be made for benefit of people and people should not be displaced from there house for fly-over,\" said Joshi adding that if said fly-over is constructed then the civic body will have to spent Rs 16 crores on compensation.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said the civic body has sent two designs for fly-over at Gaddi Adda for approval of state government and the design has been taken keeping in mind the displacement of people. \"Minimum people will be displaced from their place for fly-over,\" Moghe said.Explaining about the project Moghe said initial estimates suggest that it will cost around Rs 22 to 28 crores and will be completed in two and half year. Around 15% of the cost of project will be borne by the IMC while remaining amount will be given by state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750384", "title": "'Lumpen elements hijacked protests'", "text": "NEW DELHI: City police commissioner on Monday said the anti-rape protests on Saturday and Sunday were hijacked by \"lumpen\" elements.\"The act of rape was very barbaric and the reaction of members of public was only natural. Unfortunately, the demonstrations, both on Saturday and Sunday, were hijacked by anti-social elements and they tried to break the barrier. On Sunday, they damaged several DTC buses, uprooted wooden poles being erected for Republic Day and attacked policemen,\" he said.When told that many innocent protesters were also targeted, he asked, \"Is it possible to segregate genuine protesters from hooligans in such situations? There was a sizeable number of unruly elements among the protesters and it was not humanely possible to segregate them from genuine protesters. We will identify them and arrest them.\"Asked about the people's right to protest, a defiant police commissioner said, \"People do have the right to protest, but they cannot protest in an area where section 144 is imposed. They cannot protest in an area where preparation is going on for January 26 celebrations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749640", "title": "Cold wave grips north, death toll touches 11", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cold wave was relentless in most parts of north India on Monday, claiming six more lives and taking the death toll in the past three days to 11. As predicted by the met department, temperatures remained low and residents of New Delhi, who went to bed on a fog-enveloped Sunday night, woke up to a foggy morning and a cloudy sky.UP has been the worst-hit, with the total number of deaths due to cold touching 10 in three days. Two people lost their lives in Bahraich district while one each was killed in Gonda, Kannauj and Farrukhabad since Sunday. The maximum temperature was below normal by 5-13 degree Celsius in parts of the state, the met department said. Lucknow recorded its coldest day of the past one year on Sunday when maximum temperature dropped to 11.6 degrees Celsius, 11 degrees below normal.There was some relief on Monday due to sunshine in the afternoon. Earlier three people, including a woman, had died in Ballia district, one death each was reported from Maharajganj and Barabanki districts.In Jammu, a beggar died due to cold conditions in Samba district. In New Delhi a blanket of fog reduced visibility, while the minimum temperature was recorded at 7.7 degrees C, Met department said, forecasting a foggy morning for Tuesday.Dense fog affected air and rail traffic in Rajasthan, with the maximum impact being felt in Jaipur. Two Jaipur-bound flights were diverted and at least six early morning trains arrived late at Jaipur railway station. Mount Abu and Churu were the coldest areas recording a minimum temperature of 3.8 and 5.1 degree Celsius respectively. Uttarakhand's hill districts bucked the trend, basking in sunshine.Met director Anand Sharma described weather conditions as pleasant for tourists coming to Mussoorie, Nainital, Mukteshwar, and Ranikhet to celebrate the New Year. Sachin Tendulkar came to Mussoorie with his family on Sunday. Despite clear skies, there is no respite from the bone-chilling cold across the plains of Punjab and Haryana. An aged person was found dead under a bus shelter near Red Cross office in Bhiwani town of Haryana. Extreme cold conditions also resulted in the death of a migrant labourer in Reckong Peo town of Kinnaur district in Himachal few days back. Budhnath belonged to Ghumla district of Jharkhand and was working as a labourer in Reckong Peo.In Himachal, the minimum temperature at high altitude areas is hovering between -1 to -10 degrees Celsius. Keylong town of Lahaul-Spiti district in HP is the coldest place in the state with minimum temperature hitting below -8 degrees Celsius. With 'white Christmas' giving yet another miss to tourist towns of Himachal, the New Year eve is expected to get some snow as Shimla Met department has predicted change in weather conditions after December 26 with rain and snow predicted.Bihar was also hit by a cold wave and thick fog, disrupting rail and air services. A number of trains, including the Delhi-Patna Rajdhani Express, were late by several hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753363", "title": "Simple walks the ramp after five years!", "text": "Simple Kaul is getting accolades as Gulabo, the first wife of Jethalal in Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah.The actress hails from Kashmir and keeps the audiences glued to the TV with her comic antics. She recently walked the ramp for designer Sakina who is actor Ali Hassan's sister. Simple was the showstopper. She says, \"The collection I was wearing was called 'The return of the King' and I had become the queen and Ali Hassan was the king. It was an interesting event as there is no substitute of thrill of walking live in front of audience. It was not easy for me to adjust with my hectic shooting schedule. But I am always a sport for creative things. Walking the ramp was a cake walk and the audiences' reactions were good.\" On asking about the feedback for the role in Taarak she says, \"People are loving it. Comedy comes naturally to me and the atmosphere on a comedy show is always full of laughter unlike typical soaps which I love.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749651", "title": "India worried as Afghanistan, US look towards Pak for solution", "text": "NEW DELHI: Afghanistan is taking another shot at a reconciliation drive with the Taliban. Once again, Kabul wants to \"collaborate\" with Pakistan, which has given safe haven to top leaders of the Taliban. A new Afghan \"roadmap\" to 2015 envisages that the Taliban and Hizb-e-Islami would become political parties by then and would participate in government in Kabul. Pakistan is an integral part of this process.While India has refrained from comment officially, there is much consternation within the government. With the US rushing for the exits in Afghanistan by 2014, India believes Washington will again be tempted to \"incentivize\" Pakistan with additional infusion of funds. Sources said India will continue to insist on maintaining the \"red lines' agreed for the reconciliation, i.e. a renunciation of al-Qaida , acceptance of the Afghan constitution etc.Fundamentally, India disagrees with the renewed breathless expectation that the Taliban could ever become a regular political party. \"They will overwhelm the government with their extreme ideology,\" Indian officials said under condition of anonymity. \"We have travelled down this road before, and it never leads to a happy place,\" they added gloomily.The roadmap says the first phase would be to secure support for the peace process, \"with a focus on securing the collaboration of Pakistan\". Salahuddin Rabbani, chief of Afghanistan's High Peace Council (whose father and predecessor Burhanuddin Rabbani was assassinated by a Pakistan-supported Taliban suicide bomber), travelled to Pakistan in November to canvas support for his plan.Even though Pakistan agreed to release several Afghan Taliban leaders, Afghan President Hamid Karzai told TOI that he had become more \"conciliatory\" with Pakistan, because \"terrorism and extremism is now causing Pakistan more danger than Afghanistan or India\".The second phase of the roadmap, slated for early 2013, asks \"Pakistan to facilitate direct contact\" between Afghanistan and Taliban leaders; while the US, Pakistan, Afghanistan and Saudi Arabia work on terms for peace talks. Saudi Arabia will be the venue for the talks, it said. Pakistan will also be expected to give safe passage to Taliban leaders to travel to the talks.Indian officials said the concern here was that Pakistan would likely demand a reduction of India's presence in Afghanistan in exchange.The third phase, beginning in the second half of 2013, will focus on the start of the peace talks themselves. This could end with giving the Taliban space in the forthcoming government by allowing them to participate in the next elections.Analysts say there are already some parties in Afghanistan's political structure with a Taliban background, implying others could come down the same route. The fact is, the holdout Taliban leaders are not in Afghan government because they have a very different future in mind.By the first half of 2014, the High Peace Council expects to have a peace agreement signed. This will roughly coincide with the withdrawal of US troops from Afghanistan and the next elections.If successful, it will allow the US to declare victory and get out of Afghanistan. For this to happen, the US will have to walk back from the confrontational relationship with Islamabad and be much more accommodating. Last week, the US released almost $700 million in military funds, with a promise of more.Talking to TOI, Shuja Nawaz of the Atlantic Council said, \"It is to be hoped that ties between Islamabad and Washington improve, because it is in the best interests of all concerned, specially Afghanistan.\"Reuters quoted a Pakistani military official as saying, \"Pakistan has the power to create the environment in which a grand reconciliation in Afghanistan can take place... We have to rise to the challenge. And we are doing it, at the highest level possible.\"By 2015, the HPC roadmap expects the Taliban to be a part of the political structure, Pakistan and Afghanistan working together to battle Al Qaeda and bring back Taliban to Afghanistan. The international community is expected to continue to support them with the funding commitments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17749190", "title": "Bumper prizes for quiz winners", "text": "RANCHI: It was a day of great excitement for young participants of IQ Logic Quiz organized by The Times of India and IQ Logic on Saturday.The participants with all correct answers in group A were Yash Saraf and Siddhant Ranjan from St. Xavier's School, Ranchi. In group B, the winners were Shahbaz Hasan Raza , Shreyansh Shrey, Abhas Amol, Romit Rana, Abhijit Saurabh and Aditya Kumar Singh. While Aditya Kumar Singh won a laptop and Shreyansh Shrey and Abhas Anmol won a playstation portable (PSP) games each.The IQ Logic team awarded prizes to school toppers in each group. The other prizes for the winners included buffet lunch food coupon for parents of the winning child. Chhota Bheem, another sponsor to the event, gave gift coupons to several winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17751330", "title": "Cow sanctuary to be made a pilgrimage centre", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Monday said that world's unique cow sanctuary will be made a cow pilgrimage centre. He also announced to set up a Cow Products Research Centre in the sanctuary. He said that a religious tourism circuit will be developed by interlinking Maa Bagulamukhi Mandir at Nalkhera, Pipalya Balaji Mandir at Soyat, Baijnath Mahadev Mandir at Agar and the cow sanctuary.Chouhan was addressing foundation laying ceremony of country's first cow sanctuary at village Salriya in Shajapur district. The chief minister said that India's agriculture-based economy cannot run without cow. He said that cow-products will be produced in this unique cow-sanctuary in the world.Referring to the state government's initiatives for conserving bovine animals, he said that any vehicle transporting bovine animals for slaughter will be confiscated and the guilty will be sent to jail for 7 years.The chief minister said that now no new liquor shops will be opened anywhere in the state. He urged people and cow breeders not to sell old cows and instead, send them to Gaushala. This work will become easier after establishment of cow sanctuary.Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh's sarsanghchalak Dr Mohan Bhagwat said that cow should be given space in each household. He said that Madhya Pradesh government has done the work of imparting Indian values and traditions to young generation. He said that the government has discharged its duty. Now, the citizens will have to take a pledge for discharging their responsibilities toward 'gau mata'.In his welcome address, animal husbandry minister Ajay Vishnoi informed about objectives of gau palak puraskar. He informed that the number of gau palak awards has been increased to 1500 with a view to promoting breeding of cows of indigenous species.On audience's insistence, the chief minister sang bhajan \"Ram Bhajan Sukhdai\". He released a book containing articles on cow's cultural and economic importance. Biotechnology minister Kailash Vijaywargiya sang devotional songs on cow and Lord Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17750597", "title": "Harassed victims push cops out of inaction", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In as many as seven incidents of sexual harassment over the past one year, it was only on the intervention of victims' families and public protests that harsher sections were eventually added by the police and suspects asked to re-join the probe. The indifference of the police also resulted in girls getting harassed even after making a formal complaint with the cops. In some cases, family members had to mobilize people to launch an agitation against the local police station to get heard.Harish Kohali, father of a college student Komal, who was thrashed by three miscreants publicly , told TOI, \"For a week after the attack, we were completely misguided by Chandigarh police about the appropriate charges to be made against such an incident. The actual charges were only levelled when we held four protests and met area SHO and SSP, Chandigarh.\" Komal became a victim of sexual assault on September 19 but the appropriate charges of threatening and kidnapping bid were added in FIR by the police only on September 23. Admitting that it had goofed up, the police suspended the investigating officer SI Jagdish Chander on October 9.Another case of sexual harassment of a college student in Manimajra brought to light the apathy of the police as the case was not taken seriously by the area policemen till the accused, encouraged by the inaction, brought along his friends as well and teased her again near her house after five days of the first incident. It took a protest outside the Manimajra police station to jolt the cops out of their slumber.'Complaint feedback introduced'In as many as seven incidents of sexual harassment over the past one year, it was only on the intervention of victims' families and public protests that harsher sections were eventually added by the police and suspects asked to re-join the probe.Gauging the anguish of victim's kin, police authorities had suspended two cops including probe officer ASI Devinder Kumar. Advocate Deepa Ashgeer Dube said, \"It is well-known that policemen always try to avoid lodging cases of sexual harassment. Cops always put pressure on victims not to register such cases as it causes humiliation for them in the society. This attitude of the cop prompts the miscreants to harass with audacity.\"In March, the staff at police station in Sector 34 did not entertain a complaint of sexual harassment by a girl staying in a paying guest (PG) accommodation in Sector 35. Worse, the matter remained pending for more than 20 days. Finally, when the case generated much heat, a cop was suspended for laxity.A senior police official said the system of taking feedback from anyone who makes a complaint to the police has been introduced to ensure that FIRs are registered, especialof sexual harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17750653", "title": "Night travel a nightmare for many women in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: The recent gangrape of a Delhi student in a private bus in the early hours of the night has thrown light on the lack of safety measures in place for women in the cities. In Mysore, some parts of the city lack public transport service. People, including women, depend on private vehicles to reach their places after work late in the evening. This include labourers, and vendors, mostly from areas like Shanthinagar, Udayagiri, Azeez Sait Nagar, Beedi colony, Rajivnagar, and Sathagalli located in the northeast of Mysore. They take private vehicles from KSRTC sub urban bus stand to reach their homes. Former mayor Ayub Khan , an elected representative from this part of Mysore, told TOI that people mainly labourers are forced to opt for private vehicles as there are no adequate bus facilities late in the evening. Most of them are employed in markets and shops and their work ends late. Due to lack of public transport service, both men and women board autorickshaws or four-wheelers on seat-sharing basis. There are instances that drivers cram passengers, where both men and women together, in small vehicles. It is unsafe for women to travel along with men, but they are left with no option as there is not enough facility during odd hours, he said. \"We approached KSRTC authorities seeking them to extend bus service on this route till 11.30 pm. But officials are reluctant because, according to them, they incur losses. Officials have claimed that they can't run buses for small number of passengers,\" he added. A traffic police officer admitted that people do travel in private vehicles from KSRTC suburban bus stand to Shanthi Nagar, Azeez Sait Nagar, Udayagiri and surrounding areas and it is inevitable for them. Advocate M N Sumana, who too felt the need to extend hours of public transport facility to facilitate working women, said: \"we can't be sure women will be safe if they travel in public vehicles. There are instances where women are harassed on trains and buses too. Along with providing facilities there is need to change the mindset of people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17751216", "title": "Residents will not be allowed on terraces having cellphone towers", "text": "MUMBAI: Terraces that will have new cellphone towers will be out of bounds for residents of those buildings as well as for outsiders, say the new Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC) draft policy. According to the draft policy, a warning board will be put up at the entry of the terrace, explaining the dangers of radiation from the cellphone towers.The BMC is finalizing a new policy in accordance with guidelines from the Union department of telecommunication on installation of cellphone towers. The policy is also being formulated following instructions from the high court. Concerns raised by residents are also being kept in mind while formulating the policy.Since the BMC has been in the process of revising the policy, more than 1,000 applications for new towers are pending. The BMC will not clear the new applications until the revised policy comes into effect.\"The draft will soon be tabled in front of the civic general body and then it will come into force. Until then, no new policy is being cleared,\" said a senior civic official. With residents saying that the guidelines framed by BMC do not take into account the existing cellphone towers, the civic body has written to the DoT seeking directions in cases that are in contradiction to the new policy.The new policy also specifies the safe distance between cellphone tower antennas and the surrounding residential buildings. For two antennas, the safe distance should be 35 m, for four antennas 45 m and for six it should be 55 m.Rajan Mathews, director general of Cellular Operators Association of India ( COAI), said that by sitting on so many proposals, BMC is denying citizens quality telecom service. \"BMC has framed this policy by misinterpreting the DoT guidelines and there are several mistakes in it,\" said Mathews.The policy also says that if 70 % occupants of a society do not want an already existing tower, BMC will not revalidate it after expiry of the approved period. The guidelines have included children homes to the list of buildings-schools , colleges and hospital buildings-where towers will not be allowed.BJP corporator Vinod Shelar, who played an important role in getting these new rules incorporated in the draft, said, \"With the number of towers increasing, it is BMC's duty to frame stringent norms keeping in mind the hazards of radiations.\" BMC has also increased the deposit from Rs 5000 to Rs 50,000 to be taken from operators before giving them permission to erect cellphone towers.The new draft policyConsent of 70% occupants of a housing society or a tenanted building will be needed to instal a tower A structural stability certificate will be required from a structural engineer who has a licence from the BMC In case a building is more than 30 years old, fresh structural certificate will be required after every five years No tower on school, college, hospital and children home buildings Operators' deposit increased from Rs 5,000 to Rs 50,000. Approvals to instal a tower will be given only for a year Can instal only 2 towers on a building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749344", "title": "Dengue, H1N1 claimed 47 lives in 2012", "text": "PUNE: Dengue, the mosquito-borne infection, hit the headlines this year as the virus affected over 1,000 people and claimed 12 lives in the city in 2012.Different surveys by the Union health ministry have laid bare the inadequacies in sensitising and educating people about dengue fever and the ways of tackling breeding of aedes mosquito, which survives in clean water. The authenticity of spot/rapid kit test also came under scanner as a survey carried out by the PMC found that in 39% cases the spot tests gave false results.The PMC's initiative to collate data from private hospitals was one of the reasons that more dengue cases were reported this year. Roping in private hospitals in its (PMC's) reporting system for all kinds of communicable and non-communicable diseases has been the civic body's major achievements in 2012. It is helping officials understand the city's exact disease burden which was earlier assessed only on the basis of public healthcare system (cases reported at PMC-run and state-run Sassoon hospital).Besides, the city's battle against influenza A H1N1 virus aka swine flu, which began in August 2009 continued to spill over with the virus infecting around 500 people and claiming 35 lives since April this year. However, unlike last year, when the virus triggered much panic, increased awareness and availability of vaccines helped citizens tide over the fears. Delay on part of patients to seek treatment continues to be one of the biggest causes for more swine flu deaths even in 2012.Among non-communicable diseases, diabetes remains the biggest burdens. Every multispecialty hospital in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad registers an average 70 new cases of diabetes every month. A decrease in the age group of patients with Type II diabetes and an over 30% rise in new cases are the concerns for doctors, policymakers and healthcare providers.After the Union government made it mandatory for private doctors and hospitals to notify cases of tuberculosis to local government/ semi-government authorities, the PMC started collating all the TB cases. Multiple-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) cases were detected in Pune city after the referral laboratory opened in the Aundh chest hospital on February 10 this year. As a result, more cases of MDR-TB are coming on record which is now helping treatment.The save girl child movement, which picked up after the shaken state government started cracking down on sonography centres soon after the provisional figures of census 2011 came out, shows a 30-point dip in the child sex ratio from 913 in 2001 to 883 in 2011 - almost lost its steam in the second half of 2012. The cell formed at the civic body to make concerted focus on nabbing erring sonography clinics got disbanded and decentralised which according to activists was one of the reasons for low rate of inspection and raids resulting in low actions.Organ transplant is being vigorously carried out in many big cities, but it was, till recently, taking small steps in Pune. However, the city's first liver transplant which was carried out a 54-year-old man at Ruby Hall Clinic on October 1, made the first bold step forward towards this direction. The transplant could become possible after a family of a 62-year-old man from Satara took the decision to donate his liver, kidneys and corneas after he was declared brain-dead on September 30.The state government revived the Pune-based Zonal Transplant Coordination Centre (ZTCC) at KEM Hospital, which had been functioning without any government funds since 2004, decided to grant a monthly budgetary fund of Rs 60,000 to it from this year onwards. The move is expected to provide impetus to human organ transplantation, particularly cadaver donations, and improve the city's dismal cadaver donation count.The Times of India- IMRB Quality of Life survey released their report after carrying out a survey in eight mega cities including Pune. Hospitalisation facilities- the quality, affordability and value for money - put Pune second-last among the eight mega cities in the survey. The city may have the best of clinical and surgical expertise, but its citizens stand between a rock and a hard place - public healthcare is abysmal while private hospitals are out of the reach for a large section, the survey report says.The issue of early child marriages came as a jolt this year. The Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) survey revealed a high incidence of early marriages in the city in 2012. In all, 3,073 girls in the age group of 15 to 19 years were found to have consummated their marriage and half of them had also become mothers this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748596", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Pranab lauds Nirbhaya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s courage", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing empathy with the public outcry against the Delhi gang-rape, President Pranab Mukherjee on Monday praised the courage and tenacity of the young girl who was subjected to the brutal attack.In his greetings to the people on Christmas eve, Mukherjee said, \"We mark Christmas at a time when the nation is joined in anguish and distress over the recent horrific attack on a young girl in New Delhi. I laud the courage and tenacity of this young lady and her family. On this Christmas day, let us join in prayer for the full and speedy recovery of this strong and courageous girl.\"He also asked people to redouble efforts for the protection of women and their welfare. \"Let us strive to ensure that women feel safe and secure at all times in our country,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17751998", "title": "Delhi Police constable injured during anti-rape protests dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 47-year-old Delhi Police constable, who suffered serious injuries during violent protests at India Gate on Sunday, died on Tuesday after battling for life in a city hospital.Subhash Chand Tomar was on ventilator since his admission at Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital on Sunday evening.\"With deep regret, we have to inform you constable Subhash Chand Tomar succumbed to his injuries at 6:40AM today,\" Delhi Police Commissioner Neeraj Kumar said.Tomar, a graduate in arts, hailed from Meerut in Uttar Pradesh.He was posted in Karawal Nagar area and was called for maintaining law and order at India Gate area during the protests on Sunday over the gang-rape of a 23-year-old girl on December 16.Tomar, who joined the police in 1987, was found lying injured on Tilak Marg and was rushed to the hospital.As a mark of respect, the Delhi Police decided that all personnel will donate one day's salary to Tomar's family.Police had already arrested eight persons, including an activist of Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party, earlier and charged them with attempt to murder in connection with the injuries caused to Tomar.A senior police official said murder charges will be now added to the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17750787", "title": "Arch rivals India and Pakistan resume cricket rivalry with T20 slogfest", "text": "BANGALORE: When Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Mohd Hafeez walk out for the toss on Tuesday evening, it will mark a new beginning for India-Pakistan cricket. With bilateral relations having been snapped post 26/11/2008, this short series, which kicks off with the T20 at the Chinnaswamy Stadium on Christmas Day, will be the first between the sides since 2007, when Pakistan came visiting.A near full house will greet the two teams as they finally get down to cricket after months of diplomacy managed to bring them together in a non-ICC event. When it comes to on-field stuff between the two sides, whose players have normally tended to get along quite well, it is usually how the Indian batting fares against Pakistan's bowling that settles the contest.It doesn't look any different this time around even if Dhoni said at the pre-match conference on Monday that 'strength on paper' will not matter and it will be a simple case of which team plays better on the night. In an India-Pakistan match though, with all its attendant pressures, there can be a case of whichever team managing to play less worse, coming away with the right result.Yes, pressure will be the name of the game and no matter how much Hafeez may have stressed on the important of 'good cricket' and how a win or loss is secondary, both teams know that neither country digests a loss against the other too well.There are of course a host of talents in either team but talent can only take you so far. Still, with both sides being fairly young, past history may not have that of much of a bearing. For the hosts, however, recent form -- they were outclassed by England in home Tests and held to a draw in a T20 series -- may be a more worrisome factor.Dhoni did say that close finishes in T20 cricket, such as the one in Mumbai last Saturday, don't normally leave a team shattered, given the extremely short nature of the format and the shorter turnaround time between games.On the face of it, India's problems may seem to lie with the inexperienced bowling attack. In reality, though, it is the batsmen on whom the onus must be put.Hafeez termed India as one of the most powerful line-ups in the world, if not the best. That the Indian batsmen have shown themselves to be fallible against pace and spin recently make matters worse.Add the fact that they will be up against proven performers such as Umar Gul, Sohail Tanvir, Saeed Ajmal and Shahid Afridi and it may even be a relief that it is only a T20 match on Tuesday.India's saving grace could be Pakistan's batting, which tends to disintegrate in unprecedented fashion.Times View: Cricket is our passion, let us cherish itOn both sides of the border, there are people who want this Indo-Pak series to be scrapped. To these people we would say that avenues for friendly engagements between people from both countries are few enough without our seeking to narrow them down even further.No reasonable person can quarrel with the proposition that it is in everybody's interests if India and Pakistan can coexist peacefully.It must then follow that every chance of advancing the prospects of peace must be used. Cricket, like cinema and music, is something that the people of both countries are passionate about. Every time the two teams have met on the cricket field, the atmosphere has been great. Let us cherish it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17750622", "title": "Rs 1cr sales in Cuttack fair", "text": "CUTTACK: The nine-day Cuttack book fair, organized by National Book Trust in collaboration with Odisha book sellers' and publishers' association at Killa padia here, concluded on a high note on Sunday creating record in terms of sales and number of visitors. Despite chilly evenings, the fair drew over 1.5 lakh visitors and raked in a sales revenue of over Rs 1 crore, breaking all previous records.As many as 98 book sellers and publishers participated in the fair. \"Response of book-lovers this year was just overwhelming. We had not expected that the sales figure will cross Rs 1 crore mark. All the participants have earned good profit,\" said Bijayananda Singh, coordinator of the book fair. Encouraged by the sales figure, the organizers are planning to make the fair an annual event in Cuttack.\"We had organized the book fair here in 2008 and 2011 also, but the sales figures were not good. Even the turnout of visitors was not high. But this year has been a wonderful experience. We have plans to make the fair an annual event,\" added Singh. Classic novels, dictionaries, general knowledge books, competitive exam guides and other variety of books were in high demand in the fair. Among all, publishers of children's literature made the maximum profits.\"All our books on children's literature were sold like hot cakes in the fair,\" said Kartar Singh, a book-seller from Delhi. To make the denizens aware of the rich tribal culture of Odisha, the organisers had set up a special section showcasing books on tribes of Odisha. The section also attracted good number of buyers, informed one of the organisers. A host of literary activities were also organized during the fair with an aim to inculcate reading habit among kids and youth. Many literary personalities of the state participated in talks and encouraged the youth to read more and more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17749808", "title": "Protests continue, so do rapes", "text": "KOLKATA: Continuing protests in Delhi against the brutal rape of 23-year-old Nirbhaya in a bus may have forced the Centre to sit up and react, but it seems to have had little effect on perpetrators of the crime, at least in this part of the country.Since Friday, there have been at least five allegations of rape from various parts of Bengal, one of them from Kolkata. Apart from protest rallies in the city, the only effect that the incident seems to have had is an effort by women to arm themselves with cans of pepper spray.On Friday, less than a week after the incident in Delhi, a teenaged girl from near Bagdogra in north Bengal was allegedly raped by a man she knew. After raping her, the man allegedly set her on fire. She is still in hospital while Sankar Barui, the accused, is still at large.Two incidents were reported a day later. One of these occurred at Haridevpur in the southern fringes of Kolkata. A widow living on RN Tagore Road was allegedly raped by her neighbour. Bappa Sarkar, an auto-rickshaw driver, has been arrested in this connection.On Saturday itself, a 22-year-old homemaker from Maynaguri in north Bengal was allegedly abducted by a man named Swapan Roy. He allegedly raped the woman repeatedly till police raided his hideout on Monday and rescued the woman. Roy was arrested.On Sunday, a mentally-challenged girl from a village in Hooghly was raped by four picnickers. All of them have been arrested.On Monday, a girl aged around three years was found unconscious in a bush at Khowai village under Katwa police station in Burdwan district. Doctors suspect she was raped and dumped there. The girl, who is critical, is yet to be identified.Women in the city have probably realized by now that no amount of protests will help change the mindset of potential rapists and have started making a beeline for outlets stocking pepper spray. \"There was a demand for pepper spray in the city after the Park Street incident. Demand for the product has sky-rocketed after the Delhi rape. We are selling nearly double the number of cans that we used to do before the Delhi rape,\" said A Arora, who started marketing the product in Kolkata earlier this year.The police are, however, wasting no time in registering complaints or taking action against suspects, said Pallab Kanti Ghosh, joint commissioner of police (crime), Kolkata Police. \"In the Haridevpur case, we lodged a complaint very fast and arrested the suspect,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17751211", "title": "Development work should be planned", "text": "It's a casebook study of mismanagement. First, there's a problem, then you allow the problem to fester till it requires a quick-fix solution, which in turn leads to a bigger mess. The sewage issue on Avenue Road was aggravated after bureaucratic delay hindered repair work for a year. Now, without any prior notice to the traders, a portion of the road has been barricaded to undertake repair work. The authorities ought to have taken the traders into confidence, especially when their business is affected during festival season. Any development work is welcome so long as it goes with some planning and foresight by the civic administration.Related story: Traders fume as Avenue Road closed for repair", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17750598", "title": "CM for steps against sea erosion", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The state government on Monday announced to take steps to arrest the rapid sea erosion off Ganjam coast.\"A scientific study is on into reasons and remedial measures for sea erosion. The report is expected in April, 2013. The government will take steps to address the erosion problem after studying the report,\" said chief minister Naveen Patnaik at Gopalpur while inaugurating Gopalpur beach festival. The steps will be taken under the Integrated Coastal Zone Management Project (ICZMP), he said.Around 10,000 people, mainly fishermen of at least six villages, are under threat due to rapid erosion along Bay of Bengal coast. The most vulnerable villages are Katuru, Podampeta, Sana Arjeepalli, Bada Arjeepalli, Baxipalli and Nau Golabandh.The fishermen have been urging the government time and again to take steps to arrest the sea erosion. Besides, they have been demanding provision of alternative livelihood during ban on fishing for seven months from November 1 to May 31 due to mass nesting of Olive Ridleys near Rushikulya river mouth.The chief minister said around 200 women self-help groups (SHGs) have been set up in the area to provide alternative livelihood under the ICZMP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750450", "title": "HC rejects Jagan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s bail petition", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice B Seshasayana Reddy of the AP high court on Monday dismissed the second bail plea of YSR Congress chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy. \"Since the trial court has been extending Jagan's judicial remand under section 309 of CrPC (remand in respect of a case where chargesheet has been filed) after filing of the Vanpic chargesheet, it cannot be now said that he is entitled to a statutory bail which will be given in those cases where a chargesheet is not filed within the first 90 days of a person's arrest,\" the judge said. CBI did not seek extension of Jagan's judicial remand under section 167(2) of CrPC after August 14, 2012 after filing the Vanpic chargesheet. From then onwards, the trial court has been extending the judicial remand under 309 of CrPC on its own.The judge, however, rejected the CBI's claim that Jagan was arrested in Vanpic case and that it wanted to keep it a closely-guarded secret on whether or not it would seek his arrest at the time of filing the final chargesheet in respect of seven pending issues. The CBI arrested him in respect of the entire assets case and the remand report submitted by it at the time of the arrest contained the details of all the cases and not just Vanpic alone, the judge said. Referring to Justice Chandra Kumar's judgment earlier which too said that the arrest was done in respect of all the charges in the FIR, Justice Seshasayana Reddy said that even CBI's petition seeking extension of Jagan's police custody had details of all the cases and not just Vanpic alone.Jagan was arrested in the disproportionate assets case on May 27, 2012 after an FIR was registered by CBI on August 17, 2011 following an order of the high court. CBI has filed four chargesheets so far and is going to file the fifth and final one soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17751302", "title": "China officials fear anti-graft drive, dump properties", "text": "BEIJING: As China stepped up anti-corruption drive, a number of government officials who owned several properties have started disposing them off, creating a glut in the market, media reports here said on Monday.Real estate agents in provinces such as Guangdong and Jiangsu have been frantically trying to push deals of second-hand flats, many of which belong to government officials, South China Morning Post said. Nervous Chinese officials - some of whom own multiple properties - are swiftly dumping assets through private channels .Property agents have reported receiving mass produced text messages such as \"Eight sets of hard-to-find flats, owner selling all at once\". The massive sale has sparked concerns that oversupply could lead to a decline in home prices in the secondary market. However, Chinese real estate mogul Huang Nubo, of the Zhongkun Investment Group, pointed out that the government's anti-corruption policies could actually be more effective in stabilizing the property bubble.Outgoing President Hu Jintao last month warned that the Communist Party's hold on the government as well as China itself in danger of collapsing under the weight of corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749164", "title": "Western Railway sets aside special tatkal ticket booking counters", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway has set aside exclusive counters for passengers who want to book tickets under the tatkal quota through the Passenger Reservation System (PRS). Agents or representatives of those who will undertake the journey will not be allowed to stand in the queues at these self tatkal ticket counters.The counters will remain open from 10am to 10.30am every day. The decision to set up these exclusive counters was taken to ensure that genuine passengers can book seats under the tatkal scheme. Tatkal seat bookings open at 10am every day.Western Railway general manager Mahesh Kumar said, \"Only those who will undertake the journey can stand at the counters to get a ticket. In case more than one ticket is needed, one of the passengers will have to stand in the queue and names of the others will have to be written in the requisition slip.\"At present, 56 booking offices counters have self tatkal ticket counters, of which 43 are on the Churchgate-Virar section.wish to travel canAt these counters only those person who wish to undertake journey alone or along with co-passengers, whose name feature in the requisition slip, will be allowed to stand on the queue.\"At present 56 such counters have been earmarked as Self Tatkal Ticket Counters, of which 43 counters are on Churchgate-Virar section.\"I have personally inspected the counters at many booking offices and people seemed to be pleased with the facility. Over the last three days, 4,305 tickets were booked through the self tatkal ticket counters,\" said Kumar.He said, \"I personally inspected the counters at many of the booking offices and people appeared satisfied with the facility. In the past three days, as many as 4,305 tickets were booked through Self Tatkal Ticket counters.'For women passengers, self ladies tatkal ticket counters have been set up at Churchgate, Mumbai Central, Andheri, Borivli and Surat. At these counters, only women can book tickets for themselves. A woman can book more than one ticket at the counters provided she is one of the passengers.Moreover, One additional Ladies counter is also provided as 'Self Ladies Tatkal Counters' each at Churchgate, Mumbai Central, Andheri, Borivali and Surat where only ladies can book Tatkal tickets for self or where she is one of the passengers.Kumar said, \"Commuters wanting to book tickets for themselves at these counters will have to carry a self-attested copy of their identity proof along with the original ID.Mahesh Kumar said, \"Separate queues will be maintained for persons desirous of booking tatkal tickets for self from these Self Tatkal Ticket Counters. The persons desirous of booking tickets for himself at these counters will have to carry self attested copy of ID proof along with original ID.Those who want to book tatkal tickets for others and not themselves can do so at other counters, Kumar clarified. \"They too will have to carry their original ID proof and that of the person travelling. A self-attested copy of the commuter's ID proof will also be required,\" he said.He further clarified that those wanting to book tickets for others can use other counters, which are not earmarked as Self Tatkal Ticket Counters. They too will have to carry their own original ID proof and original ID of the person travelling along with self attested copy of the same.WR is also planning to introduce credit card booking facility at more counters. Kumar said, \"Those carrying credit cards at booking counters are self travellers. Hence, it would be ideal to have more counters with credit card facility. We will approach banks to set up more credit card reading machines.\"WR is also planning to introduce credit card booking facility at more counters. Mahesh Kumar said, 'Those carrying credit cards at booking counters are self travelers. Hence, it would ideal to have more counters with credit card facility. We will approach the bank to set-up more such credit card reading machines.\"WR also plans to instal passenger-operated enquiry kiosk at PRS centres. He said, \"People can check the ticket availability status at these kiosks before submitting their forms at the PRS counters. We have also decided to instal television displays that will show ticket availability status for the next 30 days.\"WR also plans to install passenger operated enquiry kiosk at PRS centres. He said, \"People can check the ticket availability position at these kiosks before submitting their forms at the PRS counter. We have also decided to install television displays that will provided ticket availability position for the next 30 days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749732", "title": "Special courts to deal with offences against children soon", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government is likely to set up special courts soon for the trial of offences of sexual assault and sexual harassment on children as the home department has written to the high court for its consent for special courts.\"As soon as the high court gives its nod for special courts, the notification for the special courts will be issued,\" said an official of department of women and child development.\"Once the notification is issued, a sessions court in each district would be designated as special court,\" he added.The Centre had directed the state government to set up special courts for trial in cases involving sexual offences against children under Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, 2012, which has been passed by the Parliament recently.The official said that the Act has been implemented in Rajasthan like in any other state.The law has been prepared with the aim to protect children from sexual abuse by strengthening legal provisions. To cover sexual offences there are different sections in IPC at present though it does not differentiate between a child and an adult victim. The new law would cover sexual offences against children.The new Act advocates harsher punishment against those who commits the crime. Punishment for penetrative sexual assault is not less than seven years which may extend to imprisonment for life, and fine. For aggravated penetrative sexual assault, the punishment will not be less than ten years which may extend to imprisonment for life and fine.The Act says that the special court shall complete the trial as far as possible within a period of one year from the date of taking cognizance of the offence. Also, it says, the evidence of the child shall be recorded within a period of 30 days of the special court taking cognizance of the offence. Any delay shall be recorded by the special court, says the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17751111", "title": "Two students among five suicides", "text": "NAGPUR: Five persons, including two students, ended their lives in separate incidents on Sunday. No suicide note was found in all the cases.Vishalakshmi Gehlod (17), a Std X student, was hanged herself at her residence at Kamgar Nagar on Sunday afternoon. Police said that according to her parents, Gehlod was depressed about her project work which was to be completed within a few days. Family members said that she was a bit worried for her project. \"But she never appeared broken. Her suicide has left a question mark,\" said a relative.Vishalakshmi father Ashok, who works at the employment office at Chandrapur, said that around 5pm, he and his wife left for a wedding at Sitabuldi while the daughter decided to stay at home. Around 8pm, her uncle Rajkumar Gehlod went to her home but did not get response after repeated knockings. At the same time, neighbours alerted Nandanvan police who then broke open the door and found Vishalakshmi hanging.Vishalakshmi was the younger daughter among two. The elder one got married just a year ago. After confirmation of death from the doctor at Government Medical College and Hospital, Gahlodh's body was shifted for autopsy.A case of an accidental death has been registered.In another case, Bhushan Bramhankar, only son of his labourer parents, hanged himself at his Shesh Nagar residence on Sunday morning. Bramhankar was working as an electrician and was also pursuing his Std XI studies from a night college.In another incident, 32-year-old Deepak Matere hanged himself at his residence on Hudkeshwar main road. In both the cases, Hudkeshwar police are clueless about the reasons.In the fourth incident, another youth, Pratik Wasnik (22) committed suicide by hanging himself at his Palkar Nagar residence in Wadi police station area. Wasnik worked as a painter. Police said his parents had no idea what led Wasnik to end his life.Rinku Ninawe, a 21-year-old youth who was employed with a private firm, committed suicide by hanging himself on Monday morning. Ninawe, youngest of three siblings, was found hanged to the ceiling hook at his Kamakshi Nagar residence in Nandanvan. In a suicide note, Ninawe said that he was facing a major problem which he couldn't mention. He added that he had no complaints from his family.Ninawe's parents had been to Pune from last few days. He took the extreme step when his elder brother left home for office and his two sisters had gone to college. Nandanvan police registered a case of an accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17751256", "title": "Release of CD 'Kallokhak bhiye-nakai'", "text": "A Konkani audio CD 'Kallokhak Bhiye-Nakai' will be released in California, USA, on December 25 and in Goa on December 26. The 14-song album is produced by Savio Rodrigues and William Rodrigues from St Estevam.The singers include Sonia Shirsat, Irene Cardozo, Edcy Ferrao e Lobo, Luanna Fernandes, Janice Menezes, Joylita Silveira, Tomazinho Cardozo, Volley D'Mello, Seby de Divar, Domnic de Tiracol, Avers Pereira, Roger Fernandes, Johnny de Tuem, Agnelo Dias, A Miranda, Fr Eusico Pereira, William and Savio. The music director is maestro Agnelo Dias, while the music is arranged by Roque Lazarus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750623", "title": "60 per cent of rape victims below 30", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As the nationwide protest erupts against the brutal gang rape of a medical student in Delhi, back home in Gujarat we report more than a rape daily. While the number of rapes has remained the same - above 400 every year - the past years have also seen high numbers of molestation and eve-teasing cases.According to National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) publication, Crimes In India 2011, Gujarat police registered 439 cases of rape out of which 263 had victims in the age group of 18 to 30 years. The last year also saw 685 cases where women complained of molestation and 93 cases of eve-teasing. The report also highlighted the fact that most of the rape cases came from smaller towns and villages compared to four major cities that registered 26 per cent of total cases.\"2012 saw some of the heinous crimes against women in Ahmedabad and periphery. Rape has been used as an instrument of punishment earlier this year when father of a girl raped mother of a boy that dared to elope with the girl in act of revenge. In another case, an exotic dancer brought for a show was taken to home by an NRG where she was raped by the NRG and his friend. Similarly, age or physical condition is no bar as a 14-year-old handicap girl was raped by two teens in Gomtipur,\" said a senior city police official.Be sensitive, DGP tells copsAfter police became punching bag nationwide for their slack attitude towards offences against women, the state police have started firefighting exercise by asking the cops to be sensitive about the women complainants.Chittranjan Singh, state director general of police, told TOI that he has written letters to all the superintendents of police and police commissioners in the state asking them to take the complaints related to sexual offences immediately and take its investigation on priority. \"It is not just about rape but every crime against women about which we are concerned. We have asked the police officials to be sensitive about the case and not to side with the accused. We have recently suspended a police sub-inspector when he converted a case of rape into molestation. Moreover, patrol on important roads will also be increased in city areas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17751097", "title": "Online predators indulge in character assassination", "text": "NAGPUR: As the world around us starts getting connected online, it brings right to our desktop those dangers that usually lurk on our city's busy roads and deserted by-lanes. Social networking sites nowadays have become the new 'Coffee House' where people hang out for hours and share almost every aspect of their lives. New acquaintances are made online by the minute and some turn into friendship. But with every 'friend request' online, comes the threat of the unknown.Mahendra Limaye is a city-based lawyer who specializes in cyber crime and has assisted police in various cases. \"The biggest mistake girls make on social networking sites is that they do not apply rules of real world. Before you become friends with anyone in the real world you will have some reference point, but in the virtual world almost every friend request is accepted. This opens the door for possible abuse,\" he said.Some online profiles of girls publicly display their e-mail ID and mobile number that can be misused by perpetrators. \"In many cases, the accused comes up with the excuse that it was the girl who accepted the friend request and gave them the access to all details. They blatantly point out that girls should not accept requests if they are not comfortable talking to strangers,\" said Limaye.Sheetal Jham (name changed) is a teacher at a well known CBSE school and says students often use social networking sites as mud slinging fests. \"We had an incident where one boy posted a fake profile of a classmate. This was a result of their enmity and it became a big controversy at school. Then there are times when two kids will start arguing on a particular topic and soon it turns ugly. The topic of the debate is left aside as their comments turn personal, and the first one to complain is labelled as victim even though she may have started it,\" said Jham.While harassment can be done via phone and e-mail, some perpetrators choose social networking sites because the \"damage\" is bigger. Sometimes perpetrators tread the fine line between crime and practical joke but still manage to defile their target, without themselves getting in any legal trouble.Rekha Munje (name changed) is an undergraduate student whose best friend became a victim of online character assassination. \"After she rejected a classmate's proposal, the perpetrator posted her picture online and tagged all of us. The picture was basically taken during our class picnic and my friend was casually posing with three male friends. The perpetrator commented on the photo saying 'boys are better than girls', and my friend turned into a laughing stock,\" said Munje. The picture was genuine and the comment may sound harmless but since it implied that the girl was promiscuous, it created problems.Limaye advises that women must take utmost precaution on what part of their life they showcase online. \"Care has to be taken since anyone with bad intentions can misuse it. Social networking sites are just like the real world but with faceless interaction, hence precaution has to be taken,\" said Limaye.STAYING SAFE ONLINE* Never list your phone number on social networking sites* Tweak your online privacy settings so that your photos are viewed only by those whom you allow* Too personal or intimate photos should not be uploaded online as they can be misused* Approach the police if you are being harassed or are offended by anyone through phone calls or online* Never accept friend requests from total strangers. Even with those you might know, exercise your judgment.LEGAL PROVISIONS* Technology based crimes are covered under special act known as Information Technology Act.* The crimes which makes use of computers/mobiles/Internet or information technology where electronic data interchange happens are termed as cyber crimes.* The distinguishing features between traditional crimes under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and cyber crimes can be classified under various factors like tools used for committing crimes, methods of accessing the target, loss caused to the victim, damage to government property, damage to general morality standards and so on.* If found guilty, perpetrators of cyber crime can face jail.EXPERTSPEAKOnline world offers anonymity to perpetrators and they mask their real motives behind the virtual world's mask. For the online perverts it is all about control and power over the victim. They get pleasure in harassing victims and seeing them suffer. Women should be cautious while accepting friend requests from anyone they don't know directly.Dr Kausar Abassi | psychiatristNagpur: The protest against the gang rape in Delhi continued even on Monday. Though being a working day, two major rallies were taken out in the city to condemn the brutal crime with an even stronger demand for awarding death penalty to the convicts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17748497", "title": "'Brand Sachin' may take a hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sachin Tendulkar's decision to retire from ODIs may force corporates do a bit of rethink regarding the cricketer's endorsements. Industry experts say brands are likely to revisit their endorsement deals. From the current Rs 5 to Rs 6 crore that he charges annually, advertisers say it is likely to slide by over 50% in the next few years.\"Sachin is not bigger than the game itself and now that the decision has been announced, he will definitely not command as much prominence as he did before. There will be a big shift in the kind of brands that will want to leverage his positioning now,\" said Bunty Sajdeh, CEO, Cornerstone Sport and Entertainment, a celebrity management agency.World Sport Group, the agency that manages the cricketer's endorsements, dismissed these claims. \"He has done enough as a cricketer to be a legend of the game. It is not the case of a young cricketer trying to establish his brand,\" said Harish Krishnamachar, senior vice president, World Sport Group (India).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "17751235", "title": "Rs 3,093 cr on power transmission upgrade", "text": "JIND: The Haryana government will set up 187 new substations and augment capacity of 163 existing substations during next three years at a cost of Rs 3,093 crore as part of its exercise to strengthen power transmission and distribution system.Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , who laid the foundation stone of a 33 KV substation at Sindhvi Khera here on Monday, said during about last seven and a half years, the government has constructed 321 new substations, augmented capacity of 552 old substations and erected lines of a length of 4615 kilometre in the state at a cost of Rs 4,044 crore.The total number of substations in the state has thus increased to 821, he said.Hooda said the government has a plan to strengthen power transmission and distribution system in district Jind at a cost of Rs 100 crore.Under this plan, the government will set up two new substations and augment capacity of six existing substations.The chief minister said this plan also includes setting up of 1,000 new distribution transformers. In addition, 250 old transformers will be replaced with the new transformers of higher capacity.The government will add about 400 kilometre long new power distribution lines to the dense distribution network and all overloaded and lengthier feeders of 11 KV level will be divided in feeders of proper load and length, he said.A statewide system strengthening campaign would be launched from January 1 for six months so that uninterrupted electricity is available to the consumers during the paddy season.Devender Singh, Chairman and Managing Director, Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam and Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam apprised the Chief Minister that commissioning of the 33 KV substation Sindhvi Khera will directly benefit 5,277 consumers of 12 villages by way of improved voltage and regular power supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17750959", "title": "Vidyadhar Kamat helps Nirlon clinch win", "text": "MUMBAI: Vidyadhar Kamat bowled 3.1 overs, conceded two runs and bagged five wickets, including a hat-trick, to wrap up Standard Chartered innings and help his team Nirlon win by nine wickets and enter the final of Times Shield D Division final on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17749796", "title": "Minorities welfare loses steam in state", "text": "KOLKATA: Time and again, chief minister Mamata Banerjee has expressed her support for the welfare of the minorities. But when it comes to delivery, her government has fallen short by a long margin even by her own standards set in the last fiscal.If the status paper published by the West Bengal Minorities Development and Finance Corporation on Monday is anything to go by, the number of beneficiaries has come down to less than half this year when it comes to disbursement of education loans. What's more, the state government is yet to launch stipends for students belonging to minorities for this financial year.The fact sheet falls short of Mamata's expectation though she has increased the state budget for minorities by 73% to Rs 570 crore.The chief minister blamed it all on the Centre for \"taking away state revenues on account of interest of loans taken during the Left regime\". Coming down heavily on the Centre that has \"turned into an usurer\", she said: \"We have been paying more from the state coffer in the form of interests. How will the government meet salary bills of teachers and government employees? There is no fund left for the welfare of the minorities.\"Mamata went a whole hog against the UPA II government, saying that the Centre was depriving Bengal for wrong reasons. \"We didn't take these loans. Then why are we bearing the burden. I have been urging them (Centre) to stop charging such high interests at least for some time and restructure the loans. I appeal to all - students, teachers and parents - to raise your voice. What will I do for 1 crore unemployed youths? We are trying to provide jobs to 10 lakh youth,\" she said while inaugurating the Milan Mela at Netaji Indoor Stadium on Monday.But the fund crunch didn't stop the CM from announcing a host of projects for the minorities, beginning with the 'Adhikar Prakalpa' - a project to construct dwelling units for the poorest of the poor by giving them Rs 45,000 each.From minorities welfare, Mamata digressed to industry and the land problem during the event. She clarified that her government won't withdraw land ceiling, putting to rest speculation of relaxing the ceiling for the industry after the government set up a ministerial committee under finance minister Amit Mitra to take stock of the problems.The CM also rubbished fears that the government policies were coming in the way of industry. \"Who says there is no industry?\" Mamata said while dishing out a list of new investments in the state. In a bid to substantiate her claim that Bengal wasn't lacking in the investment climate, Mamata called Rice Group chairman Samit Roy on the dais. \"The CPM has been saying many things. Let us hear it from Samit Roy, who is CPM leader Amitava Nandi's nephew,\" she handed over the mike to Roy, who, flanked by the CM, echoed that there was no problem in investing if people are sincere about their projects. \"Many projects are in the pipeline. We do not want to leave Bengal,\" the Rice Group chairman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17751159", "title": "Caste shadow over lovers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 suicide", "text": "MADURAI: In a tragic incident here, a boy and a girl hailing from two different intermediate castes in love committed suicide after their parents opposed the relationship. The incident happened in Alanganallur police limits in Madurai on Monday.A Premkumar, 19, from Othaveedu near Alanganallur was in love with 16-year-old M Vijayalakshmi, from Kumaram, a neighbouring village. The boy was working in a company in Madurai after completing a diploma and the girl was a Class 11 student in a school near Madurai. They reportedly met on the bus they travelled on daily to Madurai and fell in love. Recently, the parents came to know of their relationship and chided them. It was also said that the girl's family was planning to stop her studies and marry her off to someone in the community. Scared that they will be separated, they committed suicide on Monday by hanging from a tamarind tree near a tank adjacent to their villages. Alanganallur police registered a case in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17748534", "title": "India defeat Pakistan to enter Asian Champions Trophy final", "text": "DOHA: India on Monday entered the final of the Asian Champions Trophy after registering an emphatic win over arch-rival Pakistan.A confident India overcame the first half blues before defeating Pakistan 2-1 in the penultimate match of the Asian Champions Trophy. While Rupinder Pal Singh and Chenglansena scored goals for India, Pakistan's lone goal came from the stick of Waqas Md.It was India's fourth straight win. Earlier, it had beaten China (4-0), Japan (3-1) and Oman (11-0) in the league.After a barren first half, the game came alive soon after the lemon time.Youngster Danish Mujtafa sprinted past a host of rival defenders and entered the circle but was stick-checked by a Pakistani defender in front of the goal mouth, leading to Malaysian umpire Lingam Karuppusaky signal the only stroke of the match.Rupinder Pal Singh converted it for the first goal of the intensely fought match (1-0). Chenglensana then made use of a gem pass from Gurwinder Chandi to enhance the lead through field effort in the 51st minute (2-0).Pakistan replied through their third penalty corner. The Indian goalie stopped the shot, but Md Waqas collected the rebound which was shoulder high and tapped in (1-2). The Indians protested for high ball, but the umpires stood their ground.Shortly after Pakistan reduced the margin, India suffered on account of yellow card to vice-captain Raghunath but managed to hold on to the lead till the end.Pakistan did not give up, and even got a penalty corner at the hooter time, but Indian defence stood to their task.Indian upfront were found wanting on many occasions and they wasted all the four penalty corners they obtained.Pakistan held upper hand in the first quarter but individual game spoilt their show.India just created one chance in the first quarter when young Chinglensana hit from the left flank for a deflection in the circle. However, Pradhan Somanna applied the stick only to see the ball rise and sail high above the goal cage.Three minutes later, India attacked ferociously but in vain. Gurwinder Chandi received a long pass from defender VR Raghunath on the left flank. He dodged past two players and set up Nitin Thimmaiah who, however, failed to trap the ball near the backline.India got a chance to go up in the 27th minute, but poor penalty corner drill let India down. The ball could not be stopped properly, still Rupinder Pal took a shot but misdirected it.India's winger Sunil almost scored a goal on the run, but Rashid Mohd came in the nick of time to make a goal-line save.The game had to be stopped just before half time when Rupinder Pal's stick hit Shafqat Rasool and the Pakistani was seen writhing in pain on the turf.Early in the second half, Pakistan got two penalty corners. Defender Raghunath blocked the first one while Mohd. Irfan shot wide in the second.Mercurial forward Shakeel Abbasi missed a sitter in the 48th minute when he lost control inside the Indian circle even as he was all alone in his extremely delightful solo.He also let another chance go in the 62nd minute when Pakistan was trailing 1-2.Pakistan pressed hard in the last five minutes, but India saw off their attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750463", "title": "Christmas spirit grips Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Festive fervour gripped the city on the Christmas eve with denizens shopping in droves despite rising inflation and economic slowdown. Many said they had spent more this Christmas season compared to last year. \"I have spent more than Rs 15,000 this Christmas compared to around Rs 10,000 last year,\" said Ronald Anthony, a resident and assistant manager at a city pub. \"I understand everyone has been worried about inflation and the economy but Christmas comes just once in a year and I don't think it is a time for saving money,\" he added.For B Suman Tatelu, a resident of Alwal who recently secured her engineering degree, the expenditure did not matter. She spent more than Rs 7,500 this year mainly on clothing and accessories, more than double to last year's total, around Rs 3,000.Apart from attire and other gift articles, electronic appliances emerged as a popular gift choice for Hyderabadis this year with electronic stores reporting a nearly 50% rise in business. \"Footfall went up to 500 on Sunday with cameras, iPads, iPhones and LCD TVs selling like hotcakes. We are even offering various discounts up to 60% on a range of products and also combo offers on purchase of two or more items,\" said Vamsi V, an official from a city electronics store.Many also headed to the book fair at People's Plaza to purchase books for their loved ones while others opted for music CDs of Christmas songs including classics by Boney M and Mariah Carey and latest Indian remixes of carols by various artistes.Isidore Philips, director of NGO Divya Disha refused to even think about the total amount his family has shelled out so far on Christmas this time around.\"I do not want to add up any of the figures right now. Only on the day after Boxing Day will I sit back and take stock,\" he said.\"Every year the clothes and gifts get costlier. Now, if I want to buy a suit for a four-year-old the price range begins at Rs 4,000. But I don't think it is fair to hold back during this festival as it is all about giving and bonding with family,\" he added.Philips is one among many in the city who started their festive preparations almost a month in advance, right from making frequent trips to the market in large groups and decorating the traditional Christmas tree and the house with family until the wee hours of the night.Groups of youngsters and children have been touring various localities singing carols. \"We have already received nearly 100 orders for Christmas special cakes in the past few days. We are expecting a large footfall on Tuesday for various festive goodies like fruit cakes, tarts, turkeys and mince pies,\" said Pankaj Mandal, manager at Deli 9, in Begumpet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17751170", "title": "Nigerian held with charas worth Rs 4.5L", "text": "PANAJI: The anti-narcotic cell (ANC) on Monday arrested Anthony Chike, 32, a Nigerian national for alleged illegal possession of 2.933 kg of charas worth 4.5 lakh.ANC sources said that on Sunday, PI Suraj Halarnkar received information that on Monday, an African man would be arriving on a two wheeler to deliver charas to a prospective customer at Aguada jail-helipad junction road, Sinquerim.The police team, accordingly, lay in wait at the site.As soon as the accused arrived to deliver the contraband, police nabbed him.\"On subsequent search of his person, after observing mandatory guidelines, the raiding party seized 2.933 kg of charas, one black and blue colour shoulder bag and a black colour scooter,\" an ANC source told TOI.The accused was previously arrested by Calangute police in possession of 11g of cocaine and 68g of charas.The accused was subsequently released on bail. The case is pending trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "17750333", "title": "VIP darshan leaves devotees fuming", "text": "Tirumala: Even as thousands of devotees are fuming and fretting over the poor arrangements for the ordinary pilgrims and preferential treatment meted out to VIPs on the occasion of the auspicious Vaikunta Ekadasi and Dwadashi that took place on Sunday and Monday, temple protection activists took to task Tirumala Tirupati Devastanams (TTD) executive officer LV Subramanyam for arranging VIP darshan for 228 non-VIPs on these two days.In an order issued a few days before the celebrations, the executive officer directed the officials to make accommodation arrangements for 120 members of I Focus Mission Hyderabad and 108 members belonging to another group called Seva Bharati, LAC Chennai. It was mentioned clearly in the order that they should be given all facilities free of cost and the VIP break darshan during the festival on Sunday and Monday. They were exempted from paying for VIP ticket which costs Rs 500 each.LV came under sharp criticism for his hospitality as the TTD made the darshan for the general public an almost impossible task on these two auspicious days by issuing almost 10,000 VIP tickets. \"At least on these two days, VIP darshan should not be allowed. And on top of that, VIP treatment is being meted out to 228 non-VIPS. This is highly condemnable,\" temple protection activist Kamalanada Bharati said.Highly-placed TTD sources said altogether 23 central and state ministers, 116 MPs and MLAs secured VIP darshan tickets for these two days. In addition to this, each TTD board member doled out more than 300 VIP passes to their near and dear. According to the sources, TTD chairman Kanumuri Bapiraju himself gave out more than 3,000 passes. \"On one hand, they say they cannot deal with the pressure from VIPs, and on the other, they issue VIP break darshan orders for non protocol devotees,\" said K Bhanuprakah Reddy, BJP spokesperson.Many devotees alleged that the TTD authorities denied accommodation due to the regular devotees in order to please VIPs from Thursday itself. On Monday, angry devotees staged protests outside the chairman and EO's offices. \"I reached Tirumala on Sunday night, but till date, I have not been able to secure accommodation and am still in the queue for darshan,\" Kondru Chandrasekhar, a physically challenged devotee from Vizag, said.For the record though, TTD executive officer LV Subramanyam had announced that VIP darshan on Sunday and Monday would be allowed only between 3 am and 5 am. \"However, in reality, the VIP darshan went much beyond that,\" said an activist Maganti Gopala Reddy.More than one lakh devotees thronged the temple on the occasion of Vaikuntha Ekadashi and Dwadasi on Sunday and Monday respectively.Meanwhile, TTD was caught in another controversy on Monday with Swami Swaroopananda Bharti of Sarada Peetahm criticizing it over the darshan timings. \"Agama prescribes that Ekadashi time starts at 6 am, but they opened the doors at 2 am\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17748942", "title": "5-yr-old raped by neighbour in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 20-year-old youth raped a five-year-old girl after taking her to an isolated place in Hyderabad's Madhapur area on Saturday night while her parents were away.Police said Dhan Bahadur took the girl to the isolated place while she was playing near her house and raped her. The girl's mother, a domestic help, got to know about it hours later as she returned after work and reported the rape to police a day later.\"I saw my daughter crying. On inquiry, she told me that the man from our neighbourhood took her and forced himself on her. The next day, she identified the culprit and he was handed over to the police,\" the mother told TOI. \"I want the animal to be hanged till death. If we spare him today, he might commit the same offence again and one more innocent girl and her family will go through a similar trauma.''Bahadur works at a food court at a mall. After sexually assaulting the girl, he left her near her house and left.Police said both the victim and the culprit are from Nepal. They said Bahadur had confessed to raping the girl in an inebriated state.\"Doctors confirmed that the girl was raped and we have registered a case under section 376 of the IPC against the culprit,\" inspector K Srinath Reddy said.The victim was discharged on Sunday night after treatment.The rape came to light while DGP V Dinesh Reddy was holding a presser during which he described Andhra Pradesh as a ``safe haven'' for women. He quoted statistics, saying crimes against women had dropped considerably in 2012.The number of rape cases appear to have come down in the state, but overall crimes against women have increased by 1.8%. As per police statistics, in addition to rape cases, dowry deaths and kidnapping cases have declined. But cases under the Dowry Prohibition (DP) Act, harassment and bigamy have gone up.The police chief said the number of rapes in the state had come down from 1,291 in 2011 to 1,191 the following year till November 30).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17750839", "title": "Nasa plan: Seize asteroid, make it refuelling station", "text": "LONDON: Nasa scientists are planning to capture a 500,000kg asteroid, relocate it and transform it into a space station for astronauts to refuel at on their way to Mars. It would be the first time a celestial object has ever been moved by humans, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The White House's Office of Science and technology will consider the $2.6 billion plan in the coming weeks as it prepares to set its space exploration agenda for the next decade. A feasibility report prepared by Nasa and California Institute of Technology scientists outlined how they would go about capturing the asteroid.An 'asteroid capture capsule' would be attached to an old Atlas V rocket and directed the asteroid between the Earth and the Moon. Once close, the asteroid capsule would release a 50 ft diameter bag that wrap around the spinning rock using drawstrings, the paper said. The craft would then turn on its thrusters, using an estimated 300 kg of propellant, to stop the asteroid in its tracks and tow it into a gravitationally neutral spot.From here space explorers would have a stationary base from which to launch trips deeper into space. \"The idea of exploiting the natural resources of asteroids dates back over a hundred years, but only now has the technology become available to make this idea a reality,\" the report said.\"The feasibility is enabled by three key developments: the ability to discover and characterize an adequate number of sufficiently small near-Earth asteroids for capture and return; the ability to implement sufficiently powerful solar electric propulsion systems to enable transportation of the captured asteroid; and the proposed human presence in cislunar space in the 2020s enabling exploration and exploitation of the returned asteroid,\" it said.Nasa declined to comment on the project because it said it was in negotiations with the White House , but it is believed that technology would make it possible within 10-12 years.Scientists unveil new 'baby pic' of UniverseAstronomers have released a new \"baby picture\" of the Universe. The all-sky image draws on nine years' worth of data from a now- retired spacecraft dubbed the Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe (WMAP). WMAP launched in 2001 and from its perch a million miles away from Earth (in the direction opposite the Sun) it scanned the heavens, mapping out the afterglow of the hot, young universe with unprecedented accuracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750338", "title": "Protest shifts to Jantar Mantar as Metro closes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police's move to limit access to central Delhi on Monday by closing nine Metro stations prevented a repeat of Sunday's protests but it could not dampen public anger.Although protesters again tried to march towards Vijay Chowk, they had to be content with demonstrating at Jantar Mantar. They seemed particularly miffed with the Prime Minister's address on Monday morning, assuring people of women's safety. Some said his words rang hollow and he should send a delegation to speak to protesters and understand their demands.Students from JNU, DU, Jamia and medical colleges, besides activists, gathered at Jantar Mantar to protest the police's assault on Sunday. They also demanded the government look into issues of gender and sexual harassment across the country. All India Students Association (AISA) presented National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) data on the dip in conviction rate in rape cases from 41% in 1971 to 27% in 2010.Many protesters said home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde's remark comparing protesters with Maoists was meaningless. \"There is an appalling disconnect and lack of empathy in what the PM and the home minister said,\" said Kavita Krishnan, secretary of All India Progressive Women's Association (AIPWA).She added that protesters had clear demands: \"We need to upgrade laws for custodial and marital rapes. We want three bills on sexual assault, sexual harassment and honour crimes\".Speakers were concerned about the government's take on the issue. \"The PM has been promising many things. But nothing has changed on the ground. We need reforms that will stop this culture in India,\" said Amrapali, a DU professor.Medical students in white coats who demonstrated through the day said they were concerned about the bus gang rape victim Nirbhaya (as TOI has symbolically named her). \"She is one of us. We can't imagine what she must have gone through. The PM's statement is a political effort to derail our movement. I don't think students will calm down before justice is done,\" said Vikram and Sarita from PGIMER, Rohtak. Organizations like New Socialist Initiative (NSI) spoke for laws against sexual harassment and moral policing. Another large group demanded capital punishment for the accused.People from different parts of the city joined the protests despite traffic restrictions. \"Is the government insane? After cracking down so badly on young boys and girls, they have shut down the entire city,\" said Arbind who works for an insurance company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17749906", "title": "Chaos reigns at Kalindi bridge, roads choked", "text": "NOIDA: The Kalindi Kunj bridge witnessed massive traffic snarls on the second day of closure of one carriageway for repairs on Monday. Hundreds of commuters remained stuck in traffic gridlocks for several hours despite taking detours via the DND Flyway and the Nizamuddin Bridge to reach their destinations in Delhi, Noida, Ghaziabad and Faridabad.Commuter woes multiplied due to foggy conditions and the barricading put up at entry points to India Gate by Delhi Police to ward off protesters of the gang rape incident. While hundreds of commuters walked from the Kalindi Kunj Bridge from the Delhi side towards Noida, motorists were turned away towards alternate routes. The swap roads too remained choked. While the DND had to be closed for traffic from the Noida side for a short while to allow the huge backlog of vehicles to clear, the crossing at Chilla Regulator remained jammed during morning and evening peak hours.Delhi traffic police had to manually operate traffic lights to accommodate the dense traffic coming from Badardpur and Noida, which also led to pile-up of vehicles.Commuters had a harrowing time and reached their destinations nearly 4-5 hours late. They complained of lack of warning boards so that they could take route diversions. \"I left home early to reach my office in Noida. After walking for one hour, I reached office at 12.30pm,\" said Ashish Jha, a resident of Badarpur. Another commuter, Shahid Khan from Shaheen Bagh, reached his office at 11.30am. He had to walk to the end of the bridge and take an auto-rickshaw to reach his destination in Noida.Warning drivers of significant delays till the repair work is completed, the traffic police from Noida and Delhi are encouraging motorists to skirt the affected area and use alternate routes.Considering that construction has slowed traffic on the Kalindi Kunj bridge, which caters to nearly 1.5 lakh vehicles every day, the DND toll operator has made additional arrangements for the spillover traffic. \"We have converted a customer care lane for 4-wheelers into three lanes for 2-wheelers for traffic coming from Delhi towards Noida,\" said Anwar Abbasi, spokesperson of Noida Toll Bridge Co Ltd.\"On Sunday, DND served an additional 15,000 vehicles diverted from Kalindi Kunj, while till 8pm on Monday nearly 25,000 vehicles had crossed the toll plaza,\" Abbasi said, adding that nearly 50 staff have been issued tokens for cash to commuters at the toll plaza to further facilitate smooth traffic movement.The 28-year old Kalindi Kunj bridge has been closed for repairs for two months. According to the plan, the Delhi-Noida stretch will be closed from December 23 to January 22 while the opposite carriageway will be shut from January 23 to February 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749584", "title": "Cops search for 3 named in suicide note", "text": "CHENNAI: Police are on the look-out for three people for allegedly abetting the suicide of a businessman in Tondiarpet.On Sunday, Krishanraj, 55, committed suicide leaving behind a note claiming that he took the extreme step after being forced to repay 4.50 lakh, he had borrowed for expanding his business.He mentioned the names of - Akbar, Sekar, Dilani holding them responsible for his death.They had alleged threatened to take over his shop if he failed to repay the debt.\"Krishnaraj had outstanding debts of 15 lakh and was under pressure to pay it back,\" said an investigating officer.When money lenders lodged a complaint at Royapuram police, Krishnaraj promised to pay the money in installments, but failed to do so. Tondiarpet police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17751356", "title": "Project not responsible for flooding: Shree Maheshwar Hydel Power Corporation Ltd", "text": "BHOPAL: The Maheshwar project is not responsible for the flooding that took place in the villages in August this year, said Shree Maheshwar Hydel Power Corporation Ltd (SMHPCL) general manager (R&R;) Asad Zafar.\"Due to natural flooding of the Narmada river, some of the villages were affected above the level of 154 meter for which the state government has compensated the affected parties. The flooding was due to the monsoons and had no connection with the Maheshwar Project,\" said Zafar.Earlier in May, MoEF had permitted SMHPCL to fill the reservoir up to 154 meters. An investigation report submitted to national green tribunal sampled six villages and found that water level was between 154.3m to 161.15m on August 8, 2012 which caused damage to the houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "17749538", "title": "Two-time Congress MLA Jain to resign assembly seat, join Shiromani Akali Dal", "text": "MOGA: In a big embarrassment to Congress in Punjab, its two-time MLA Joginder Pal Jain will resign from the legislative assembly on Wednesday to join the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal .The Congress MLA from Moga will forward his resignation to Punjab assembly speaker and formally join the SAD thereafter. He is hopeful of getting SAD ticket for the byelection, to be necessitated by his resignation. As per anti-defection law, a MLA has to first resign from membership of his party, before switching sides, otherwise his membership is termed null and void.\"I will resign from the membership of legislative assembly on Wednesday before formally joining the SAD the same day,\" Jain said on Monday.Having been chairman of Moga Improvement Trust and president of Moga municipal council, Jain had won from Moga assembly constituency in 2007 by defeating Tota Singh and repeated the performance in January 2012 by trouncing former DGP P S Gill, as Tota Singh had shifted to nearby Dharamkot assembly constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17750621", "title": "Public transport safe for women in Mangalore", "text": "Mangalore: The gang rape of the 23-year-old woman in a moving bus in Delhi has triggered a fear and a feeling that women are not safe in public transport across the nation. However, Dakshina Kannada district, which is a education hub that attracts hundreds of students from across the globe, including women, has no major safety issues related to women commuting on the public transport. Barring instances of autorickshaw drivers charging more money, the district has not recorded major instances of women being molested and harassed in buses or autorickshaws. The Regional Transport Office and the police jointly had taken initiatives to open pre-paid autorickshaw stands at Mangalore Central Railway Station and at the KSRTC bus stand at Bejai here. The move has reduced instances of autorickshaw drivers charging more money from commuters, let alone women. Regional transport officer C Mallikarjuna had issued a public notice asking women to lodge a complaint to his office if they face any kind of inconvenience or harassment during their journey in bus or autos. Mallikarjuna told TOI that the office has not received a single complaint related to harassment or molestation of women in the past one year. \"The public transport system in Mangalore city is safer compared to metropolitan cities. We have never come across any complaints from women about harassment or molestation. We have requested women to complain immediately if they face any problems. Women should inform us with the available details including registration number of the vehicle. We will take action against the driver or any other person, who trouble women in public transport vehicles,\" he said. People in the district also have one more reason to cheer. The number of dowry deaths is very less here. Only six cases under Section 304(B) of the IPC (dowry death) were reported in the district in the past three years. While two cases of dowry deaths were reported in the district in 2010, the number of cases in 2011 was one and in 2012 it was three.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17749200", "title": "Women harassed at workplace too scared to approach authorities", "text": "RANCHI: A girl was molested by the manager of a hotel she worked for in October. When the girl filed an FIR at the women's police station, the accused was arrested but later granted bail. In July, a college teacher who used to pass lewd comments to his female colleagues and students was transferred to another co-educational college after a complaint was made but no action was taken against him.There are many similar cases like these when perpetrators of sexual harassment go scot-free with very little punishment as the victims refrain from complaining against them. \"Many times when the girls come and complain about harassment at their workplaces, her seniors offer them money to keep quiet or threaten to spoil their reputation. As a result, the girls feel shy of complaining,\" an official at the women's police station said.\"This year we got around five to six such harassment cases of which FIR was lodged only in one case. The rest cases were solved during counselling,\" she added.The Jharkhand Women's Commission receives comparatively more cases related to harassment in workplaces compared to that of the women's police station.Commission member Anuradha Chaudhary said, \"We get a lot of cases related to workplace harassment. Most of the cases are sorted out after counselling and many are sent to court.\"She said cases related to sexual harassment at private firms were high but recently harassment of teachers in schools was also rising. \"I deal with almost seven to eight cases in my monthly courts in which female teachers are harassed by their male colleagues.\"Many women are afraid of complaining about harassment at workplaces to their seniors because of the fear of losing jobs. Anamika Khanna, an employee of a private firm, said, \"One of my colleagues is continuously harassed by a boy in our office but she is scared to complain to the boss because the boy is very close to him (boss) and she has a fear of losing her job. She is in desperate need of money so she cannot afford to lose the job.\"Some private firms are strict about safety of women at workplaces. Manager of one such firm Anand Kaushal said, \"If a girl complains against a man in the office, he will immediately lose the job. Also we are strict about the safety of girls and we have arranged cabs for those who leave the office late.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17751576", "title": "Gambusia fish to curb spread of dengue", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a proactive move to curb spread of dengue, the district public health services would be distributing Gambusia fish to all Primary Health Centers (PHC) in the district.For the first time the fish, which has been used in India since 1928, will be distributed to all 47 PHC's in the district to prevent the outbreak of the disease caused by mosquitoes, said R Damodaran, deputy director, Public Health Service, Coimbatore.He said, the plans to distribute the fish have been taken up in order to curtail the disease, especially dengue, as a long term measure. The fish will be used to biologically control the disease in rural areas. It is found to be very effective and is continuously distributed in the Coimbatore corporation limits, helping to curb the growth of mosquitoes. Consequently, the spread of dengue reported in the Coimbatore region is the least when compared to any other district in the state, he said.Damodaran said the fish would be bought from Mettur where it is bred and distributed to all PHCs. The fish will also be bred at the PHCs in a tub provided by the district public health centre, from where it would be distributed to health sub centres. The fish would also be released in water bodies and distributed to people visiting the centre for check up.Damodaran said they are self-perpetuating after initial establishment. They continue to reduce mosquito larvae for long time. The cost of introducing larvivorous fish is relatively lower than that of chemical. Larvivorous fish such as Gambusia prefer shallow water where mosquito larvae also breed.Gambusia fish can adapt to wide variations in temperature as well as to chemical and organic content of the water but does not tolerate very high organic pollution. The optimum temperature for reproduction ranges from 240C to 340C but the fish can survive at freezing temperatures. The fish frequent areas especially suitable for the mosquito larvae. It lives and multiplies in ponds stocked with larger fish provided the pond is shallow and has protective vegetation for refuge.A single full grown fish eats about 100 to 300 mosquito larvae per day. It can tolerate salinity. It can withstand transportation and does not require any specialized equipment or containers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17753322", "title": "Akshay Kumar to replace Vijayakanth!", "text": "After successfully co-producing her first film \"Rowdy Rathore\", which entered the Rs.100 crore club, designer Shabina Khan has now bought the rights of Tamil hit 'Ramana', a 2002 blockbuster Tamil film which was helmed by A.R. Murugadoss and starred Vijayakanth and Simran.' Ramana ' is a film highlighting the fight against corruption and Akshay Kumar who was the lead artist in ' Rowdy Rathore ' will also play the male lead in the remake. Shabina Khan said \"I have bought the rights of Tamil film ' Ramana '. I will remake it in Hindi. It's a beautiful film and I believe the audience will enjoy watching the film in Hindi. Akshay Kumar will play the lead in my film and the film will go on the floors in mid-2013.\"Shabina, the producer had earlier jointly produced ' Rowdy Rathore ' with Sanjay Leela Bhansali. While it is confirmed Akshay Kumar would don the lead role, the leading lady is yet to decided and the official announcement on the director is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749707", "title": "Discriminatory provisions deny most victims any relief", "text": "JAIPUR: Though a rape victim can never be compensated in real terms, adequate financial help is necessary to rebuild her life. However, when it comes to extending the relief, there are various discriminatory provisions in the state which prevents a girl from getting the help.Following the directions of the Supreme Court in 2011, the state government made some changes in category (i) or (iii) of Rule (4) of Relief Fund Rules that deal with rape victims and victims of other heinous crimes. However, compensation in such cases depends solely on the discretion of the chief minister. The state government though had provided relief to some rape victims, a majority of them is still running from pillar to post for the same. Also, under Scheduled Castes/Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989, a Dalit victim cannot get compensation if the rapist belongs to her own caste.In fact, if the victim is SC/ST, she would get Rs1.20 lakh but only if the accused belongs to a different caste. Take for example the plight of a 17-year-old Dalit girl, Damini (name changed). She was gangraped but denied compensation under the Act, as the persons who committed the offence belonged to her caste. Damini was gangraped in January 2012 in Jaipur.In another case, an eight-year-old girl was raped by a security guard in Jaipur in June last year. The social activists, who took up the case to help the victim get compensation, claimed that even though the incident took place in July last year, she has not been provided compensation yet. The victim belongs to OBC. Her case has been registered at Vaishali Nagar police station.\"In the first case, the victim did not get the compensation as she was unfortunately raped by her caste people while in the second case the victim did not get the compensation because she did not belong to SC/ST community,\" said social activist Renuka Pamecha.Pamecha said that she wrote to chief minister, chief secretary, home secretary and the collector seeking compensation from the chief minister's relief fund but all her efforts went in vain. She said that all the rape victims should get compensation irrespective of their caste. \"Whoever commits the crime and whoever be the victim, the trauma which a victim suffers is the same. There are many rape victims who have not got any relief just because they belong to some other castes,\" Pamecha said.Centre for Dalit Rights functionary PL Mimroth said, \"There is a provision in the SC/ST Act that after an FIR is lodged and medical examination is conducted on the rape victim, the district administration should release Rs 60,000 as compensation immediately. Also, another Rs 60,000 will be provided to the victim after conviction as per the amended rules in December 2011.\"The issue of discrimination in extending compensation to rape victims had rocked the state assembly in 2007 as it was highlighted by the then Congress MLA Sanyam Lodha. He had alleged that from January 2004 to August 2005, 392 cases relating to rape of minor girls took place and that out of them, 377 victims did not get any relief or assistance. Just 13 were given relief ranging from Rs 10,000 to Rs 50,000, while one victim was given Rs 3.95 lakh and another Rs 5 lakh. He demanded that all similar victims of rape should be given monetary relief. Talking to TOI, Lodha said: \"I took up the issue in 2006-07 in Vidhan Sabha. I moved the high court. The court had declared the discretion of chief minister in awarding variable compensation based on age of rape victims as unconstitutional.\"When the government changed in 2008, the government took the matter to the Supreme Court. The SC set aside the impugned order of the high court and dismissed the PIL filed by the respondent in the high court. But it observed, \"When there are no guidelines or when it is difficult to limit the discretion in a high functionary by guidelines, the authority should be careful in exercising discretionary power so to ensure that it does not give room for nepotism, favoritism or discrimination.\"The SC also observed that relief amount cannot be granted merely because the recipient happens to be the friend, supporter of the CM or belongs to his political party. The disbursement or payment to undeserving cases can be questioned.The court directed the state government, \"It may be appropriate to include a sub category relating to such victims (ghastly and heinous crime) under category (i) or (iii) of rule 4 of the relief fund rules.\"Though the government amended the rule, there are many rape victims who have not been provided any relief.Legal experts claimed that there is no law which makes compensation mandatory for all the rape victims.\"The SC/ST rape victim under the SC/ST Act is eligible for compensation. But if the rape victim is SC/ST and raped by SC/ST, then the case would be registered under general provisions of IPC,\" said senior advocate AK Jain.However, the state government has introduced a Rajasthan Victim Compensation Scheme, 2011. A notification was issued in January, 2012. Under the scheme, a victim of rape can get a compensation of maximum Rs 3 lakh. Jain said, \"There is no law in the country for giving compensation for a rape victim of general caste. Even under the newly launched Rajasthan government's scheme for victims, it is not mandatory that the rape victim get the compensation. But, it is the court, which has the power to give compensation to the rape victim.\"The two rape victims applied for compensation under the newly launched Rajasthan Victim Compensation Scheme but they have not got the relief so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750670", "title": "Nandankanan to get new guests", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Nandankanan zoo here is all set to get some rare animals and birds from other zoos in the New Year. The Central Zoo Authority (CZA) has cleared a proposal in this regard, sources said.While the zoo will get some animals as gift, it will get some other animals and birds as part of an exchange programme. The technical committee of the CZA has already verified animal enclosures and checked maintenance facilities thoroughly for the arrival of the new guests at the zoo.The zoo will get one pair of black swans from Mysore zoo in exchange of two open-billed storks. The Mysore zoo will also take one of the two female cassowaries in Nandankanan for making a pair because they have already a male cassowary, said Kamal Lochan Purohit, assistant director, Nandankanan zoo. \"Apart from those, we will get one pair of lions and one pair of leopards from Junagad zoo in Gujarat as gift,\" said Purohit. He said Nandankanan zoo has only hybrid variety of lions and leopards. With the two pairs of Asiatic variety lions and leopards from Junagad zoo, there will be seven leopards and 11 lions.Similarly, Jammu zoo will give one black vulture to Nandankanan which will add to the one black vulture already present here. \"The dates for transporting the animals and birds will be decided sometime in January next year after a fresh verification,\" the assistant director informed. He said one elephant calf was brought to the zoo on Sunday from Athagarh forest division. It is a two-month-old calf, which is going to be kept along with other four orphan calves at the zoo.Nandankanan has been witnessing unprecedented tourist footfalls for last three days. On December 23, as many as 29,400 visitors thronged the zoo. The authorities expect more than 50,000 visitors on the New Year day which will break last year's record of 49,600.\"With the arrival of the new guests, we expect more number of visitors to the zoo in 2013,\" said a zoo official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "shimla/panchkula", "code": "17749622", "title": "Himachal cops in ambush mode at CM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s oath ceremony", "text": "SHIMLA/PANCHKULA: While Virbhadra Singh is all set to take oath as the chief minister of Himachal Pradesh in Shimla on Tuesday, the police of Himachal and Haryana will be present at the ceremony waiting to corner one of his MLAs-Ram Kumar Chaudhary-wanted in the murder case of a dalit girl.The police have deputed their men to nab Chaudhary, a first-time crorepati MLA, who is accused in the gruesome murder of 24-year-old Jyoti, one of his woman employees, in Panchkula in Haryana. Chaudhary on Monday moved a court in Panchkula requesting bail.The MLA asked the court to put a stay on his arrest on the plea that \"he has to attend the swearing-in ceremony in Shimla on Tuesday and that this is his constitutional right.\" Without staying the arrest, the court has issued a notice to Panchkula police for filing a reply on December 26.Chaudhary, 43, was elected from Doon constituency in Solan district in the recently-held HP assembly polls. Baddi police in Himachal's Solan district have constituted a special eight-member team, headed by an inspector-level officer, to conduct raids in search of Chaudhary.Haryana police had sought the help of their counterparts in Baddi and handed them a copy of the arrest warrant of Chaudhary. Jyoti's body was recovered from the roadside in Panchkula on November 22 and according to Panchkula police officers investigating the case, she used to manage the financial details of the MLA.According to the police, after throwing her body along the road attempts were made to crush it under a vehicle. On December 21, a month after the murder, Panchkula police issued a warrant against Chaudhary, his relatives Dharampal and Gurmeet and a close friend Paramjeet. The MLA is facing two cases related to wrongful restraint (under section 341 of IPC) and two charges related to unlawful assembly (under IPC section 143).The legislator is also among the top ten rich politicians of Himachal Pradesh with the Association of Democratic Reforms, an election watchdog body, revealing his total assets to be over Rs 36 crore. In his affidavit submitted to Election Commission of India , Ram Kumar has declared movable assets of Rs 5.92 crore and immovable assets of Rs 30.51 crore. He has also declared liabilities of Rs 91.58 lakh.On Sunday, AICC general secretary and party in-charge for Himachal Pradesh Birender Singh told reporters that Chaudhary's opinion on the CLP leader could not come as they were not aware about his whereabouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "saharsa", "code": "17750786", "title": "Saharsa case accused surrenders before SP", "text": "SAHARSA: Buckling under tremendous pressure built by the police administration in the wake of huge outpouring of public angst and outcry, the main accused, Animesh Kumar, in the case of alleged attempt at kidnapping and gang-rape of school girl, finally surrendered before the superintendent of police (SP) at Saharsa on Monday.Saharsa SP A K Satyarthi talking to TOI on Monday said Animesh was wanted in connection with an FIR lodged by the girl's sibling and was charged with attempt to kidnap and sexually assault her inside the running car on Saturday. Saharsa SDPO Ashok Kumar Das told TOI that all the ground-work has been completed for attachment of property of all the six accused in the case.Only the main accused was identified in the FIR lodged by victim's brother. She had not been able to identify five other accused persons as they had covered their faces, police said. The main accused, Animesh, was identified by the girl since he had come to call her when she came out of the school premises around 12.30 pm on Saturday, saying her brother Golu Yadav was waiting for her in a car, police said.Police said the main accused is a crony and care-taker of the local property of convicted and jailed ex-MP Anand Mohan. Mohan had vociferously defended the main accused on Sunday and denied his involvement in what he suggested was a cock and bull story to defame him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17750752", "title": "10 kids injured after school bus overturns in Sanand", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A bus carrying 23 children from a school in Sanand overturned and fell into a ditch on Tuesday. Around 10 kids were injured and were taken to Sanand Government Hospital. Four were later shifted to a private hospital in Ahmedabad.EMRI officials received a call at 6.15 pm on Tuesday from Chiyoda village near Sanand where the van had turned turtle. \"Two ambulances from Sanand and Bavla rushed to the spot and took six kids to the Sanand hospital. One of the students' jaw had been dislodged and needed immediate assistance. Others sustained minor injuries,\" said an EMRI official.Sanand police officials said the bus belonged to Vikas Vidya Niketan School of Sanand. \"The bus was on its way to drop the students home when the mishap took place. We are yet to get more details on how it happened but we can say that the driver lost control over the vehicle after which the bus skidded off the road and into a ditch,\" said a police official.Investigators said that if the driver is found responsible, he would be booked for the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17749805", "title": "Police crack murder case of Jaipur financer", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police has solved the murder mystery of a city financer who was found seriously injured in the Nahargarh Road area on Sunday. The police have arrested the main accused in this connection. Primary investigations suggested that the accused drove the car over the victim intentionally.Dheeraj Pareek (43) was found seriously injured during the wee hours on Sunday with a smashed head. Police took him to Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital where he was declared brought dead and a case of murder was lodged against unknown assailants. The police started collecting vital information about the incident. During the interrogation of the victim's family members it was found that on Saturday night he went for a drink along with his friend Mahendra Kalra (35).\"On the way they entered into a violent scuffle. During the fight financer Dheeraj slapped Mahendra. Later in a fit of rage Mahendra thrashed Dheeraj badly and also rammed the car that belonged to the deceased into him,\" said PC Bhaskar, circle inspector, Nahagarh police station on Monday.According to the police the accused is a proclaimed offender and was out on bail in a rape case. \"There are other cases against him including a few cases of assault in other police stations as well,\" said a senior police officer.Initially the police thought it to be a case of accident but some clues that were found on the spot made it clear that it was a murder case.Police officials added that the accused did not regret committing the crime. \"In the primary interrogation he said that both had a fight over boozing and dining out, following which the deceased slapped him. Later, Mahendra thrashed him and also drove the car over his friend Dheeraj.\"After the incident the accused roamed around the city. \"He had also stolen Rs 2,000 and the deceased's mobile phone,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17752804", "title": "'Newlywed' Ronnie Wood 'keen to start' family", "text": "Ronnie Wood and his new bride - who, at 34, is 31 years his junior - are eager to start a family, according to reports.The 65-year-old Rolling Stone guitarist took his vows with his third wife Sally Humphreys in a London hotel on Friday.A friend of the couple said that Humphreys had always wanted to have kids and thinks that Wood will be a great dad, the Mirror reported.The friend confessed that the couple have enjoyed being by themselves and have a real laugh but a baby is something they both really want in the near future.Humphreys recently said that she would like to have children but not now as she wants to spend time with Wood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17749540", "title": "Despite ban, Chinese dragon dor returns to markets", "text": "AMRITSAR: With the advent of kite flying season, the Chinese kite flying string commonly known as Dragon Dor is once again back in market. Shopkeepers across markets can be seen fearlessly selling the deadly string which can cause serious accidents including slitting of the throat.\"In the wake of recent accidents caused by Dragon Dor, a ban had been imposed on the sale of such strings,\" said police commissioner Ram Singh on Monday.\"We have received several reports of throat and ear slitting of two-vehicle drivers after they got entangled in the synthetic strings,\" he said. Last year, deputy commissioner Rajat Aggarwal had constituted a joint team of district administration and police to conduct raids on shops which sell Dragon Dor but this year, the deadly string has returned to the markets.\"People prefer Chinese strings since these have a great strength as compared to cotton strings which break easily,\" said Jagdeep Singh, an ardent kite flyer. \"If there is a ban on this string, why is it being imported?\" he questioned. President of the Amritsar Kite And Dor Association J Behal said: \"The administration should impose strict penalties on defaulters. This string can cause harm not only to humans, but also to birds and animals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750431", "title": "Networking sites unite Hyderabad youth", "text": "HYDERABAD: Shedding their \"laid back\" tag, young Hyderabadis in thousands are protesting against the brutal gangrape of a 23-year-old paramedical student in New Delhi, which analysts credit to the advent of social networking sites helping in mobilising people and change in attitude.While some say that it would be unfair to say Hyderabadis are infamous for their \"chalta hai\" attitude, old-timers welcome the new-age activism and say they are closely watching the commitment level.\"That tide of activism ebbed after the nineties,\" says Mazhar Hussain of Confederations of Voluntary Organisations (COVA). \"Earlier lot of people used to come out on the streets for many issues like police atrocities, communal bias and dalit rights,\" he said.A string of protests this week in the city paralysed traffic as college and school students along with older citizens marched on the streets. Demonstrators defied a silent protest march held at Necklace Road and shouted slogans against growing crime against women on Saturday, an incident that baffled organisers.More protests have been planned and denizens in droves are joining the December 26 \"Aurat bandh\" call and signing mass petitions like \"Fight against rape to change,\" and \"capital punishment for rapists in India\" on Facebook. While some have urged the government to redo the system completely, one Unnati Shah says on facebook, \"Proud to be a girl, ashamed to be an Indian.\"Many are urging each other to join protests either at Necklace Road or at Indira Park for a bigger rally. \"It's an ideal way of communicating with each other. Once you put it on a social networking site, news travels faster then light,\" says Neha Tiwari, a local college student. Analysts say the influx of people from other cities and emergence of social networking and modern day technology has helped Hyderabadis shed their \"laid back\" attitude faster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17751321", "title": "Unequal tragedy: Young victims of drone attacks", "text": "When I saw the images of the children who had died in the school attack in Connecticut, I was horrified. Attacks on children ought to provoke outrage in all of us.Some malicious folks suggested that this was God's way of avenging the American foreign policy overseas; they should have been ignored. Nonetheless in cyber space, such inflammatory comments provoked countless tweets and Facebook debates.One altogether separate distinction, however, must be made. Earlier this week Guardian columnist, Goerge Monbiot, questioned why children's deaths via drone attacks are acceptable? Why, Monbiot asks, does US President Barack Obama become tearful at the Connecticut shootings, and stoic, stone-hearted by the deaths of children, killed as a result of drone attacks on Pakistani soil? Though George Bush's administration launched the drone programme, Obama has, unquestioningly, continued it.But to illustrate the point about the loss of innocence, let's look at a 2006 drone attack on a school in Bajaur Agency in the tribal areas bordering Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The target was the principal of this madrasa \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an alleged militant. The 'collateral damage' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was 69 children. The elite of Pakistan may have paused briefly to mourn the losses over coffee table conversations but their anger would have been misplaced \u00e2\u20ac\u201d they would be ranting about American imperialism but not for the lives of the children. As for Americans, they likely didn't know about them.Why don't we care about them? Even if you believe that every madrasa is a militant academy (which it isn't), surely you can't believe that every child is guilty. If anything, a concerted effort should be made to create a healthier environment for children. Surely the US government understands that a long-term development agenda would have been a better approach than \"smokin' 'em out\".Why we don't care, sadly, has something to do with class, a disease that ails us all. The reason we cared so much about the little children in Connecticut is probably because we relate to them, their parents and their lifestyles more than we do to a little six-year-old \u00e2\u20ac\u201d now dead \u00e2\u20ac\u201d playing cricket in the backyard of his madrassa. That child has no name. No face. No newspaper story. No reporter told us that when he was offered a sweet he always took an extra one for his little brother. We didn't care to report, read or retweet precious moments in his life. In his op-ed, Monbiot refers to a September 2012 Stanford University-NYU report \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Living Under Drones \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on the social impact of this distanced US defence policy: Living Under Drones. Over the course of nine months and 130 interviews, researchers reveal the damaging psychological, social and environmental impacts of drones on those who live under their daily threat. One impact is a significant drop in number of school-going children, for fear of attacks.The Bureau of Investigative Journalism reports that at least 25% of the people killed in drone attacks are innocent civilians; 175 assuredly children.Part of the problem in how we perceive tragedy is how closely we associate with the protagonists of those stories. Perhaps it's time for a re-think, not just in what issues we highlight, but also whose stories we choose to tell. There lies the bigger, unequal tragedy.The author is a Delhi based Pakistani journalist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17751398", "title": "Rani Durgawati fort: Where women dread to tread", "text": "JABALPUR: Built atop a hillock and surrounded by lush green forest cover and a picturesque pond, Rani Durgawati fort occupies a pride of place in MP tourism brochures selling Jabalpur. However, what the glossy folders don't ever mention is the skewed sex ratio of visitors trudging up the chambers of the fabled Gondwana warrior queen's fort.\"Women, that is good women, emphasizes Ganesh Lodhi, owner of a shanty shop below, are never seen around here. This place, he adds decisively, \"is not meant for them\".And Lodhi is certainly not talking about the reported rape cases alone. This year has seen two gory gang rape cases in this ASI protected monument, committed strangely by the same set of goons. The number is many times more he asserted.\"One does see a girl running down the stairs hysterically or hears an occasional shriek now and then? Any female coming here is inviting trouble,\" he declares. Policemen do patrol the area some times but they never bother to go up. \"There are so many stairs, why blame them,\" giggles Ramkumar Awasthi, a local pujari.At noon, silence around the place is spooky. Maneuvering the never ending flight of stairs, which flatten out and then reappear as suddenly one can hear crickets, stray dogs or catch a fleeting glimpse of wild rabbits before encountering the awkward pair of a teenage girl - her face half covered in a bandej dupatta - and a boy, who looks equally self conscious and scared. The towering rocks around them bear grim messages -\"A girl and boy spotted sitting here would be taken straight to the police station\" reads one. Another painted warning promises a jaloos (procession) of the couple, if caught at the spot. There is one more and yet another along the way.For next five minutes the track is totally deserted before the fort finally materializes. There are a few college students (boys) loitering around the dilapidated stable across the remains of the main fort which has giant rocks for foundation. A huffing and panting Sarojini Sahu is asking her three daughters not to get too adventurous and stick to the group. It is the first time in last 50 years this home maker from Adhar Tal is visiting the fort.\"I was not allowed to,\" she says. When her daughters insisted upon visiting the kila- she collected a little group - hubby, his friends, cousins their children to keep company.The college boys are having fun chasing each in the darkened ruins. It is their first trip says Pawan Dhuwari, a student of Taxila college of engineering, two miles away from the fort. Do girls from his college come here too?The boy looks shocked at the question. \"Why would they? They are well aware of the security risks,\" he declares with a shrug. Not a statement the queen - its original occupant - who gave Mogul army a run for their money way back in 11 century AD, would either comprehend or appreciate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17749386", "title": "'Boy's mother tried hard to revive him'", "text": "PUNE: Satish Walunjkar, a member of the patrolling team, who was the first to reach the spot after the accident, said he had hope that two-year-old Pratyush Akshay Pendse could be saved. But only if he reached hospital in time.Walunjkar made frantic calls to the Urse toll post for an ambulance. The ambulance did arrive in 20 minutes and the boy was rushed to the Lokmanya hospital in Nigdi in just 30 minutes. However, Pratyush could not make it.\"The boy's mother showed great courage as she tried to revive the child. I thought he could have survived. Even the ambulance reached on time,\" said Walunjkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749264", "title": "MP funds' utilization scope widened", "text": "MUMBAI: A year after enhancing the Members of Parliament Local Area Development funds (MPLAD) from Rs 2 core to Rs 5 crore per year, the Centre has now permitted Lok Sabha MPs to recommend eligible works up to Rs 10 lakh per year outside their constituencies and Rajya Sabha MPs outside their states.A year after enhancing the Members of Parliament local area development from Rs two crore to Rs five crore per year, the centre has now permitted the MPs to recommend eligible works upto Rs 10 lakh per year outside the co0nstituency for Lok sabha MPs and outside states for Rajya Sabha MPs.A week ago, when the issue of MPLAD funds was raised in Parliament, minister of state for programme implementation Srikant Jena said that that the entire scheme for utilization of the funds has been revamped, as a result, MPs will be now able to provide better amenities in their constituencies.A week ago, when the issue of MPLAD fund was raised in the parliament, minister of state for programme implementation Srikant Jena had informed the entire scheme for utilisation of the fund has been revamped, as a result, MPs will be able to provide better amenities in their constituencies.A senior bureaucrat said that, according to the revised guidelines, MPs have now been permitted to recommend a maximum of Rs 10 lakh for purchase of tri-cycles and artificial limbs for the physically challenged while ambulances and hearse vans under the district authority or civil surgeon can now be operated through private organizations.Further, MPLAD works can now be implemented in areas affected by man-made calamities like chemical, biological and radiological hazards and permission has been granted for setting up a mobile library for government educational institutions and public libraries.According to a senior bureaucrat, as per the revised guidelines, MPs have been permitted to recommend a maximum of Rs 10 lakh for purchase of tri-cycles and artificial limbs for the physically challenged, ambulanceshearse vans under the district authority or civil surgeon can now be operated through private organisations. Further, MPLADs works can be implemented in areas affected by man-made calamities like chemical, biological and radiological hazards and permission has been granted for setting up a mobile library for government educational institutions and public libraries.The bureaucrat said that funds from the MPLAD scheme can be used for construction of railway halt stations to facilitate boarding and de-boarding of trains for local communities. MPs have also been permitted to recommend books up to Rs 22 lakh for schools, colleges and public libraries.The bureaucrat said funds from the MPLAD scheme can be used for construction of railway halt stations to facilitate the local community for boarding and de-boarding the train and MPs have been permitted to recommend books up to Rs 22 lakh for schools, colleges and public libraries.Besides setting up an MPLAD facilitation centre in the home district, an MP has now been permitted to utilize funds for Yuva Krida, Khel Abhiyan and urban sports infrastructure scheme for creation of durable sports assets. In addition, MPs have been empowered to recommend works under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee scheme.Besides setting up MPLAD facilitation centre in his home district, the MP has been permitted to utilise funds for Yuva krida and Khel abhiyan and urban sports infrastructure scheme for creation of durable sports assets. In addition, MPs has been empowered to recommend works under the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme.Rajya Sabha MP Avinash Pande said the crucial amendment to the MPLAD scheme will go a long way in effective utilization of funds. \"Since the scope of utilization of funds has been widened, we will be able to help all sections of the society. We will be able to create new educational institutions,\" Pande said.Rajya sabha MP Avinash Pande said the crucial amendment to the MPLAD fund scheme will go a long way in effective utilisation of funds. Since the scope of the utilisation of funds has been widened, we will be able to help all sections of the society. We will be able to create new assets educational institutions,'' Pande said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17749297", "title": "Residents will not be allowed on terraces having cellphone towers", "text": "MUMBAI: Terraces that will have new cellphone towers will be out of bounds for residents of those buildings as well as for outsiders, say the new Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC) draft policy. According to the draft policy, a warning board will be put up at the entry of the terrace, explaining the dangers of radiation from the cellphone towers.The BMC is finalizing a new policy in accordance with guidelines from the Union department of telecommunication on installation of cellphone towers. The policy is also being formulated following instructions from the high court. Concerns raised by residents are also being kept in mind while formulating the policy.Since the BMC has been in the process of revising the policy, more than 1,000 applications for new towers are pending. The BMC will not clear the new applications until the revised policy comes into effect.\"The draft will soon be tabled in front of the civic general body and then it will come into force. Until then, no new policy is being cleared,\" said a senior civic official.With residents saying that the guidelines framed by BMC do not take into account the existing cellphone towers, the civic body has written to the DoT seeking directions in cases that are in contradiction to the new policy.The new policy also specifies the safe distance between cellphone tower antennas and the surrounding residential buildings. For two antennas, the safe distance should be 35 m, for four antennas 45 m and for six it should be 55 m.Rajan Mathews, director general of Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), said that by sitting on so many proposals, BMC is denying citizens quality telecom service. \"BMC has framed this policy by misinterpreting the DoT guidelines and there are several mistakes in it,\" said Mathews.The policy also says that if 70 % occupants of a society do not want an already existing tower, BMC will not revalidate it after expiry of the approved period.The guidelines have included children homes to the list of buildings-schools, colleges and hospital buildings-where towers will not be allowed.BJP corporator Vinod Shelar, who played an important role in getting these new rules incorporated in the draft, said, \"With the number of towers increasing, it is BMC's duty to frame stringent norms keeping in mind the hazards of radiations.\" BMC has also increased the deposit from Rs 5000 to Rs 50,000 to be taken from operators before giving them permission to erect cellphone towers.*According to the new draft policy prepared by the BMC, consent of 70% occupants of a housing society or a tenanted building will be needed for permission to instal a cellphone tower*A structural stability certificate will be required from a structural engineer who has a licence from the BMC*In case a building is more than 30 years old, fresh structural certificates will be required after every five years at the time of renewal of proposal*No cellphone tower will be allowed atop school, college, hospital and children home buildings*The deposit an operator pays to put up a cellphone tower has been increased from Rs 5,000 to Rs 50,000*Approvals to instal a tower will be given for a year; operators will have to come for annual revalidation*No more than two cellphone towers will be allowed on the terrace of a building*According to BMC data, there are 3,705 cellphone towers in the city, of which 1,830 are illegal*According to the new draft policy prepared by the BMC, consent of 70% occupants of a housing society or a tenanted building will be needed for permission to instal a cellphone tower*A structural stability certificate will be required from a structural engineer who has a licence from the BMC*In case a building is more than 30 years old, fresh structural certificates will be required after every five years at the time of renewal of proposal*No cellphone tower will be allowed atop school, college, hospital and children home buildings*The deposit an operator pays to put up a cellphone tower has been increased from Rs 5,000 to Rs 50,000*Approvals to instal a tower will be given for a year; operators will have to come for annual revalidation*No more than two cellphone towers will be allowed on the terrace of a building*According to BMC data, there are 3,705 cellphone towers in the city, of which 1,830 are illegal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17750585", "title": "Seminar to discuss quality in college administration system", "text": "Mangalore: To highlight the needs of different aspects of college administration, the Besant Women's College will organize a two-day national seminar on \"Quality: the key factor in administrative reforms in higher education\" at its auditorium from Friday. KT Manjula, principal of Besant Women College, said liberal and open economic policies adopted by developed countries have had their impact on the higher education system across the world. \"Academic merit is essential to reach higher global standards. There is an equal need for administrative capabilities also to meet the international standards,\" she added. During the seminar delegates will throw light on topics like best practices in college administration, the role of institutional assessment in quality enhancement, innovative use of ICT in academic programmes, challenges before higher education, quality in higher education - issues and concerns, and Indian colleges and global competitiveness. MP and chairman of parliamentary standing committee on human resource development Oscar Fernandes will inaugurate the seminar and TC Shivashankara Murthy, Mangalore University VC will be the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17751166", "title": "Notice seeks official status for Roman Konkani", "text": "PANAJI: An organization representing a linguistic group has served a legal notice on Goa government, demanding that the Official Language Act, 1987, be immediately amended to include Konkani in Roman script along with Devnagri script.The group, Romi Lipi Action Front, has specified a deadline of 15 days to the government to propose an amendment to the act, stating that their past efforts in this regard have failed.\"The restriction of Konkani language to only Devanagari script was unconstitutional, ultra vires, illegal and void,\" the notice issued by Aires Rodrigues, a lawyer, to chief secretary stated.The Front has stated that if the government fails to act within a fortnight, it would seek legal recourse to achieve its demand.\"Injustice is being done to Roman script users, though they are entitled to preserve their language and script as per the terms of Article 29 (1) of the Constitution of India,\" Wilson Wilmix Mazarello, Romi Lipi Action Front convener said.The legal notice states, \"The power given under Article 345 of the Constitution to adopt any language does not empower the government to restrict any language to a particular script.\"Chief secretary B Vijayan could not be contacted, but Pakrish Vazrikar, director, official language department, declined to comment on the issue.The issue of a legal notice evoked mixed reaction elsewhere. \"Even Sahitya Academy has approved 'one script, one language' and there is no question of incorporating two scripts for the same language,\" Bhushan Bhave, vice president, Goa Konkani Akademi said.Stating that it is the legal position, he pointed out that the formula of one language and script is prevalent in the country. \"One script has to be supported for a common agenda of development of Konkani and there should be no religious parameter to decide the script,\" he said.The GKA vice-president said he was not against any script and development of Roman script should be a priority.But Fr Pratap Naik, Konkani linguist and researcher said, \"Any language act seeks to safeguard the local people's interest, but in this case, 30% of the population, which is using Roman script, is kept out,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17750797", "title": "Bangalore teens face the worst", "text": "BANGALORE: It could be sheer coincidence , but a report by the State Crime Records Bureau (SCRB) shows that 471 (75%) of women raped in 2011 were 18-year-olds . There is more shock in store for Karnataka : 21 of those raped were below the age of 10.\"Rape has shown an increasing trend during the last three years, from 509 cases in 2009 and 586 cases in 2010 to 636 cases in 2011,'' the report states.Of the 636 rape cases in 2011, Bangalore registered a maximum of 97 cases followed by Mysore (11) and Hubli-Dharwad (7). Of these victims, 471 or 75% were aged around 18; 59 were between 14 and 18 years; 24 between 10 and 14 years; and 21 below 10 years.The analysis of the 97 rapes that occurred in Bangalore in 2011 revealed that over 51% of the accused were relatives and neighbours, 35 (36.08%) were committed by relatives, 15 (15.46%) by neighbours and 47 (48.45%) by unknown persons.Of 608 molestation cases in the state in 2011, 250 happened in Bangalore.However, police claim enhanced social awareness and empowerment of women had resulted in better reportage of rapes. They cite the detection rate, which is over 90%, to prove their claim. However , the conviction rate hovers around just 7%, reflecting poor investigation. Delayed trial is another hindrance.In 2011, the disposal rate of cases involving women was below 22%. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar has assured that he will look into the complaints and set up special courts, if needed.Of 906 police stations in Karnataka, just 10 are women police stations, two in Bangalore and one each in Mysore, Hubli-Dharwad , Belgaum, Gulbarga, Shimoga , Mangalore, Davanagere and Udupi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17749367", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: US asks to continue fight for women's rights", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US today said the gang rape of a student in New Delhi is a powerful and urgent reminder to continue fight against gender-based violence and for women's rights in India and around the world.\"Like so many in India, we were horrified to learn of the recent violent assault on a young woman and her companion in New Delhi,\" State Department spokesperson Patrick Ventrell told PTI.\"Our thoughts and prayers are with the victim and her family,\" he said.\"This incident is a powerful and urgent reminder that we must all continue the fight against gender-based violence and for women's rights in India and around the world,\" Ventrell said in response to a question on the Delhi incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749163", "title": "India, Russia sign defence deals worth Rs 25,000 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Monday inked mega defence deals worth almost Rs 25,000 crore with Russia, including ones for 42 more Sukhoi-30MKI fighters and 71 additional Mi-17 V5 helicopters.Russia has also assured India that \"technical problems\" in the nuclear-powered submarine INS Chakra will soon be sorted out. INS Chakra, the Akula-II class attack submarine leased from Russia for 10 years at a cost of around $1 billion, has been dogged by some technical glitches ever since it was inducted barely a year ago, as was first reported by TOI last week.The new deals, which came at the summit meeting between PM Manmohan Singh and Russian President Vladimir Putin , again reinforce Russia's position as India's largest defence supplier despite fresh challenges being mounted by Israel , France and US.The deals were cleared by the Cabinet Committee on Security last Friday. The 42 new Sukhois, to be produced under licence by defence PSU Hindustan Aeronautics, will add to the 230 Sukhois earlier contracted from Russia. Overall, the price tag for the 272 Sukhois - three of the over 170 inducted till now have crashed - stands at over $12 billion.The medium-lift Mi-17 V5 helicopters (59 for IAF and 12 for home ministry/BSF) will add to the 80 such choppers already being inducted under a $1.34 billion deal inked in 2008.The value of India's defence projects with Russia will further zoom north after the imminent inking of the final design contract for the joint development of a futuristic stealth fifth-generation fighter. This R&D; contract is itself pegged at $11 billion, to be shared equally by the two countries.So, if India inducts over 200 of these 5th Gen fighters, as it hopes to do from 2022 onwards, the overall cost of this gigantic project for India will come to around $35 billion since each of the jets will come for upwards of $100 million at least.India remains unhappy with Russia for not sticking to delivery schedules, jacking up costs midway through execution of agreements, creating hurdles in the ways of transfer of technology and not providing proper product and spares support.India, for instance, has also sought Russia's firm assurance that INS Vikramaditya, the refurbished 44,570-tonne Admiral Gorshkov for which a revised cost of $2.33 billion has been paid, is not delayed beyond the already much-delayed deadline of November 2013.India will not order more than 272 Sukhois but a plan to convert a bulk of them into 'Super Sukhois' in the years ahead with more advanced avionics, weapons and AESA (active electronically scanned array) radars is in the pipeline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17750155", "title": "More punishment: 9 Metro stations stay shut", "text": "NEW DELHI: Private sector workers have to brace for another hard day as the government has decided to keep the nine Metro stations that were shut till late on Monday, closed on Christmas as well.Even as the nine stations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Pragati Maidan, Mandi House, Barakhamba Road, Rajiv Chowk, Khan Market, Race Course, Udyog Bhawan, Central Secretariat and Patel Chowk \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were opened after 9pm on Monday to allow stranded commuters to reach home, people had a harrowing time through the day as the government and the police failed to provide them alternatives.The decision to close the nine busiest stations in central Delhi was aimed to prevent any more large-scale protests on the bus gang rape issue, but it hurt women \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the very people the government claims to be concerned about \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the most.People with offices in central Delhi had to walk long distances as Metro stations in the area were closed. Many Metro users walked to work from Indraprastha and Ramakrishna Marg stations while others tried in vain to figure out bus routes that were altered due to traffic restrictions in the area. Autos either refused to enter central Delhi or charged more than double the routine fare.Forced to disembark at Indraprastha, Ramakrishna Ashram Marg, Jorbagh and Khan Market stations on the Noida, Gurgaon and Badarpur lines, people were left to fend for themselves. There were no traffic policemen to guide them on how to reach office.At the Indraprastha station, Karishma Wahi, a resident of Kaushambi, Ghaziabad said, \"I have waited here for over an hour and a half to figure out a way to reach my office on Barakhamba Road. Since the Rajpath area is also closed, buses are taking different routes. However, there is nobody to help us out with the new bus routes, and autos are not going to central Delhi\".Shalini Seth, who was also stranded at the station, said, \"Police and the government should have made arrangements for commuters who are stuck at Metro stations\". The Hari Nagar resident added that: \"While the whole nation is debating security arrangements for women, such mismanagement is adding to the woes of hundreds of women today\".Exit gates 5 and 6 at Rajiv Chowk station were opened for a few minutes around 11am to let out stranded commuters. Many commuters risked rides in private vehicles and goods carriers while others took a day off from work and returned home.The simultaneous closure of Rajpath and India Gate, also threw road traffic out of gear. Roads around the entire India Gate circle and Raisina Hill were cordoned off. A heavy police presence was maintained and barricades were placed at Parliament Street, Rajpath, Vijay Chowk and other roads leading to the central areas of Delhi. Jams were reported from Deen Dayal Upadhyay Marg, Minto Road, Pragati Maidan, ITO junction, Nizamuddin Bridge, Chanakyapuri, Mathura Road, Khan Market and Barakhamba Road.Prathan, a lawyer travelling from Gurgaon to Chanakyapuri, said, \"I am getting late for office. I had to reach by 9.30am and it's 10.30am now; auto drivers are over charging. I heard that they are letting people out from the Rajiv Chowk and Central Secretariat stations, but I wasn't allowed to leave even after showing my ID card. The shutdown was not announced. When the government provides us no alternative, it's an administrative failure.\"Divya Jain, a resident of Preet Vihar, said, \"Just because the government cannot handle the protests, it has decided to close down half the city without a thought for the general public. Even if I manage to reach my office at Mandi House now, I know that the return trip in the evening will be a nightmare\".At Jor Bagh Metro station, people voiced their anger against the administration. Shivali, a government servant who had to travel from Delhi University to Udyog Bhawan, said, \"I work for this government. If they knew that all the Metro stations towards central Delhi will remain shut, they should have made proper arrangements to avoid the inconvenience to people. Buses are crowded and after the recent gang rape, women feel more vulnerable in public transport. Most of the government offices and ministries are located in central Delhi; they should have announced a government holiday if they anticipated such a situation.\"\"If I don't get an auto for 20 more minutes, I'll probably return home. It's my first day as a law intern under a lawyer and I won't be able to reach,\" said Drishti.In the evening, Supriya Jain, who works near Patel Chowk and lives in Hauz Khas, waited for almost an hour to get a bus to Jor Bagh, the nearest functioning Metro station. \"The autos have doubled fares and the buses are overcrowded. Why are they shutting down Metro stations if they want women to be safe? I have to pick up my daughter from her day-care centre which will close in another 20 minutes\".The closure of Rajiv Chowk station also affected people's Christmas shopping plans. \"Today I planned to go shopping in CP for Christmas. But now I don't know how I will return home when the central stations are not working,\" said Jasmine Harmison. She paid Rs 200 for an auto from Patel Chowk to New Delhi Metro station.Tina Verma, an LIC agent who drops her son at National School of Drama in the morning and picks him up in the evening, had a hard time commuting. \"In the morning, I paid Rs 100 from New Delhi to Mandi House. Now I have to pick him up at 5pm. But I am stuck here at Indraprastha. Autos are charging Rs 100-150 for Mandi House. The buses are so crowded that I haven't been able to board.\"Kalkaji resident Monica Bachchan, who works at Barakhamba Road, walked all the way to ITO, hoping to catch an auto or a bus. \"The government's decision is unfair. I have already walked for 45 minutes. I have no clue how I will reach Kalkaji.\"(Inputs from Isha Banerjee and Tejaswi Khurana)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17749696", "title": "Government clampdown shuts down Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after thousands of young people were evicted from India Gate and Rajpath with water cannons, teargas and lathis, police cordoned off the entire area to prevent protesters from returning. All access roads to New Delhi's central vista were closed, creating massive traffic chaos as arterial routes such as Mathura Road and Minto Road got choked with vehicles.The lockdown of the heart of the city was complete with Delhi Metro 'indefinitely' shutting nine stations in order to prevent protesters from assembling. Dense morning fog and the movement of Russian president Vladimir Putin added to the chaos. With chartered buses too staying off the roads in protest against \"police high-handedness\", tens of thousands of commuters struggled to reach their destinations while others were forced to return home.Christmas day is going to be no better as the nine Metro stations will be shut on Tuesday as well. The stations - Pragati Maidan, Mandi House, Barakhamba Road, Rajiv Chowk, Khan Market, Race Course, Udyog Bhawan, Central Secretariat and Patel Chowk - are among the city's busiest. They were opened for a few hours after 9pm on Monday to allow stranded commuters to get home.According to a Delhi Police post on a social networking site late on Monday night, \"Restriction of traffic movement at India Gate has been lifted. It is open for traffic. The buses diverted from Mathura Road can take normal route.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17749888", "title": "No festive relief for starving sailors stuck on ill-fated ship", "text": "CHENNAI: While the two Italian marines facing murder charges have been allowed to go home for Christmas, the festival did not bring any such relief for 29 Indian sailors stuck aboard an abandoned ship off the Chennai coast without food and water.M T Pratibha Warna, a sister vessel of the beached oil tanker M T Pratibha Cauvery, has been anchored off the Chennai port since October 7. With the owner stopping supplies, the ship is fast running out of provisions and fuel. The crew members say they haven't even been paid salaries for months. While the Italian marines, arrested for killing Indian fishermen off the Kerala coast, will get to spend Christmas with their dear ones, the Indian sailors won't even be unable to come ashore.The sailors sent an SOS to the shipping authorities and the owner last week and even threatened to abandon the vessel. But so far, no help has been forthcoming. The crew members said whatever diesel left in the ship wouldn't even be enough to start the motors.\"We are facing a mutiny-like situation aboard. Many of us are highly frustrated and depressed. Some of us need immediate medical help,\" a sailor told TOI over phone.Sailors said if the authorities didn't act now, they would have to lower the life boats and reach the shore. However, a port official said such an act could prove fatal. \"Any attempt to abandon the vessel will be dangerous as the vessel is two nautical miles away from the coast and they will face a rough sea and heavy winds,\" he said.\"While the Centre has given its nod for allowing the two Italian marines to go home, it's not doing justice to Indian sailors,\" said Manoj Joy, coordinator of Sailors Helpline.Senior officials at the directorate general of shipping said the vessel had been declared \"unseaworthy\" and its safety certifications had expired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17750040", "title": "Obama honours Indian-American pioneer of lasik eye surgery", "text": "WASHINGTON: \"The only way for a scientist to become famous is continue living long enough,\" Dr Rangaswamy Srinivasan chortles over the phone. \"You know they don't award Nobel Prizes to dead people.\"Not that \"Doc Srini\" isn't already renowned for his work on excimer lasers that led to the now-common lasik eye surgery. This is not the Nobel, but it ranks high in the American researchers' scroll of awards. The National Medal for Technology and Innovation, for which President Obama named him this week, is the icing on a cake laden with honors. The former IBM researcher, now in retirement in New York at 83, is the only scientist of Indian-origin celebrated in the US National Inventors' Hall of Fame in Akron, Ohio , alongside such legends as Thomas Edison, Henry Ford , Samuel Morse, and Wright brothers, to name a few.Awards and recognition came thick and fast in the 1990s after Dr Srinivasan had toiled for half a century in the US, including three decades in the only job he ever held at IBM, the legendary company that had so many Indians scientists working at its facility that it was jokingly dubbed India-Born Migrants Co. It was here that Doc Srini discovered in the 1990s that an ultraviolet excimer laser could etch living tissue in a precise manner with no thermal damage to the surrounding area.He named the phenomenon Ablative Photodecomposition (APD), and in the years since, ophthalmic surgeons have refined it to arrive at the corrective eye surgery generically called Lasik (which stands for Laser Assisted In-Situ Keratomileusis) to the benefit of millions of short-sighted people worldwide.\"The last decade has been quiet after the excitement of the 90s,\" Dr Srinivasan said in a telephone interview on Sunday with TNN. \"Then suddenly there was this call from the White House ...\"In his citation that honored eleven researchers with the Technology and Innovation medals, including for Dr Srinivasan's teammates Dr Samuel Blum and Dr James Wynne, President Obama said \"They represent the ingenuity and imagination that has long made this nation great - and they remind us of the enormous impact a few good ideas can have when these creative qualities are unleashed in an entrepreneurial environment.\"Indeed, that is pretty much how it happened, although not in a way that turned Dr Srinivasan into the normative American multi-millionaire inventor. In a 2003 interview with this correspondent, Doc Srini described a family pack full of geeks and gearheads (his grand-nephew Krishna Bharat is a principal scientist at Google and his brother R.Narasimhan is a distinguished scientist at TIFR) who worked for the joy of discovery not the pleasures of money.After he hit on the idea of using an excimer laser on organic matter while dawdling over a turkey bone at Thanksgiving , Dr Srinivasan handed over the technology to IBM's T.J. Watson Research Center, for an award he recalls was in the region of $ 10,000. IBM in turned sold the patents for $ 15 million. \"That was pretty much how we worked those days,\" he recalled. \"Between money and recognition, it was always the recognition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17749938", "title": "Distress helpline 1090 to be ready by New Year", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Women residents of Noida and Ghaziabad will get a new sense of security from the New Year as the state authorities have finally ironed out difficulties in dialing the recently launched Women Powerline, a four digit helpline for those is distress.The anomalies obstructing the helpline were resolved in a meeting between DIG Lucknow Navneit Sikera and senior police officers of Noida and Ghaziabad and officials of Department of Telecom as well as various local and nodal tele-service operators.Sikera said that the DoT has issued a written direction to BSNL, MTNL and other service providers to resolve all issues pertaining to overlapping of the telecom circuits of Noida and Ghaziabad with Delhi at the earliest.\"The service operators along with BSNL and MTNL will have another meeting in a few days regarding the matter. They have promised us that the services of Women Powerline will be made available in the two cities by the New Year,\" Sikera said.The Women Powerline number 1090, launched by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in November, is already quite a hit among women in the rest of the state, but residents of Noida and Ghaziabad could not avail its services since the telecom circuits for the two cities overlap with that of Delhi. If a call was made from a landline number in Noida or Ghaziabad to 1090, it would not get connected. Calls made from mobile phones got diverted to the Delhi Police 'Inform a Crime' helpline that shares the same number.\"We will be in touch with telecom operators to ensure that the helpline is operational soon,\" said Ghaziabad SP S S Yadav.Since the helpline's launch, over 4,000 distressed women from across the state have availed its assistance.The Ghaziabad and Noida police will also launch a series of promotional steps to ensure that women in the two cities are made aware of the Powerline and are encouraged to use it in times of distress.\"The Women Powerline is a first of its kind in the country. A uniform four digit number is applicable across the state. It is manned by women police personnel and identity of the caller is never revealed. The helpline acts as an essential deterrent and also keeps a constant watch on offenders through linking the complaint database with the Intelligence Department,\" he said. \"We are thus very keen to ensure that women from across the state are able to avail the services of the Powerline,\" Sikera said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17749915", "title": "Nithari killings: Fifth death sentence for Koli", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A special CBI court in Ghaziabad on Monday awarded the death penalty to 40-year-old Surinder Koli, prime accused in the 2006 Nithari serial killings, for raping and murdering a five-year old girl in 2005. This is the fifth capital punishment that has been given to Koli with the first four cases adjudicated by the sessions court in Ghaziabad.Special Judge S Lal awarded Koli a life sentence in another case and also slapped a fine of Rs 10,000. Additional sentences of 7 years and 10 years rigorous imprisonments under Sections 201 and 376/511 of IPC have also been awarded to the accused along with a fine of Rs 5,000 for each sentence. The court has also ordered that Koli be imprisoned for another 4 months if he fails to pay the fines.Pronouncing the sentence against Koli, Justice Lal observed that \"he (Koli) had cut dead bodies and eaten flesh. This sort of behaviour is rarely seen in criminals.\" He further said \"the victims' soul may come to rest in peace if death penalty is awarded as this accused has no possibility of rehabilitation.\" Of the 19 cases of abduction, rape and murder, the CBI has filed chargesheets in 16 Nithari cases.In the latest conviction, the five-year-old girl was strangled to death and her body dumped in a drain. The victim was playing outside Pandher's house at D-5, Sector 31 in Noida on June 4, 2005 when she went missing between 5-6pm. Her father, a sweeper, later filed a missing person's complaint at Sector 20 police station. Residents of Nithari said that Monday's sentence was a relief as justice was finally being done.Nearly six years ago, people across the country were horrified when Noida Police unearthed skeletons of children and young women from a drain next to Maninder Singh Pandher's bungalow in Noida.Both Pandher and Koli have been accused of killing young children and women. They were arrested on December 29, 2006. Koli confessed to killing several victims, including the minor girl, and discarding their body parts and belongings in the backyard and inside the drain near the house.On February 13, 2009, the duo was sentenced to death in the first verdict in the Nithari killings. However, Pandher was acquitted by the Allahabad high court on September 11, 2011. On May 12, 2010, Koli was sentenced to death for the second time. On September 27, 2010, he was sentenced for the rape and murder of another nine-year-old. The fourth sentence came on December 21, 2010 for the murder of a 12-year-old girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17750328", "title": "23-yr-old realtor stabbed to death by rivals in Golconda", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed in Golconda area after a 23-year-old realtor was stabbed to death allegedly by rivals on Monday night.The victim was identified as Mohammed Nawaz from Chota Bazaar in Golconda.At around 8 pm, six assailants attacked Nawaz with knives in the Chota Bazaar market area. \"Nawaz suffered multiple stab injuries in the stomach and died on the spot,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Asifnagar, T Nagaraj Kumar said.According to police, there was a long-standing rivalry between Nawaz and another businessman from the same locality, Chaoos, over some financial issues. The victim's family alleged that Nawaz was murdered by Chaoos and his brothers, including Ilyas.The suspects are absconding and police have launched a man-hunt to nab them.Following the murder, angry family members and friends of the victim tried to barge into the suspect's house.Police prevented their attempt and intensified patrolling in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17750674", "title": "OPTCL ties up with central power PSU", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Power Grid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL) and the Odisha Power Transmission Corporation Limited (OPTCL) signed an agreement to float a joint venture company for taking up electricity transmission projects in Odisha.The joint venture company between the central transmission utility and the state transmission utility will be registered before January 5, said energy secretary P K Jena, during a function to sign the pact.PGCIL's executive director Arun Kumar and OPTCL's director (finance) B P Mohapatra signed the agreement in the presence of energy minister Arun Sahu and chairman-cum-managing director of PGCIL R N Nayak.Sahu said is this the first such joint venture of its kind in the country.Both companies would have equal (50:50) shareholding in the joint venture and also equal number of directors in the board. The new company will help strengthen and expedite implementation of transmission system in Odisha and in the initial phase shall take up projects worth around Rs 2000 crore, an official release said.Official sources said an estimated Rs 10,000 crore to Rs 12,000 crore would be needed to improve the state's power transmission sector during the 12th five-year plan period (2012-17) as Odisha's electricity requirement could touch 6000 mega watt.Five new power generation units are scheduled to go on steam by 2014, sources said, emphasizing the need to quickly get the transmission apparatus ready.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17750049", "title": "Parks will stay open all day", "text": "CHENNAI: In a move that is sure to gladden the hearts of thousands of residents, parks in the city will soon be open throughout the day, from 5am to 8pm. The decision is expected to be approved by the Chennai Corporation council at its meeting on Thursday through a resolution.Some corporation officials said the decision to extend the timings of the parks followed requests from several residents' welfare associations and others over several days urging the corporation to keep the parks open for longer than usual to help them relax, particularly during the power cuts. At present, parks maintained by the corporation are open only for nine hours - from 5am to 10am and from 4pm to 8pm.Many residents are happy with the corporation's plan. \"Many of us were not able to use these parks because of the timings. It's good that the civic body has finally decided to extend the timings. We will now able to visit a park whenever we want, especially during the power cuts,\" said Kumar Shekar a resident of T Nagar who works in Tidel Park.Some corporation officials said they expected the number of visitors to the various parks to increase. A senior official said: \"We hope many more people will utilize this opportunity and spend more time in parks.\"A few regular park-goers have even suggested that the civic body keep them open till 10pm. \"Chennai is much safer than any other city. But I don't know why the authorities are not interested in providing such facilities for local residents and visitors. The civic body should at least open all these parks till 10pm\" said S Leela, who walks regularly in the famous Panagal Park in T Nagar.Others said the civic body should provide better illumination at the parks and post an adequate number of security guards. P Sudhakar, Joint Director of the CPR Environmental Education Centre and a researcher in green spaces, said: \"It's good the corporation has finally decided to extend the timings of the parks. But they should also take steps to keep the parks free from all anti-social elements and encroachments.\"While some corporation officials said steps had been taken to improve security at parks, others said the parks department faced a shortage of staff and was ill-equipped. \"The construction and maintenance of parks is the responsibility of the zonal offices,\" said a senior official in the parks department. \"We are unable to monitor the parks closely. A huge shortage of staff is also hampering the work.\"Another official said the lack of a proper system to monitor parks had resulted in most green spaces in the city turning into weed-infested dens for anti-social elements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17751292", "title": "Thousands throng Padri Ki Haveli", "text": "PATNA: The winter chill has set in and the Yuletitide spirit is all around. The Christmas midnight mass witnessed a long serpentine queue of both Christians and non-Christians, seeking the blessings of Christ, at Padri Ki Haveli.Constructed on the main thoroughfare of the Patna Saheb area initially in 1713, the church, with its sprawling compound spreading right up to Ganga, finally started functioning in 1772.Almost 70 feet in length, 40 feet wide and 50 feet in height, this magnificent monument was designed by Tirreto, the Venetian architect. \"The church has withstood many attacks following which ancient records kept inside were destroyed. It also suffered an attack during the revolt of 1857,\" said its chief priest Father Pascal. As the huge wrought-iron gates swing open at the oldest church of Bihar , also known as St Mary's Church, one is left staring in wonder at the finest spectacle of white columns of the Gothic architecture, standing tall as silent sentinels, telling a story of centuries withered by a unique edifice in Bihar.The celebrations got underway with the annual community carol service on Sunday last. \"We go along with the church choir to people's homes everyday at 4pm to sing carols,\" said the chief priest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17750538", "title": "Residents lap up merry delights", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The markets are flooded with an array of Christmas goodies, ranging from exotic bakery items to clothes and decorative gift items. Cake shops in the city are offering yummy Christmas delights. A bakery in Sector 8 has a variety of delectable cakes including plum cakes with icing, carrot and English fruit cakes besides date and walnut ones. Chocolate and oat cookies and baklava that are specialities at this time of the year are also on offer.Another bakery at Sector 9 has ginger breadman houses and cookies which are flying off the shelves for Christmas feasts. Sakshi Munjal, a student, exclaims, \"I love the blueberry tart and the chocolate yule log cake from a Sector 8 bakery. I buy these every year.\"A gift gallery in Sector 11 has stocked on a number of colourful, glittering toys and gift items. The shop has beautiful display of a gigantic toy Santa Claus. Neeti, a college professor says, \"I am here to buy Santa snow globes and also Christmas tree caps for my nephews.\" Mansi, 3, who is here from America to celebrate Christmas chirps, \"I have bought a fairy dress with wings for the Christmas party this year.\"At an accessory store in Sector 11 many decorative items like bells, Santa masks and caps are on offer. Aakanksha Khandelwal, student of MCM College says, \"I am buying a red coat for my best friend. Red coats and dresses in the same colour sell like hot cakes at this time of the year and every girl wants one in her wardrobe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17749310", "title": "Beyond the anger", "text": "Enough is clearly enough. The anger we saw spill out on the streets of Delhi was an organic act of intensely felt outrage. A spontaneous movement without any leaders or political affiliation, it is a sign that something has finally given way. The idea of living in constant fear, and having to make do with the platitudes of those in charge is no longer going to be met with stoic indifference. The reaction of the state reveals the poverty of its perspective. To lathicharge a largely non-violent protest several times and then to clamp down prohibitory orders to prevent the protests from taking place is an act of violent suppression, and comes from an ingrained instinct to convert the protest into the problem.And yet, when it comes to this specific incident, the quality of policing was not really the key problem. A bus that shows no sign of trouble at a reasonable hour at night has no reason to be stopped or inspected; without reasonable suspicion or any hint of trouble, the police cannot be expected to anticipate an incident of this kind. And while this was clearly not the time to gloat about it, the police action after the event has been swift. If the problem was confined to Delhi or was principally about increasing safety levels on buses, it would have been possible to take specific steps and improve the situation. The problem however, is a much larger one, and resides in a much more complex ecosystem.The call for death penalty or the demand for fast-track courts for such crimes needs to be understood in this context. From the perspective of citizens, the need to mirror the enormity of the problem with the severity of the punishment is easy to sympathise with. But it should be read as a sign of a larger disenchantment rather than responded to literally. It is easy to confuse the 'bigness' of the solution with its effectiveness; in this case isolated actions will not solve a problem as deeply rooted as this one . The problem cannot be defined through the filter of rape alone; it is a much larger issue that involves the way in which women are viewed and responded to. The belief is that any woman on the streets is fair game; the only question seems to be whether that viewpoint stops at fantasising, passing lewd comments or actually taking any action, be it in the form of molestation or rape. The apparent harmlessness of 'eve-teasing' that gets taken in one's stride opens the door to an escalating spiral of violence. The kind of policing that is required is not retrospective, but which creates a general air of lawfulness where any infraction, however minor, is punished with a predictable degree of regularity.It is instructive that on the first night after the event, a television reporter reporting the incident was propositioned on camera by a group of car-borne youth who showed no fear of being filmed . The news channel tracked some of them down; the mother in one instance pleaded on behalf of the son, but the boys themselves seemed unfazed. It was as if they sensed that there would face no consequences of any kind from either from the administration or even from their peers. This is the greatest tragedy of it all - when such behaviour gets implicit social sanction for it means that we are dependent on the law alone, that society has withdrawn its mechanisms for keeping behaviour in check. If there are no social consequences for an illicit action, only legal hurdles, then the problem of morality turns into an opportunity of convenience.The problem cannot be divorced from the larger culture we are a part of. The films that we see, the celebrities we ogle, the thrall of consumerist bodies in slow motion, all crackling with pornographic electricity. The privileging of desire and its presentation as a self-justifying need helps create a climate when all that is desired becomes an object that can be bought through money or overwhelmed through power. The more women assert themselves as individuals, the greater the need to subdue them. The traditional anxiety about women gets amplified into need for domination and possession aided by a false sense of easy access that modern notions of consumerism foster.The democratisation of desire is accompanied by the legitimisation of lust. The neat and largely imagined distinction between the 'criminal type' and the 'law-abiding citizen' has blurred significantly. The sense that anyone can be the next murderer or rapist serves to create a widespread sense of insecurity. Conversely, the policing mechanism, far from becoming available to all, is retreating into becoming the private army of the powerful. An underlying sense of unease, of the fear that the powerful can not only get away with anything, but do so with impunity is palpable. The media plays the game at both ends, at one level creating the climate of desire while simultaneously engaging in shrill criticism after the event.As a result, a sense of anarchy and hysteria feed on each other. Debates are fierce but narrow, angry but unproductive. The system is too well entrenched to change, nor is it really pushed to. In asking for special measures to counter this problem, we are in effect acknowledging that the system as it exists cannot deliver. Without fundamental and systemic changes across the spectrum of the administration - Parliament, elections, bureaucracy, police and judiciary - and without engaging in a larger societal dialogue, a problem of this kind can no longer be tackled. This is not a particularly comforting thought, for it tells that no easy answers exist but the time has come to go beyond symbolic steps and demand wholesale change. It is time to look beyond the anger, beyond the apparent demands being made in this case and focus on pushing the system to transform itself - in its entirety.santoshdesai1963@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17750494", "title": "Wrath pours on web", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhianvis have taken the web route to vent their ire against the police lathicharge on those protesting against the gang rape of a 23-year-old girl, on Sunday. Social networking sites are flooded with comments from city residents which strongly decry the police action on peaceful protesters.Taking a dig at the cops, a city industrialist Ranjot Singh writes on Facebook, \"When the wise get foolish, he acts more foolish than a fool. What's the police for? To hurl canons of water and tear gas shells on thousands of protesters or to protect the innocent girl who is brutally tortured. I wonder if we are living in free India?\"He adds, \"The crime that happened on December 17 has shaken the faith in the whole system of governance. Who is to be blamed? Our education system or the family and moral values that have eroded to such an extent that we are witnessing butchers' bloodbath. It's shocking to know that this crime took place in the 'posh' areas of the national capital, which should be well-protected and guarded.\" Puneet Arora, a young businessman, has posted on FB - All bow to the government which treats rapists as a son- in-law and innocent people protesting peacefully r being thrown away n been treated as terrorists.. #shame.\"In a stern response to the police action, Sumit Palta, a student , writes, \"In India Gate since the last 3 days and no response yet by govt although they took stupid actions against people who support her.......!! Really feel shame to be an indian. not proud for being Indian.\"Priti Vohra, a dentist of Civil Lines, says, \"Let the world cum to an end tomorrow..a world where women are not respected...doesn't deserve to exist... its cursed to be damned.\" Industrialist Vijay Arora posted, \"Are you PM of Walmarts and Tescos of the world, for whom you come on national TV and address the nation for 20 minutes, and the youth is braving water cannons, lathi charges, tear gas shells....while you slumber away to glory. Regards. Helpless mango man of a banana republic...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751462", "title": "Grandmaster happy for the Master Blaster", "text": "INDORE: Five-time world champion Vishwanathan Anand believes that Sachin Tendulkar's decision of retiring from the shorter format of cricket must have been an emotional choice. He said he was happy for Sachin real;ilsing his dream of a World Cup victory before hanging his boots.Anand was in Indore for a day to launch the NIIT Mind Champions' Academy at Global Indian International School on Monday, here.\"I believe that many Indian chess players are now making their presence felt at the international scene,\" he said adding there are many budding players who can make it big at the highest level. \"Couple of my tournaments did not really go my way, but I expect to perform better the next year\", said the Grandmaster (GM).Anand said he is willing to extend his support if the governments in other states, on lines with Tamil Nadu and Gujarat, make chess a compulsory sport at school-level. \"If the government of Madhya Pradesh too takes a decision in this regard, it would have my full support,\" he assured.The 43-year-old has a tight schedule next year with almost seven tournaments till July. And the World Chess Championships is coming up in October-November.Reacting to IOA's ( Indian Olympic Association) suspension, Anand said the ban is unlikely to affect the sportspersons. Setting aside the news of his retirement, the GM said it was just rumour.The Grandmaster played chess with the NIIT mind champion academy's Chess Master 2012, Govind Ganesh, 10, from Kochi and awarded him a trophy on the occassion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17751424", "title": "Radiology meet: Experts to present 450 research papers", "text": "INDORE: Under the banner of Indian Radiological and Imaging Association, five-day international conference IRIA-2013 will be organized in Indore. All of 265 national and international speakers will take part in the conference scheduled to start from January 3.Dr O P Tiwari, chairman, IRIA 2013 and Dr R K Sodani, organizing secretary said Indore is hosting the conference after 39 years. The conference will be inaugurated by governor Ram Naresh Yadav. On this occasion, industry minister Kailash Vijaywargiya will be present as a special guest. Dr Shantnu Maitra, chief coordinator of the conference, said main purpose to organize this conference in the state, especially in the city, is to arrange radiology facilities at local level. To avail better health facilities, patients of the states are still going to Delhi, Hyderabad or Chennai. It is essential to improve technical and intellectual level so that we can provide better facilities here. The conference will also raise awareness. It is essential to become aware of best techniques and latest machines are being used in foreign countries.Dr Nirmal Lakhotiya, joint organizing secretary and Dr Santosh Gandhi said during five-day long conference, 200 national and 65 international speakers will participate. They delivered lectures on various diseases and their treatments. During the conference, 7 workshops will be conducted, 350 lecturers will be delivered and 450 research papers will be read. Apart from this, a poster exhibition will be organized in which more than 400 posters will be displayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17751447", "title": "'Authorities disconnected from citizens\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "AURANGABAD: A large number of protesters from the Students Federation of India, Democratic Youth Federation of India and the Teachers' Association took out a rally from Deogiri College on Monday to express their outrage over the gang-rape of a 23-year-old woman in New Delhi. Protesters raised slogans, demanding justice to the girl and stringent punishment to the culprits.\"The police claim that we need permission to enter Ramlila Maidan. Why do we need permission? Nobody takes any permission while attacking and harassing women. Citizens are there to express their anger, hurt and outrage,\" said a student protester, Ramesh Joshi.The protests, which saw spontaneous participation by men and women of different age-groups, demanded not just a comprehensive law to deal with rape but a radical change in the attitude of the authorities who blames the act on the victims. Tanuja Khosre, a student demanded fast track court for rape cases.Expressing anguish over the lathi charge, use of water cannons and tear gas against the protestors in the capital, Shreya Kotgire, Abhiman Bhosale and Shalini Bodke demanded a halt to police atrocities on protestors. \"Whenever the farmers, students and citizens come out to protest they get beaten up. The home minister says they cannot go and meet everyone when such a sensitive issue is raised. But they can go door-to-door during election campaign.\"\"People are not reacting to just one rape case. They are reacting to the general malaise, the frustration with the leadership. There is a feeling that the leadership is completely disconnected,\" said Narayan Zade and Mangesh Tupe.The protesters, predominantly college students and also housewives and children, demanded more steps from the authorities to ensure safety of women - particularly better policing. A few of them even wanted death penalty for the culprits.\"It's time that the government takes the bull by the horns and makes this country safe for women. Be it better policing or penalizing offenders. Out of fear, girls have stopped coming to schools and colleges. Is this the way we are building our nation?\" asked Jyoti Sontakke, a student.Protesters said they would continue to demonstrate until they get firm assurances from the government.\"Until and unless the government understands the pulse of the people and imposes strict action against these criminals, we will not relent,\" said Sunil Rathod, district president, SFI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17749509", "title": "For a spiritual beginning to New Year", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Hundreds of delegates from across the country and NRIs from United States will be participating in a special discourse for soul enrichment, starting from the eve of Christmas and till the beginning of New Year, to start 2013 in a nobler way. The week-long event is being organized in Kangra town, 20 kms from here.The discourse, organized together by some intellectuals and social workers, has been a regular event since 1995, aiming to initiate spiritually literate New Year resolutions. \"We begin the New year in a unique manner. Participants gather here to tune their mind with divine consciousness through meditational practices and learn tips to live a healthy life ahead. Renowned mentors and healers from the country and outside will arrive here to deliver lectures on these subjects. Our services are free of cost for the society,\" said Vijay Kumar, one of the main organizers of the event.Inaugurating the introductory session on Monday, Kangra deputy commissioner K R Bharti assured cooperation from the government for successful completion of the event. \"This is an ultimate celebration of Christmas and New year. People should follow this practice rather than indulging in other forms of celebrations,\" he said.\"Life is beautiful and good health is not just about eating healthy and exercising. It also includes positive mental health , healthy self image and healthy lifestyle. During this session we would be exploring the essence of philosophies and commentaries on Hinduism,\" said Chanderhash Sharma, former dean at Lal Bahadur Shastri Rashtriya Sanskrit Vidyapeeth, Delhi. Along with lectures on varied subjects like Bhagwad Gita, yoga , renowned classical singers would also perform during the event. Also, authors, healers and environment lovers would share their views with the gathering.\"Every year I come here for this special discourse and unique start to New Year. I find it a very suitable way to begin the New Year with full force and positive motivation,\" said Nitin Sharma, a renowned classical singer from Mumbai, who usually visits various countries on white passport to represent Indian music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "17751342", "title": "One killed, five hurt after brawl at 'baraat' party", "text": "BHAGALPUR: In a shocking incident, one 'baraati' was killed and five others injured during a wedding procession near LIC Colony in Bahadurpur locality of the town on Sunday when a drunken baraati intentionally ran over a vehicle on fellow 'baraatis' following a dispute on the issue of playing songs that weren't of his choice by the orchestra-cum-disc jockey group accompanying the wedding procession.Police said, the wedding procession of Uttam Paswan of Bahadurpur area was on its way to the bride's place at Sirhighat locality of Barari. Baraatis were dancing and rejoicing to the tune of catchy numbers being played by the orchestra group.As the procession moved forward and reached near the LIC colony, a brawl occurred between the members of the 'baraat' party, most of them in inebriated condition, on the issue of playing of some choice songs by the orchestra group. One Satto Paswan tried to dictate the band party to change the song and play another song of his choice. Satto's diktat was opposed by other members and a brawl ensued between the 'baraatis' that got divided between two groups. Soon after, Satto left the procession to return along with some other persons in a speeding vehicle. He knocked the members of 'baraat' party and run-over the vehicle after some fell down. Altogether six persons were hit by the vehicle. A severely injured adolescent boy Suman Paswan (16) ,died at the hospital while five others - Prashant Kumar, Rajkumar Paswan, Shrawan Kumar, Phantoosh and Rajesh received injuries. Two persons who had received minor injuries were released by the local hospital after first-aid in the night itself, while others are being treated at Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College Hospital, police said.Sitting inside the vehicle were Bundelia Paswan, Bumbum Paswan, besides some others along with the main perpetrator of the crime, Satto, police said. Rohit Kumar Singh, station house officer (SHO) of Zero Mile police station said all parties concerned including the deceased belonged to Bahadurpur and nearby locality. \"We have registered a case,\" the SHO said, adding the vehicle had been seized while hunt is on to arrest the accused.SSP K S Anupam said it was an extremely shocking incident and police officials have been asked to arrest the guilty immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "17751013", "title": "Eshwarappa\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s houses raided, Rs 11 lakh seized", "text": "SHIMOGA: Lokayukta sleuths on Monday raided properties of deputy chief minister and party state president K S Eshwarappa and seized Rs 10.9 lakh in cash, 1.9kg gold and 37kg silver.Searches were conducted at eight places in Bangalore and Shimoga, a cement dealership unit, two education institutions and the Shimoga residence of his close aide N Somasekhar.Complaint started KSE's troublesThe Lokayukta raids on deputy chief minister K S Eshwarappa's house follows a complaint by an advocate.A Shimoga court on December 15 ordered an investigation into a complaint filed by advocate B Vinod. The complainant alleged that Eshwarappa, his son Kanthesh K E and daughter-in-law Shalini have amassed wealth disproportionate to their known sources of income. Lokayukta police registered a case and took up the investigation.Lokayukta police led by SP Lingareddy and his six teams raided the properties early Monday. Eshwarappa had set out on a tour in Koppal district at the time of the raid.Sleuths found Eshwarappa's Bangalore residence in Vasanthnagar locked. When the officers said they don't rule out sealing the house, one of Eshwarappa's personal assistants rushed in to hand the house keys.In Shimoga, the teams raided the house of Mandi Mahesh, a close relative of Eshwarappa, and stamp vendor Ravikumar, who helped Eshwarappa register various properties purchased by him in the city. The teams are reported to have seized property-related documents from them.Similarly, raids were conducted on Eshwarappa's brother-in-law's house on Ashoka Road, Shimoga.Meanwhile, the cry for his scalp got shriller with opposition parties demanding his resignation. JD(S) Shimoga district unit held a protest and demanded action against Eshwarappa. The party urged him to resign forthwith on moral grounds in order to allow free and fair investigation.After the case was filed, he had last week dismissed suggestions for his resignation from the Cabinet, noting that the probe was ordered based on a private complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-25"}
