{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "14817500", "title": "Six militants lay down arms at Jairampur", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Six militants, four from NSCN (K), one each from the NDFB and Ulfa laid down arms at the 18 Assam Rifles base camp at Jairampur in Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh on Tuesday.The surrendered militants were identified as self-styled private Hokato Sema, Nongya Langching, Limnong Mossang and corporal Panba Wangsu of the NSCN (K), Bijoy Basumatary (NDFB) and Bhaben Hazarika of the Ulfa's anti-talks faction. They surrendered three 9 mm pistols, two 7.65 mm pistols, a .38 revolver and 2.9 kg of RDX.Brigadier Paritosh Pant, the commander of 25 sector Assam Rifles, who oversaw the surrender, said security forces have succeeded in creating a secure environment in Arunachal Pradesh's Changlang district and nearby areas by their relentless and sustained operation against militants groups. He also assured proper rehabilitation of the surrendered militants and appealed to the insurgents groups to abjure violence and join the mainstream. The superintendent of police (Changlang) BK Singh was also present during the surrender ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14810541", "title": "Cry me a river", "text": "Sobbing storms the world of tennisPDAs, give way to the new vogue. It's PDW - or public display of weeping - as evidenced at the Wimbledon men's final. The stakes were clearly high for Britain's Andy Murray , as he faced up to Swiss tennis maestro Roger Federer. As the first Briton in 74 years to make it to the grand stage, alas the fairytale wasn't meant to be for him as Fedex prevailed in the end.The famed British stiff upper lip more than quivered as Murray wept and walked off the court. In an increasingly androgynous world sport was supposed to be the last bastion of machismo, where real men gird their loins to do battle. Not anymore. Murray's water-works bear testimony to the fact that athletes are no longer shy of getting in touch with their tender side - even if it made some fans cringe with embarrassment.Gone are the days when champions like Bjorn Borg wore an ice-cold expression in both misery and elation. For today, a stiff upper lip is bound to result in a dip in an athlete's popularity. No stranger to crying on court, Federer himself is believed to be an avid advocate of PDW. In fact, the Swiss avers that crying actually helps a player connect with his fans and shows that he really cares about winning and losing.Where does that leave our own desi tennis aces, we wonder. Having actively taken part in an ugly Olympics selection controversy, we are yet to see a few snivels. But whatever be your grown-men-crying threshold, one thing's for sure - bawling is in. Move aside ladies, let the real men do all the crying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813688", "title": "Panel suggests merging Aviation Research Centre with RAW", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aviation Research Centre (ARC), the secretive intelligence agency that operates a fleet of aircraft for surveillance and secret missions, could be merged with the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) in a few years time, if the recommendation of the Naresh Chandra committee on national security is to be accepted.According to sources, the committee has recommended that ARC be merged with RAW, the external intelligence agency, to avoid unnecessary turf battles among various intelligence agencies.ARC is an autonomous department, though the RAW chief has overall supervisory role as the director general of security. It has at least eight aircraft with high resolution cameras and other snooping devices and some helicopters too. Established in the wake of India's disastrous war with China in 1962 that was fought with woeful inadequacies including on the intelligence front, ARC has steadily expanded its role over the past several decades.ARC was established primarily to gather intelligence along the China border, and also to provide airlift to the Special Frontier Force, the special force set up to carry out covert operations behind Chinese lines. ARC later expanded its capabilities to carry out intelligence gathering along the Pakistan border. Among others, ARC operated MIG-25s that flew all over Pakistan and China without being detected ever.The Naresh Chandra committee recommendation on merging ARC into RAW, ending its existence as a separate department, stems from concerns about possible turf battles between ARC, National Technical Research Organisation (NTRO) and even Defence Intelligence Agency. The latter two were raised as dedicated technical intelligence agencies after the 1999 Kargil conflict. Sources said one of the attempts of the committee is to minimize turf battles between various agencies and improve coordination among them.The committee has also recommended the appointment of a National Intelligence Advisor in the National Intelligence Board as an overseer to avoid turf battles between intelligence agencies, improve coordination among them and to ensure a level of accountability. The committee has also recommended the setting up of a separate department to deal with open source intelligence, which could then be used by both government and private sector.The committee has also given elaborate recommendations on improving military structures of India, for better coordination among the three services, and far better integration of the military with the defence ministry.The Naresh Chandra committee report was submitted to the government a few weeks ago. The former cabinet secretary also briefed the National Security Council headed by the prime minister a few days ago about the key recommendations, which are now being circulated among the stakeholders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14817714", "title": "Cops clueless, thieves fearless", "text": "VARANASI: Despite the tall claims of putting a check on organised crimes, the men-in-khaki are looking helpless against burglars, vehicle lifters, looters, chain snatchers.The facts came on fore when IG Brij Bhushan convened the monthly crime review meeting of Varanasi, Azamgarh and Mirzapur ranges on Tuesday. The IG admitted that the number of thefts, vehicle lifting, chain snatching and loot of cash by motorcycle-borne miscreants are a major cause of concern. In past six months, 667 cases of vehicle lifting had been registered, of which 225 vehicle had been recovered.Bhushan said that the SSPs and SPs had been asked to lay emphasis on identifying criminals involved in theft cases. Some gangs, with members belong to Katiyar in Bihar had been identified and they would be nabbed soon. The SPs had also been directed to increase night patrolling to check cases of theft.The IG was unhappy over not booking of the criminals ivolved in crimes like chain snatching under appropriate sections of IPC due to which they are succeeding in getting bail from court easily.The IG also expressed his dissatisfaction over increasing number of murder cases in Azamgarh. He expressed concern in working out two loot cases in Chandauli. He said that 42 criminal had been booked under Gangster Act and 385 under Goonda Act in past one month. Of 48 criminals carrying rewards, 39 were arrested while nine surrendered before the court.In order to avoid property disputes, he said, preventive action had been initiated in 2,108 including 565 newly identified cases. He said that the process of bail cancellation had been initiated against 102 criminals, who became active in crime world again after coming out of the jails on bail. He said that recovery of 225 missing and kidnapped persons, including 215 women was a big achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "14817469", "title": "Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna wins Sitarganj byelection", "text": "DEHRADUN: Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna has won the Sitarganj byelection by a margin of 39,954 votes.Vijay Bahuguna defeated his nearest BJP rival Prakash Pant.Sitarganj by-election was held on July 8.The by-election was necessitated after BJP MLA Kiran Mandal quit in favour of Bahuguna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "14816736", "title": "Delayed rains to hit agriculture output", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Late onset of monsoon in Gujarat is likely to adversely affect state agricultural output this year, senior officials monitoring the agricultural scene across the state predicted. While over the last one week sowing operations have picked up because of relatively better rains, it is quite unlikely that this will go a long way in improving farm production. Latest figures of sowing operations in the state revealed that as against 17.16 lakh hectares (ha) brought under cultivation till July second week last year, this year's figure has touched 16.02 lakh ha.\"This is, of course, an improvement over what was a fortnight ago when just 9 lakh ha was brought under cultivation. But it is still doubtful if it would improve the yield,\" a senior agriculture department official said.\"We had expected that farmers would shift towards groundnut because of the better price groundnut oil is yielding. But, this has not happened. Groundnut is an early crop and lack of timely rainfall led farmers not to turn towards it,\" he said.There has also been a downfall in the area brought under cultivation of two other major oil seeds, castor and soyabean.As for cotton, whose production in Gujarat accounts for one-third of the country as a whole, the official data suggests the area sown is less. But officials said this is \"deceptive.\" They added, \"Ground reports show farmers are unlikely to go in for cotton sowing in a big way in coming weeks. This is because farmers know they will not get a good price for their produce. Last year, the price of raw cotton went down by nearly 40 per cent because of the ban imposed by Centre on the export of the commodity.\"As for corn, officials said, \"Corn is an early crop. Despite poor rains, farmers in the tribal areas went in for cultivating it. But how much it will actually yield is a question that needs to be pondered. Rough predictions suggest that the corn output will actually go down instead of going up.\" Only one crop is doing better is guar seed because of the cash component attached to it. Sown in dry conditions, its oil is used for what is called \"fracking\" during oil drilling operations. Lately, its price has increased by geometrical proportions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "14811936", "title": "Dowry case drives dentist to suicide", "text": "WARANGAL: Upset over wife's dowry harassment complaint, a dentist committed suicide here on Tuesday. A Karunakar, 32, consumed sleeping pills in the late hours of Monday at a lodge in Hanamkonda.The doctor's grandfather, Samuel, rushed him to MGM Hospital when Karunakar complained of severe chest pain. He died in the early hours of Tuesday.Doctors said that Karunakar consumed over a hundred sleeping pills, which led to his death. Relatives said Karunakar was distraught after his wife Mary Elena, who married him a year ago, filed a harassment case against him on Monday.The couple has been staying separately from last four months.Based on Elena's complaint at the women's police station, a case under section 498 (A) of IPCwas filed against dentist. Sources said the cops tried to counsel Elena but she insisted on her husband being booked.\"He was anguished over the dowry case and took the extreme step,\" Samuel said.Karunakar, a native of Cherial mandal, fell in love with Elena and had married her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14817769", "title": "Motorised boats freely operate near tortoise sanctuary in Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: UP Tourism had to sacrifice its ambitious project of cruising on the Ganga between Varanasi and Allahabad due to the presence of tortoise sanctuary in Varanasi. It was because of this sanctuary that the first tourist cruise from Haldia in West Bengal was not allowed to move further in October 2009. The cruise was stopped at Khidkiya ghat.The seven-kilometre stretch of Ganga between Ramnagar Fort and Malviya bridge at Rajghat was declared a wildlife protected zone in 1989 under the Wildlife (Conservation) Act-1972 for nesting of tortoise. According to law, the motor-operated boats cannot operate in this stretch.But, one can see movement of motor-operated boats in this restricted area though cruises are not allowed to pass. Apparently there is no control of authorities on boatmen to stop this practice that is defined illegal in the Wildlife (Conservation) Act-1972. However, there is an outpost of Jal Police at Dashashwamedh ghat to keep an eye on illegal activities going on in the river. Varanasi nagar nigam (VNN) has the responsibility of regulating boat operations in the river while the forest department is also there to protect the tortoise sanctuary from harmful activities.\"It is the responsibility of VNN to restrict the movement of boats. We just provide assistance whenever demanded by the VNN authorities,\" said Atul Rai, SO of Jal Police. The records of VNN state that no motorboat operates in the restricted zone of Ganga.\"We do not issue licence to motor boats for operating in the river and there is no such boat in Varanasi,\" claimed Reeta Devi, licensing officer of VNN. She admitted that boatmen remove motors from boats whenever checking is done. \"We issue warning to them that the boats would be seized if found fitted with motor,\" she said. \"We cancel the licence of boats found violating the rules,\" Devi added. She could not specify how many licences had been cancelled so far. Everything is fine as per VN records.But, a visit to the ghat is enough to expose VNN claims. One can see several big boats fitted with motors. The motors are kept in the wooden boxes attached to the boats. These boats have been licensed for manual operation only. According to VNN records, there are 550 boats operating in the Ganga. But, the actual number is much higher.The VNN authorities put the blame on forest department for not taking appropriate action to protect the tortoise sanctuary. The forest officials are helpless in this matter as they have no seizure power. They can only point out the issue to the VNN. \"We try our best for the protection of tortoise sanctuary,\" said P P Verma, divisional forest officer of Kashi Wildlife Division. According to the records of Kashi Wildlife Division, so far over 35,000 tortoises were reared and released into the Ganga.These tortoise sanctuary had marred the prospect of cruising on Ganga water in Varanasi while motor-operated boats are moving openly and freely.In the past, the tourism department had tried to begin the cruise service in Varanasi. A luxury vessel was arranged for ferrying between Varanasi and Allahabad and other tourist destinations like Vindhyachal, Mirzapur and Chunar. But, the project was dropped in 2003 because of the objection of the forest department due to the presence of tortoise sanctuary.\"The project was withdrawn mainly due to the tortoise sanctuary. Now, we are looking forward to begin a cruise project between Ramnagar Fort and Chunar Fort because it would not disturb the tortoise sanctuary,\" said Dinesh Kumar, regional tourism officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14816825", "title": "Mass transfer of IPS officers in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: The government on Tuesday transferred 31 IPS officers in the state. Joint secretary of the state home department Sadanand Sahai confirmed the development.According to the notification issued by the department, of the 31 IPS officers transferred four officers were promoted to the rank of inspector general (IG) from deputy inspector general (DIG). At the same time, 10 officers were promoted to the rank of DIG from SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14814496", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation engineers in octroi called back to parent department", "text": "NASHIK: Fifty-two engineers of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), who were deputed as inspectors in the octroi department from other NMC departments for octroi collection, will soon be repatriated to their parent departments.NMC's standing committee (SC) chairman Uddhav Nimse has directed deputy commissioner (octroi) Haribhau Phadol to repatriate the 52 personnel to their original departments.The engineers had been deputed for octroi collection after a decision taken on May 19, which allowed the NMC to scrap the arrangement of private agencies collecting octroi collection and collect octroi on its own instead.\"Around 53 engineers were deputed on the posts of inspectors in octroi department of NMC. It really is a matter of grave concern when engineers are deployed as octroi inspectors,\" Shiv Sena corporator Ajay Boraste said.NMC standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse directed octroi deputy commissioner Haribhau Phadol to immediately repatriate all 52 engineers to their parent departments, and instead promote employees already working in the octroi department as inspectors. He also asked that people be recruited on an honorarium basis.After the pressure from the industry, the ruling Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) had cancelled the privatisation of octroi recovery from May 18. The cancellation of the privatisation of octroi recovery was on the top of the MNS's agenda during the recent elections to NMC.All party corporators had unanimously supported the MNS in this move move of MNS for cancellation of the privatisation of octroi recovery and commencement of recovery by NMC itself, during the civic body's general body meeting. Thereafter, the NMC administration had started recovering octroi on its own from May 19.But the NMC administration had transferred around 400 employees to the octroi department from various departments like health, water, house cess and water cess . Of the 400 employees transferred there were over 50 who were engineers.\"The NMC has recovered close to Rs 100 crore from octroi so far. If it continues in this vein, Rs 700 crore of revenue is expected to be generated in the current financial year,\" an NMC officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817449", "title": "Gurbinder Maan's Sachai is out now", "text": "Sachai - Gurbinder Maan Live is launched by The Promoters11. This is Gurbinder Maan's second album after 'Jor Jatt Da'. He is also a very well known writer for his songs like 'Jhoothi Ae Tu Jhoothi Ae' by Nachhatar Gill and 'Rabba Khair Kari' by Hardev Mahinangal. Gurbinder Maan has also given the songs lyrics in Jaspal Bhatti's upcoming movie 'Power Cut' which has been sung by Master Saleem. Title song of Inderjit Nikku's upcoming movie 'Dil Pardesi Ho Gaya' has been written by Gurbinder Maan and also in addition to that he has given lyrics of two songs to Inderjit Nikku for his next upcoming album.Inspired by the living legend Gurdas Maan, Gurbinder Maan also likes to write and sing the wordings which is really close to the real life and contains message for the listeners. Album 'Sachai (The Truth)' which is a live performance by Gurbinder Maan, as the title suggests the album contains the real facts of life.The album contains message and attraction for all age groups. There are reality facts, romantic wordings and some funny entertaining quotes as well. Lyrics of the complete album have been written by Gurbinder Maan himself. Music of the album has been produced by Baljit Kalsi and album is released under the banner of The Promoters11.Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812932", "title": "Cops dig up six skeletons at Laila Khan's farmhouse", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch on Tuesday recovered six human skeletons, believed to be of Laila Khan and her kin, from the starlet's farmhouse in Igatpuri in Nashik. Khan's cellphone, which kept ringing even two days after she went missing, was also found with the skeletons.Police found the skulls and bones wrapped in bedsheets and plastic bags, buried in the compound of Khan's farmhouse. The development assumes significance as the main accused Parvez Tak had been dodging police for a while with misleading stories. The remains were found after digging for at least five-and-a-half feet. Police will now bring murder charges against Tak and absconding accused Shakir Hussain.The Mumbai crime branch is investigating the mysterious disappearance of Khan and her siblings and their her mother Saleena. Saleena's first husband Nadir Patel had filed a complaint at Oshiwara police station alleging that Khan and five others went missing in February after they went to attend a marriage. Patel had also alleged that Saleena's second and third husbands-Parvez Tak and Asif Shaikh-had kidnapped them.Tak was arrested by Jammu police in connection with a cheating case and for his alleged links with the Laskar-e-Toiba. Mumbai police on Saturday took Tak's custody from Jammu police. During interrogations he admitted that he had killed Khan and her kin in fit of rage and dumped their bodies in Khan's farm house in Igatpuri.On Tuesday, a Mumbai crime branch team led by inspector Deepak Patangre along with the Nashik police and locals dug at three spots pointed out by Tak. Towards evening, police recovered several human bones and skulls. \"There are several bangles and ornaments on the bodies, so it appears to be of women. We have called the Forensic Science Laboratory experts from Nashik to conduct DNA tests,'' said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).Deputy commissioner of police Ambadas Potte said while the torsos have decomposed, the bones are intact but were shattered by the digging. Police hope to take the help of FSL experts to recreate the bodies. Police said they will take DNA samples of Nadir Patel to match with Laila and her elder sister Azmina.Tak told interrogators that he, along with his associates, including one Kashmiri watchman Shakir Hussain, killed Laila and her five family members and buried their bodies behind the Igatpuri bungalow. He allegedly killed Saleena first but later killed all of them as they had witnessed her murder.Police also took along the two drivers-Mahboob Shaikh and Johny Girdar-who drove two cars from Nashik to Kashmir at Tak's behest.Last year, Laila and five of her family members went missing from their Oshiwara home. The Mitsubishi Outlander , registered in the name of Laila's mother, was later found by J&K; police in Kishtwar. It was believed to have been used for ferrying explosives for the Delhi high court blasts of September 2011. Tak, who reportedly had links with the LeT, was reportedly the last person to have used the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14818025", "title": "Pinki Pramanik released from jail", "text": "KOLKATA: Asian Games gold medallist Pinki Pramanik on Wednesday walked out of jail after 26 days and said she was falsely implicated in the rape case.A Barasat court had on Tuesday granted the athlete bail. Speaking to reporters after her release from the Dum Dum Central Jail, Pramanik said she was falsely implicated in the case.Pramanik was arrested on June 14 after she was accused of being a male by her live-in partner, a 30-year-old estranged woman who also alleged that she was raped by Pramanik.Asked whether she would file a defamation case, Pramanik said she would consult her lawyer on this matter.Her father and other family members received her after her release from Jail.Pramanik had won the 4x400m relay gold in the 2006 Doha Asiad and silver in the same event at the 2006 Melbourne Commonwealth Games.Pinki had bagged three gold medals in the 2006 SAF Games in Colombo when she won the 400m, 800m and 4x400m relay events.A PIL was moved in the Calcutta High Court on July 6 alleging inhuman torture on the athlete.The court has directed the West Bengal government to file an affidavit within two weeks on the progress of the investigation.The West Bengal Human Rights Commission has also stepped in and directed the Home, Health and Police departments to inquire into the allegations of 'torture' on the athlete in police and jail custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14815186", "title": "One more accused held in Burundi case", "text": "JALANDHAR: One more accused has been arrested by the police in the case of attack on Burundi student Yannick Nizhanga. Accused Amarbir Singh Bajwa, 23, son of Morinda Sugar Mill MD S S Bajwa, is an engineering graduate and was working in a Ludhiana-based private company.With his arrest, the number of accused held has rose to five and four accused are still at large, including one Jaskaran Singh alias Jassa, who flew to Australia after the incident on the night of April 21. Yannnick is lying in a Patiala hospital in coma and the police had failed to arrest most of the accused till media brought the case to light.Meanwhile, a look out circular(LOC) has also been issued for Jassa and police officers are also contemplating the proceedings to extradite him.Originally, only two accused were arrested but the rest remained out of police net as they belonged to influential families. Son of a Punjab SP was also arrested by the police after facing flak from media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14815025", "title": "State blinks first, chemists call off strike", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Chemists and Druggists Association withdrew its proposed bandh, planned from Wednesday, to protest against the prohibition on sale of allopathy medicine against prescription of non-allopathy doctors. The decision was made after the state government agreed to allow dispensation of allopathy drugs against prescriptions of all doctors including ayurveda, homeopathy, unani etc on Tuesday.\"The state government agreed that, barring abortion drugs, all other allopathy drugs can be dispensed against the prescriptions of all doctors. Hence, we have withdrawn the proposed bandh,\" said Anil Navandhar, secretary, Maharashtra State Chemists and Druggists Association.\"The minister promised us that Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) officials would not harass chemists over trivial issues,\" added Navandhar. \"And, if at all any action has to be taken against a chemist, it will be initiated as per sections of the Food and Drugs Act 1940. Various other issues related to chemists will be taken up at a meeting which is scheduled for July 26.\"Earlier in the day, a large number of homeopathy and ayurveda doctors had held a rally in protest against the FDA directive and presented a charter of demands to the district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814274", "title": "Vidarbha farmers need to learn from Israel", "text": "NAGPUR: \"For every political leader of Vidarbha it's a matter of shame that farmers of the region continue to commit suicide because of problems they encounter in pursuing agriculture. But it's time our farmers changed their mindset and used latest technology and water management to make profit from farming,\" BJP national president Nitin Gadkari said here on Tuesday.He was speaking at a conference on 'Vision Israel, Mission Vidarbha' here at a jam-packed Deshpande auditorium. \"The idea that our farmers could learn something from the tiny west Asian country which had battled with all odds and natural adversities to make splendid progress in agriculture by using path-breaking technology and determination, drove me to lead a delegation of farmers and experts from the region to Israel,\" he said.\"What we saw there was mind-boggling. Israel is the size of three Vidarbha districts put together. But it exports more agricultural produce than whole of India. That too when most of its land is desert and it has poor rainfall of 6 inches as compared to 40 inches that we get here,\" said Gadkari. \"They have achieved great development because of positive mindset. By mastering techniques of water conservation, management and proper use of fertilizers they have done wonders,\" said Gadkari, exhorting Vidarbha farmers to learn from Israeli experiences.\"What is bogging down farmers here and driving them to suicide is poor returns from agriculture. But this is happening because of failure in using modern methods. First and foremost each farmer should get a health card of his soil done. Then plan a suitable crop using minimum expenses. The flood farming system is wasteful and harming our crops. Techniques like drip irrigation use minimum water needed for a plant. Then greenhouses, shade nets though need larger capital but provide better returns. Cooperatives and large land holders can go for it,\" said Gadkari. \"Self-confidence and hard work can solve farming problems, not suicide,\" he added.Several members of the delegation, including Ravi Boratkar, Sudhir Dive, progressive farmers Anil Mendhe, Anand Raut addressed the conference on how they had adopted the Israeli techniques in their farms. Girish Bapat gave a presentation on the Agrotech exhibition that they attended in Israel.Israel has emerged as a major exporter of exotic flowers and many dairy products. Highly mechanized dairy industry and power production from biogas and other renewable sources has helped Israel make a mark despite all political odds and hostility around it, they said. Purti Group led by Gadkari had part-funded the tour of farmers.BOXGadkari's mantra for better farming* Get soil health cards and plan crops accordingly* Plants can't withstand excess water flooded in farms* Use of drip irrigation availing subsidy on it, boost yields* Use solar power for agri pumps* Greenhouses, polyhouses, use of plastic in farms revolutionary* Chemical fertilizer prices have trebled in two years. Cut their use and save money* Shun 'chalta hai' attitude and embrace positivity to excelends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817067", "title": "Salman Khan to visit Pakistan", "text": "The actor along with director Kabir Khan plans a trip to the neigbouring nation where the promo of their upcoming film has been bannedFollowing the ban on the Ek Tha Tiger promo in Pakistan, lead actor Salman Khan is ready to visit the country. The actor will be accompanied by director Kabir Khan.According to a letter issued by the Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority to all satellite TV channels and cable networks last week, Ek Tha Tiger , set for world release on August 15, is \"reportedly based on the activities of ISI and RAW\". And the film, they presume, is aimed at tarnishing the image of the country's intelligence agency.When asked about it, Kabir told TOI, \"It's disturbing for Ek Tha Tiger to be perceived as an anti-Pakistan film. But it isn't surprising. Look at the cheap jingoistic anti-Pakistan films that have released over the years. We can't really blame them if they perceive E k Tha Tiger as one such film.\"About Salman and his trip to the country, Kabir added, \"Neither Salman nor I have ever visited Pakistan. So why not? We are willing to do anything that's required to make Pakistanis believe that our project is not against them. I don't think the trailer being banned is a big deal. Once the film releases, the truth will be out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "14817112", "title": "Sitarganj bypoll: Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna takes lead in first round", "text": "DEHRADUN: Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna was leading by nearly 7,500 votes over his nearest BJP rival from Sitarganj assembly seat where by-election was held.After the completion of first round of counting, Bahuguna got 8,496 votes against BJP's Prakash Pant who managed to get only 999, officials said.Sitarganj by-election was held on July 8 to decide the fate of the chief minister, who must win this election to continue in office.The by-election was necessitated after BJP MLA Kiran Mandal quit in favour of Bahuguna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812397", "title": "Goa State Pollution Control Board inspects waste disposal of panchayats", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) on Tuesday filed an affidavit before the high court of Bombay at Goa stating that it has completed the inspection of the garbage disposal facilities of all the coastal village panchayats and municipalities in the state.The affidavit filed by Levinson J Martins, member secretary of the GSPCB contains a detailed and comprehensive compilation of reports of inspection conducted by the board officials. The report has been prepared to verify whether the councils and village panchayats have complied with the interim directions, earlier issued by the high court.On April 18, the GSPCB had made a statement before the high court that it would finish conducting a fresh inspection within eight weeks. The high court had granted the GSPCB time till June 19 for conducting the inspection and filing the inspection report. However, on June 19, GSPCB sought additional time of two weeks for filing the report which was granted by the court.The court has been regularly monitoring the issue of improving the garbage disposal system in the state. On October 3, 2007, the court had taken suo motu cognizance of the issue by issuing notices to 26 coastal village panchayats in the state for examining their compliance with the earlier orders.On July 3, 2003, the high court had issued several directions for the disposal of garbage as per the Municipal Solid Waste Rules, 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14817976", "title": "Airport expansion: Shri Prakash Jaiswal urges Akhilesh Yadav to provide land", "text": "KANPUR: The civil airport at Ahirwan in Chakeri will have a bigger terminal, with better and hi-tech amenities for the passengers in the days to come. The Airports Authority of India is planning for the expansion of Chakeri civil enclave. The AAI has prepared a blueprint for its development, anticipating growth in passenger traffic.The Chakeri civil airport would be developed in phases as decided by AAI. In the first phase, the existing terminal building would be expanded to augment the passenger handling capacity. A small visitor lounge and a new car parking has also been planned.The first phase also includes expansion of the existing apron to accommodate two A-321 types of aircraft. For this, the ministry of civil aviation has requested Air Headquarters to accord permission for expansion of apron on IAF land for joint use.In the second phase, ultimate development of the civil air terminal at Chakeri Airport has been planned and a piece of land measuring 50 acres, adjacent to the airport boundary has been identified for the purpose.Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh had written a letter to Union coal minister Shri Prakash Jaiswal on June 21, informing that the state government had been requested to hand over 50 acres of land identified by AAI free of cost for the development of civil enclave at Chakeri airport. The letter also stated that state government has also been requested to provide a 4-lane approach road connectivity to the proposed site.On Tuesday, Jaiswal wrote a letter to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, requesting to provide 50 acres of land to AAI so that the development of the terminal can be done.Jaiswal stated that Airports Authority of India has identified the land for the purpose. He urged Yadav to expedite the process of transfer of the land to AAI so that the upgradation of airport could begin.Jaiswal also mentioned that Kanpur is an important industrial, business and educational city and a large number of people visit the city daily. Expansion of infrastructure at the Kanpur Airport is urgently required.On July 4, a senior official of the civil aviation ministry inspected civil aerodrome in Cantt and Civil airport in Chakeri. The visit was seen as a major development.It is a long pending demand of the people to start flights to cities like Mumbai, Ahmedabad and Hyderabad.A few major private airlines have also shown interest in launching flights from Chakeri. One of the known airlines company has completed its survey in this regard. The Kanpur civil airport is also to be equipped with the night landing system. An Instrument Landing System ( ILS) is already in place at the airport. At present Indian Airlines is operating Delhi-Kanpur flight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14813071", "title": "7 Pakistanis in Rajasthan mental hospitals even after jail term", "text": "JAIPUR: At least seven Pakistani citizens are stranded in India even after completing their jail terms with three of them in a detention centre in Alwar and the other four as psychiatric patients at the Jaipur Mental Hospital.TOI came across the cases of these Pakistanis while following Syed Mohammad Taqi Naqvi, who was recently-shifted to Alwar detention centre after completing his jail term at Jodhpur. Two Pakistani citizens were already there at the Alwar centre and officials turned down TOI's request to meet the trio. Similarly, when TOI contacted Dr R K Solanki, head of the Jaipur Mental Hospital, he refused to share the details of the ailments of the four Pakistani nationals undergoing treatment.Director General, prisons, Omendra Bhardwaj, confirmed that four of the seven Pak citizens were undergoing psychiatric treatment in police custody for the past three months. They had been shifted to Alwar from different jails in March after completing their terms.These four prisoners who are being treated at the hospital are Abdul Hamid (s/o Mohammed Malooq), Hamid Khan (s/o Mohammad Hussain), Javed Aslam (s/o Mohammed Bakhsha) and Harshidha alias Arshidha (s/o Mohammad Khan). The prisoners are residents of Sindh, Baluchistan and Punjab provinces in Pakistan. Mohammed Amin, Maqsood Ali and Taqi Naqvi are at the Alwar detention center at present.Police sources revealed most of them were arrested after entering India from Pakistan through the international border along Jaisalmer, Barmer and Sri Ganganagar districts. They were tried in courts here and given prison sentences. They are in the age group of 40-60 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gudivada", "code": "14812530", "title": "Nani did his homework well", "text": "GUDIVADA: Local legislator Kodali Sri Venkateswara Rao alias Nani seems to have done his homework before taking a final call on switching over to the Jagan camp from TDP. While a seething Chandrababu Naidu asked his party workers to target the 'betrayers', Nani's decision did not evoke any strong reaction from the local TDP cadres except for a small protest at Gudlavalleru.Nani knew that the thin Kamma community in the Gudivada constituency is in no position to tilt the electoral scales. According to sources, Nani took the decision to join the YSR Congress chiefly keeping in view the sizeable SC population (44,000) in the constituency of 1.9 lakh electorate. \"With a majority of the SCs sailing with Jagan, Nani thought they would bail him out in the next election if he is involved in a tough race,\" political analysts pointed out.The Kamma population in the so-called TDP stronghold is around 9,000. In fact, the Reddys who constitute 15,000 voters outnumber the Kammas. \"Nani would be banking on the Reddys as well,\" said local TDP leader Srinivasa Rao. Of the three mandals, minor protests were registered in Gudlavalleru mandal while Nani's support base grew in Gudivada and Nandivada mandals.\"Nani has been preparing the ground for his possible shift to the YSR Congress for the past few months and has succeeded in muffling the protests,\" observed Aleem, a local youth. The segment also has a sizeable population of Muslims (20,000), Vysyas (15,000) and BCs (30,000), which Nani's followers believe would back their leader in the next elections. Although Kapus are in good number (20,000), it is highly unlikely that they will vote for a TDP candidate.\"Local social equations place the YSR Congress ahead of other parties prompting Nani to quit the party,\" said Danaiah, a retired school teacher. With no strong caste group to support, the TDP's strength in the constituency is on the wane and forced Nani to make an early exit despite cautioning from his close friend and Tollywood hero Junior NTR.\"Nani knew well that it might not be easy to win another election by remaining in the TDP. Rumours about giving ticket to Balakrishna were only an alibi created by Nani himself to make a safe departure from the TDP,\" said a Congress leader. Curiously, Nandamuri Harikrishna, who contested an election from Gudivada on NTR-TDP ticket in 1999 election, lost deposit. He chose to contest from Gudivada citing that it was the birth place of his late father N T Ramarao.TDP candidate Ravi Haragopal defeated Harikrishna. Curiously, Kodali Nani grabbed the TDP ticket in 2004 elections chiefly because of the backing of Harikrishna and Junior NTR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14817116", "title": "Behdienkhlam celebrated by Jaintia community", "text": "SHILLONG: The unique and ancient festival of Behdienkhlam, celebrated by Jaintia or Pnar tribal community of Meghalaya, is the ritualistic expression of the relentless struggle of mankind to overcome the destructive forces of nature, including diseases, since the dawn of civilization.It is the most important festival of the Jaintias and is celebrated mid-July every year after the sowing is over. \"Khlam\" means plague or pestilence'and \"beh dien\" means to drive away with sticks.According to mythology, it had been foretold that there would be a widespread plague in Ri-Pnar (Land of the Pnars). To ward it off, people sought help from their protector deities Mulong, U Mukhai and Musniang, who advised them to hold the festival annually in the spirit of goodwill, brotherhood and joy.A week before the festival begins, a pig is sacrificed to \"thunder\" (Knia Pyrthat) to ward off all evils. The underlying idea and purpose of this festival is to drive away all evils that plague human life.The main feature of the festival is the making of the \"dein khlam\", \"symlend\" and \"khnong\", which are rounded, polished and tall tree trunks, felled in a reserved forest. Pine trees are never used. After letting them lie in the woods for a couple of nights, the trunks are brought to the town with great fanfare. Later, these trunks are erected in each locality and in front of individual homes.On the fourth day, young men, led by priests, carry bamboo sticks and visit each home beating roof-tops to chase away evil spirits, especially the demon of plague to the accompaniment of drums, cymbals and chanting in Pnar. The erected \"khnong\" is pulled down, broken and discarded. The group is offered home-brewed rice beer by the lady of the house.The youth of each locality also try out their artistic skills by erecting gaily coloured \"rots\" 30-40 feet tall structures built of bamboo, coloured paper and tinsel. Competition flares as each group tries to outdo the other in making the tallest and most artistic \"rot\", which is similar to the \"rath\" of the Hindus and \"tajiya\" of the Muslims.These days, the Behdienkhlam \"rots\" are built on wide-ranging global issues, including politics and sports. The climax of the celebrations is the tussle, as seen in a tug of war, for a large trunk known as \"khnong\", by two groups of people opposed to each other. The trunk, along with the colourful 'rots', is then immersed in the muddy waters of the Eitnar pool.Religious rites and sacrifices at the sacred pool precede the immersion ceremony in the early hours of the morning. Mud is generously smeared by the participants on each other which resemble the Holi celebrations in the plains.Interestingly, the festival is celebrated around the same time \"Rath Yatra\" is celebrated in other parts of eastern India. Besides being the most colourful religious festival, it is also the most important and unique dance festival of the Jaintias.In the afternoon, \"atlawakor\" is played between two teams from the upper and lower valleys of the Myntdu River. It is a kind of soccer with a wooden ball. The side that wins is believed to be blessed with a good harvest. The Daloi or traditional chief acts as the referee.This festival is also an invocation to God seeking blessings for a good harvest. Women offer sacrificial food to the spirits of the ancestors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813755", "title": "Barapullah link may miss deadline again", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's becoming a recurring problem \u2014 once again, the deadline for the slip road on the Barapullah elevated road between Sarai Kale Khan and Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium has been pushed further due to \"unforeseen delays\". The slip road, constructed above Sunehri Nala, will provide access to the elevated road from Lala Lajpat Rai Marg.While the other slip road near Jangupura above Kushak Nala, which acts as an exit for the traffic coming from east Delhi, was opened in March, the Sunehri Nala stretch is still under construction. It was set to be opened by July 15 this year, after missing several deadlines since 2009.The public works department (PWD), the agency in charge of the project, claims \"sudden rain\" is causing the delay this time. \"Only the expansion joint work and black topping of the road is left, which has been delayed because of the rain. Maybe the work will be done by end of July,\" said a PWD official, denying that the contractors were slowing down the work.This is surprising, considering the monsoon has been delayed by a week this year. When TOI visited the spot on Tuesday, the work on expansion joints on the flyover, railings, and road surfacing and carpeting was still largely incomplete.The loops, which were first planned in 2009, have already missed several deadlines. While the exit road from the Barapullah elevated road was to be completed by June 30 last year, it was finally opened in mid-March.Earlier, PWD had claimed that the construction material from the site was being stolen every night. \"Some of the iron rods for reinforcement of the slip road were broken and stolen by miscreants. Anti-social elements regularly come and steal construction material at night,\" a senior PWD official had said.Currently, the entry and exit to the elevated road are at two points \u2014 Sarai Kale Khan and Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium. The opening of the slip road from the elevated road descending towards Lala Lajpat Rai Marg has provided one more exit on Barapullah for those travelling from east Delhi.Once the slip road above Sunehri Nala is ready, motorists driving from ITO along Lala Lajpat Rai Marg will be able to get on to the elevated road via a loop near Aman Hotel.PWD had earlier imposed a penalty of 10 per cent of the total cost of the first phase of the project (Rs 550 crore) on the contractor for the delay in completing the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14812360", "title": "Congress boast comes to naught as BJP takes over Mandrem panchayat", "text": "Mapusa: In a major jolt to the Congress, BJP-backed panchas have won the sarpanch and the deputy sarpanch posts at the Mandrem village panchayat. These posts became vacant after a no-confidence motion was passed against the panchayat's sarpanch and deputy sarpanch last week.BJP-backed Shradha Asolkar has been unanimously elected as sarpanch, while Luis D'Souza was elected deputy sarpanch on Tuesday after last week's no-confidence motion against the Congress-backed sarpanch and deputy sarpanch was passed.The Congress had claimed that two of the major panchayats in Mandrem constituency-Mandrem and Morjim-were dominated by them despite the BJP government at the helm, and Mandrem being the constituency of panchayat minister Laxmikant Parsekar. However within a month's time, the Mandrem sarpanch had to faced a no-confidence motion.As only two nominations for the two posts were filed, the presiding officers, Dasharath Parab and Jairam Palni, declared Asolkar as sarpanch and D'Souza as deputy sarpanch. Four members from the opposition were absent during the election process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14813199", "title": "Mumbai crime branch unearths 6 skeletons from Laila Khan\u2019s farmhouse", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch on Tuesday recovered six human skeletons, believed to be of Bollywood starlet Laila Khan and her kin, from her farmhouse in Igatpuri near Nashik. Khan's cellphone, which kept ringing even two days after she went missing, was also found with the skeletons.Police found the skulls and bones wrapped in bedsheets and plastic bags, buried in the compound of Khan's farmhouse. They also recovered two knives and an iron rod from the farmhouse. The development assumes significance as the main accused, Parvez Tak, had been trying to mislead the police with conflicting stories. Police found the remains after digging at least five-and-a-half feet deep. They will now bring murder charges against Tak and absconding accused Shakir Hussain.The crime branch is investigating the mysterious disappearance of Khan, her mother and 3 siblings.Saleena's first husband Nadir Patel had filed a complaint at Oshiwara police station alleging that Khan and five others went missing in February after planning to attend a marriage. Patel had also alleged that Saleena's second and third husbands\u2014Parvez Tak and Asif Shaikh\u2014had kidnapped them.Tak was arrested by Jammu police in connection with a cheating case and for his alleged links with the Lashkar-e-Taiba. Mumbai police on Saturday took Tak's custody from Jammu police. During interrogations he admitted that he had killed Khan and her kin in fit of rage and dumped their bodies in Khan's farm house in Igatpuri.On Tuesday, a Mumbai crime branch team led by inspector Deepak Patangre along with the Nashik police and locals dug at three spots pointed out by Tak. Towards evening, police recovered several human bones and skulls. \"There are several bangles and ornaments on the bodies, so it appears to be of women. We have called experts from the Forensic Science Laboratory in Nashik to conduct DNA tests,'' said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).Deputy commissioner of police Ambadas Potte said while the torsos have decomposed, the bones are intact but were shattered by the digging. Police hope to take the help of FSL experts to recreate the bodies. Police said they will take DNA samples of Nadir Patel to match with Laila and her elder sister Azmina.Tak told interrogators that he, along with his associates, including one Kashmiri watchman Shakir Hussain, killed Laila and her five family members and buried their bodies behind the Igatpuri bungalow. He allegedly killed Saleena first but later killed all of them as they had witnessed her murder.Police also took along the two drivers\u2014Mahboob Shaikh and Johny Girdar\u2014who drove two cars from Nashik to Kashmir at Tak's behest.Last year, Laila and five of her family members went missing from their Oshiwara home. The Mitsubishi Outlander , registered in the name of Laila's mother, was later found by J&K; police in Kishtwar. It was believed to have been used for ferrying explosives for the Delhi high court blasts of September 2011. Tak, who reportedly had links with the LeT, was reportedly the last person to have used the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14812645", "title": "Honouring Kendriya Vidyalaya Madurai's own Samurai", "text": "MADURAI: Kendriya Vidyalaya II at Tiruparankundram has received a shot in its arm as one of its students attended the Japan East Asia Network of Exchange for Students and Youth (JENESYS) programme held in Japan from June 2 to 13. Aimed at a meaningful exchange of cultures, 98 students from India were taken to Japan and toured the country, attending various programmes there.K Shruthi, a plus 2 student from KV II in Madurai, participated in the event and she was one of two students selected by the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) as its representatives for the programme.Sharing her experience, Shruthi said it was wonderful to know the culture and lifestyle of the Japanese. \"We attended various programmes including school visits and were accommodated in the homes of Japanese families for two days. They taught us their way of life and culture,\" she said.Speaking about the schools she had seen in Japan, Shruthi said students were left to their own to take care of their studies. \"I have found that teachers are not strict with students and there is not much interaction between students and teachers. I feel our schools are better in that sense, where our teachers take personal interest in our studies and guide us,\" she says.There are certain qualities, however, Shruthi has decided to cultivate in her own life after visiting Japan. \"The Japanese are very polite and helpful. They keep their surroundings very clean. I am motivated to be polite and helpful after the trip,\" she said.Once she returned, the school arranged for her speech in the prayer meeting, where Shruthi shared her experiences.Shruthi's principal, R Banumathi, is all praise for Shruthi, who has brought laurels to the institution. Shruthi was selected based on her merit as she is good at studies as well as extra-curricular activities. She had won a national medal in Kho-kho held at the KVS level. \"She is very intelligent and if she had to skip classes for certain days due to her co-curricular activities, she will pick up the lessons pretty well. Once she returned we asked her to address the students so that others will be motivated by her merits and achievement,\" Banumathi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814060", "title": "Lucknow University extends affiliation of many city colleges", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Executive Council of Lucknow University gave green signal for extending affiliation of many colleges.The EC decided to give affiliation to run BCA, BBA, BCom (Hons), and BJMC for academic session 2012-13 in Modern Girls Degree College. Affiliation to run BBA, and BMS has been given to RKG Education College. Ramadheen Singh Girls Degree College has been given permanent affiliation to run BCom.Temporary affiliation has been given to Lal Bahadur Shastri Girls Management College to run BCom, School of Management Sciences to run BCA. Kanshiram Tourism and Management Institute has been affiliation to run BBA, BBA (Tourism).The EC has permitted Rajat Girls Degree College to provide co-education in BA, BSc and BCom. In this college, permanent affiliation has been given for BPEd course, while temporary affiliation has been given to BA. The proposal of Rama Mahavidyalaya to give affiliation to run MA (Education) has been forwarded to the state government.Two new colleges, Vaishno Devi Law College and SS Institute of Management had sought affiliation from the university. While approval to the former has been turned down on grounds of lack of infrastructure, the latter has been given affiliation to run BBA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814806", "title": "Patna airport unsafe for big jets, DGCA tells AAI", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the first action of its kind in India, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has termed Patna airport as 'unsafe'. Operation of big aircraft like Boeing 737 and Airbus A-320 on the runway of an airport that is surrounded by tall trees is \"being undertaken in violation of requirements of civil aviation requirement on aerodrome design and operations\".The regulator has asked the Airports Authority of India which runs the airport, to reduce the available runway length at Patna and mark it accordingly by Wednesday (June 11) \"on a most urgent basis\". Patna in any case, has a small 1,954-metre-long runway without the required runway end safety area. On one approach side of the runway is a zoo and botanical garden and on the other is a rail line and tall treeson railway land.As a result, big aircraft like B-737 and A-320 have to first fly high enough to dodge the trees and then suddenly descend to touch down at the required point to be able to stop in time before hitting the boundary wall on either sides.\"The matter of removal of obstacles (trees) of Patna airport had been taken up with the (state) government last January itself. Several meetings have also taken place on the subject... it appears that removal of obstacles within a given period is unlikely and we have to move in the direction of altering the declared distance in the interest of aircraft safety,\" the DGCA's communique to AAI says.In simple language, AAI has been asked to reduce the current available 1,954-metre length of runway available for aircraft taking off to 979 meters on one side and 1,179 meters on the other. Similarly, the 1,820 meters available from side on the runway has to be reduced to 1,289 meters and from 1,677 meters on the other to 1,141 meters.This would mean that the available length of runway would be enough only for smaller turboprops and not the jets that currently operate there. AAI has been accordingly asked to redo the runway markings and lightings and alter the precision approach path indicator (a light path visible in cockpits that brings aircraft down to the runway at the required final approach path).A senior AAI official said: \"Our team is in Patna and had meeting with forest department officials on Tuesday. They have agreed to prune some trees. We have started doing what the DGCA has asked us to do as no one wants another mishap. We are now staring at the possibility of Patna being out of bound for big planes and being used only by ATRs'\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14813379", "title": "Jilted girl drinks acid in school", "text": "KOLKATA: A girl studying in Class XI of a coeducational school in South 24-Parganas' Bishnupur tried to commit suicide in the school on Friday after she was allegedly ditched by a Class XII student of the same school. She is now undergoing treatment at M R Bangur hospital. Sources said she had consumed acid on the school campus. Doctors said she was yet to recover completely.\"The girl had failed in the Class XI examination this year and she was not promoted,\" said the teacher-in-charge of the school Amit Chatterjee. However, he felt that it has nothing to do with the suicide bid. \"The results were declared in March and she had been attending the classes as usual with other students after that. We will allow her to join as soon as she recovers.\"Another teacher said that the girl had confessed to the cops that she was depressed over a failure in love and this led her to attempt suicide. A teacher said that the girl was carrying a blade and a dupatta in her bag. \"Though she is not supposed to carry those to school.\" The teacher said that a Class XII boy, with whom she was reportedly having an affair, was not talking to her ever since she had failed in her exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14817036", "title": "CRPF among main pillars of security in the country: Guv", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Since its inception , the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) has been performing its task with utmost devotion and sincerity and has contributed immensely towards the safety and security of the country, said Governor BL Joshi while addressing the passing out parade of 625 recruits at the CRPF Training Centre, Padila Mahadeo here on Tuesday.Joshi said CRPF is among the foremost paramilitary force of the country and has always performed upto the mark as when its services were requisitioned. Apart from playing a leading role in maintaining the internal security of the country, the CRPF is now also focussing on curbing Naxal menace in different parts of the country.Earlier Joshi inspected the passing out parade which was led by parade commander Radhey Shyam Singh and parade Adjutant Mukesh Singh Yadav. This was followed by some breathtaking display of martial arts and combat training by recruits which drew wide applause from the governor and the people.On the occasion he also handed out Recruit Sumit Negi with All Round Best Award, Kasam Deen with Outdoor Best Award, Mukesh Kumar with Indoor Best Award and Raghuveer Kumar with Best Shooter Award.Throwing light on the activities and achievements of the CRPF, Training Centre, Padila Mahadeo, IG CRPF said that to impart training and to meet the increasing requirements of trained personnel in CRPF, the Additional Training Centre at Allahabad was set up in June 2011.He said that basic training of first batch of recruits began on June 6, 2011. The basic training of recruits is over a period of 44 weeks. Besides Foot Drill and Arms Drills, recruits are taught to handle various types of weapons used in the Force, Latest Tactics and working knowledge of Law, relevant Act and Rules are also taught to Recruits. Besides Campus training Recruits are also given 4 weeks jungle training including one week survival in the Chandra Prabha forest area. Final test of recruits was conducted from June 13 to 18 this year.He added that these constables are posted in Naxal infested areas, North East and Jammu and Kashmir to neutralise the anti-national elements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14817074", "title": "Now, potatoes join pricey veggie club", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Homemakers struggling with the rising prices of vegetables are at their wit's end as even the price of potatoes has started soaring in the past few days.In a bid to provide some relief to people, the state government has asked vendors to fix the retail price of potatoes at Rs 15 a kilo. \"We found a gap of Rs 5 to Rs 6 between the price of potatoes in wholesale and retail markets. We have asked the vendors not to exceed the retail price of potato beyond Rs 15, so as to contain the maximum difference between wholesale and retail price of potato at Rs 2 to Rs 2.5,\" said a senior officer of food supplies and consumer welfare department. The government has also asked all vendors to display the price of potato in front of their shops. The government will take stringent action against those found violating the orders, an official source said.Rajdhani Haat Byabsayee Sangh secretary Gayadhar Swain said, \"The main reason for the rise in potato price is due to the increase in demand of potato in the past few weeks. As vegetables have become untouchable, the demand for potato increased a lot but the supply was limited. Rise in the price of potato is due to demand-supply deficit.\"Though people welcomed the government initiative to check the price of potatoes, they continue to be disappointed by the state government's silence on the skyrocketing vegetables prices. \"Recently the West Bengal chief minister asked vendors to reduce the price of vegetables, which has had some impact there, but no such step is being taken by our government. I agree that potato is an important ingredient in the kitchen but how long can we survive by eating potatoes alone? The prices of all vegetables are above Rs 40 per kilo,\" said Prabhakar Nayak, a government employee.Green chilies here continue to scorch at Rs 200 per kg, while other kitchen staples like brinjal, ladies finger, bitter guard at Rs 40 a kilo, parval at Rs 50, drumsticks at Rs 60 and tomato Rs 25 a kilo remain out of reach for many.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812681", "title": "Life convicts appeal for release on I-Day", "text": "HYDERABAD: Lifers who have completed more than seven years' jail term on Tuesday urged the state government to grant remission and release them without conditions on Independence Day this year.In a press note released in their name, the convicts wanted the state government to go by the precedent set in August 2004 when several prisoners were released without any conditions. In recent years though some prisoners had secured freedom as per GO nos. 338/09 and 283/11, the conditions imposed on them came in the way of the release of many other prisoners.The life convicts said they had demonstrated good behaviour by sticking to rules. They pleaded that 20 months of remission be calculated to make them eligible for release as several prisoners, including women and the aged, were suffering due to various health problems. In some cases both husbands and wives were in prisons and their children were facing neglect outside, they said.It was also pointed out that some of the lifers had completed up to 20 years in prison. Among the prisoners seeking release are those convicted for crimes under IPC sections 224-302, 302-376 and 302-498(A).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14811953", "title": "Rain brings cheer to coastal ryots", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The rain god seems to have finally smiled on the farmers with the entire coastal region receiving a good rainfall in the last 48 hours. Rain was widespread as most of the mandals in Krishna, Guntur, Prakasam and West Godavari districts witnessed abundant rainfall in the last two days. With weather looking favourable for more rain, a brisk farming activity was seen.\"We hope the rain would last long so that we could take up sowing operations. We have already lost a precious time,\" said a farmer, Lakshmi Narasimha Rao of Kanchikacherla. The farmers of the Krishna delta who had to wait till last week when the government released water from Nagarjunasagar dam are relieved with the current spell of rain that would help them take up cultivation in a big way. Following heavy inflows into the Prakasam barrage, water supply from Nagarjunasagar was stopped on Tuesday. The barrage received around 14,000 cusecs, while the officials let out around 5,000 cusecs into the canals of Krishna eastern delta.Heavy rain was reported in Atchampet, Krosure, Machavaram, Macherla, Dachepalli, Gurazala, Tullur and Mangalagiri mandals whereseveral streams were overflowing. According to Guntur district collector V N Vishnu, Atchampet mandal received the highest rainfall of 73.6 mm followed by 24 mm in Mangalagiri. All the streams like Paleru, Munneru, Naguleru, Nakkaleru, Kuppaganjivagu and Edduvagu were brimming with water.Tanuku, Eluru, Bhimadolu, Koderu, Bhimavaram, Tadepalligudem and Koyyalagudem in West Godavari and Kaikalur, Nuzvid, Gudivada, Vuyyur and Avanigadda in Krishna district received abundant rain. However, the coastal region is yet to receive the normal average rainfall for the season. While 159 mm was the normal rainfall for the season till Tuesday, the region received around 131 mm.\"The rainfall has largely helped the farmers as the nursery activity has picked up in the coastal region,\" said agriculture joint director Srirama Murthy. He said the present rain would be sufficient for taking up nurseries and water would be required only when the farmers go for transplantation.Raithanga Samakhya president Yerneni Nagendranath demanded the continuance of water supply from Nagarjunasagar dam as several tail-end areas have not received water. He alleged that the irrigation authorities allowed the contractors to continue the modernization works even while water was being released.He said Ryves canal ayacut which needed around 4,000 cusecs was given around 100-200 cusecs due to the ongoing works.Meanwhile, water to canals under the Krishna western delta would be released from July 16. The district irrigation advisory board which met here finalized the dates for release of water for various canals in the district on Tuesday. The board urged the government to release water for drinking water tanks under Nagarjunasagar ayacut from July 25 and water for crops from August 26. The Guntur district collector said water would be released for Guntur channel from July 28. Nearly 10 lakh acres would be cultivated under Krishna western delta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812359", "title": "Communal violence bill is flawed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Minorities should have been consulted at the time of framing the Communal Violence Bill (CVB) as a chunk of Muslims lost their life and limb to targeted violence in the past. This was one of the key observations at the Islamic summit held in the city on Tuesday where speakers from across the country stressed on the need to have the Muslim voice in the Bill.They pointed out how there are over a hundred points in the Bill that needed to be worked upon. Among other issues discussed at the summit were the need for Islamic banks in the country and the issue of wakf land. On the CVB, speakers noted that cases related to the Gujarat riots that were moved to other states, following the Supreme Court's directive, had led to a larger number of convictions as against the cases being tried in Gujarat.\"There is no provision in the CVB that deals with the obstruction of assistance at relief camps. Further, it states that the armed forces would be deployed at the request of the state. The state is the victimizer and Muslims are victims,\" said advocate Shafeeq Rahman Mahajir, referring to Gujarat riots. He said that CVB empowers the government whereas it should be equipped to tackle a situation where the government is a direct or an indirect participant in violence. Pointing out many clauses in the Bill which are inadequate and not self-executory, he said the Bill mentions temporary ration cards valid for a specific period would be given to victims in the affected areas but pointed out that it does not say 'for purchase of free supplies.'At the summit organised by Markazi Majlis-e-Quadriya, Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi noted that a proactive role in politics and reservation are matters of survival for Muslims. \"If the ruling class doesn't understand the question of our survival, we can question theirs. Any party be it the Congress or otherwise, without supporting reservations will lose Muslim votes. Reservations in Karnataka and Kerala have heavily benefitted the minorities there. Further, Islamic banking should be allowed as it can attract investments of $100 billion,\" he said.Referring to the issue of wakf land, speakers said that properties registered with the Wakf Board cannot be represented in a court of law. A demand, however, was made that wakf properties be declared public properties. \"It would then become imperative on the district magistrates and collectors to take action against their illegal occupation,\" Abdul Raheem Qureshi, joint general secretary, All India Muslim Personal Law Board said.Speakers also noted that women in madrassas should come forward and voice their concerns and fight against domestic violence. Shamina Shafiq, member, National Commission for Women said, \"The Friday qutbah (sermon) should be used as a medium to speak against domestic violence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14817701", "title": "FIR lodged in cheating case", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal police registered a case against four persons who had duped a man D R Vishwakarma of Rs 20 lakh last year. The accused had promised Vishwakarma a seat for his daughter at a private medical college in Bhopal. However, unable to bear the loss of Rs 20 lakh and the pain of his daughter's career not shaping up as desired, he died of heart attack later. Though the whole chain of event took place last year, the case was registered only on Monday.The police said Vishwakarma, who was an engineer in Coal India limited , Rajnagar, had contacted his friend, Sunil Shrivastava in Anuppur to ensure a medical seat for his daughter, Surbhi.Subsequently, Vishwakarma and Shrivastava came to Bhopal to meet latter's nephew Prabal, an MBA student here, who introduced the duo to another person identified as Vinod Tiwari, a resident of JK Road area. Tiwari then introduced them to four persons, Mithilesh, Seturaj, Praveen and Umesh. The four of them promised a medical seat at a private college here against a sum of Rs 20 lakh.The accused had collected the sum in two installments and ensured that Surbhi's name would be in the admission list that will be out by July 2011. However, on not finding his daughter's name in all the three lists, Vishwakarma asked them to return the money. After dillydallying for a few months, the accused returned Rs 3 lakh to the victim and said they would give the remaining sum later.However, later they went missing and stopped taking calls. Subsequently, on behalf of Vishwakarma, Prabal filed a complaint in the Govindpura police station here.Bhopal police registered on Monday under sections of forgery against the four accused, investigating officials said, adding that one has been taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14814302", "title": "Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam suspends three officials over uncovered pit", "text": "GURGAON: Eight days after an infant fell into a deep pit, the state electricity department on Tuesday suspended three officials for lapse in duty apart from serving a contract termination notice to the contractor of the project.The World Bank-financed Haryana Power System Improvement Project was being carried out by a contractor whose carelessness led to the incident, said Amit Agrawal, managing director of Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam.\"DHBVN and the World Bank share the view that the accident was avoidable,\" said Agrawal. DHBVN has also suspended three officers for lapse in supervision and has initiated an internal inquiry into the matter.On July 1, one-and-a-half-year-old Sachin fell into a 20-foot-deep uncovered pit dug by electricity board. He was rescued by locals and officials. The World Bank took a serious note of the incident of negligence at a construction site of Carterpuri village near Sector 23 where Sachin fell into a pit dug up by the contractor.Now, DHBVN has agreed to work with the World Bank to undertake a review of existing safety standards and routines, and to perform a safety audit to obtain a better understanding of safety performance, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812202", "title": "Disabled athlete left to fend for himself", "text": "PANAJI: A specially-abled Goan athlete had to dig deep into his own pockets, use a credit card and borrow from friends to participate in the Para-Archery World Ranking Event in Metuji, Czech Republic.Manguesh Kuttikar has won honours for his country and the state in archery but received no support from the state government as he left to participate in the \"Czech Target 2012\" in the Czech Republic on Monday.\"As of now, I am paying for my own trip. Private sponsors and the state government offered to help but I have not received any support,\" Kuttikar told TOI before boarding the flight to Metuji on Monday.Kuttikar's travails continued despite holding two separate meetings with chief minister Manohar Parrikar and sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar, and comes at a time when the state government has made it clear that funds will not be an impediment for success in sports.An employee of the Mormugao Port Trust (MPT), Kuttikar would need a minimum of Rs 1.5 lakh for the trip and, needless to say, he does not have that kind of money. \"I am using my credit card and counting on some borrowings (from friends),\" he said.With help from the Goa Paralympic Association, Kuttikar wrote to the sports ministry seeking funds to the tune of Rs 1.20 lakh on May 10, 2012. Sources said the file was processed only on June 27, and if the sports minister is to be believed, the file hasn't reached his desk as yet.\"I could have done with support from the state government. This is a world ranking event and a good performance here will open the doors for other world events. We need to collect as many ranking points as possible from here,\" said Kuttikar, who won a bronze medal last year in Thailand.It is not just financial support that Kuttikar has been longing for. Kuttikar had to purchase an international bow from Australia pooling in Rs 2 lakh from his own resources. He trains without a coach and his training ground is the open field behind his house in Curca.\"For such an important event (in Czech Republic) I have been training in the field. There is water everywhere and it's difficult for me to fetch the arrows from a distance of 70 metres. It's a tough life,\" said Kuttikar.Kuttikar hasn't allowed his disability or the state government's apathy to cripple him further. He proceeded to Metuji in Northern Czech Republic and promises to do the best he possibly can. He hopes back home, the state government reciprocates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "abohar", "code": "14815224", "title": "Abohar-Fazilka rail line to be operational soon", "text": "ABOHAR: The Fazilka-Abohar rail link is likely to become operational soon as a team led by the commissioner of railway safety (CRS) will be visiting Abohar and Fazilka on July 11 to give final clearance to the 42-km track.Foundation stone for the track was laid on February 1, 2004, at the Fazilka railway station by the then railway minister Nitish Kumar , and the project was to be completed by March 2007 at a cost of Rs 84.44 crore. However, a hefty sum of Rs 214.80 crore, about two-and-half times more than the initial cost, has already been spent on the track.As of now, all the four railway stations on this route are ready. The staff has been posted and trains to run on Bathinda-Abohar-Fazilka route were included in the railway time-table in July 2011. But ever since, trains on this section have run only in the time-table.\"We are keeping our fingers crossed and hoping that the CSR will visit Abohar and Fazilka track to conduct the final inspection this time. The government has already suffered huge financial losses to the tune of several lakhs due to trains not being run on this completed track,\" said Amar Lal Baghla, president of Northern Railway Passengers Samiti. He says the running of trains on the track will offer a direct link to the Jammu region and Gujarat when it becomes operational.If preparations being made by the railway authorities are any indication, it seems the rail track is likely to become operational shortly. Sources in the department informed that the CSR, S C Matkal, is expected to arrive at Abohar on Wednesday morning. He will inspect the track and the railway stations as well. Sources added that the train service is likely to be inaugurated by the Union minister of state for railways K Muniyappa shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14817142", "title": "Indoreans reap benefits of rain water harvesting", "text": "INDORE: Not all are careless about the importance of water, prove Indoreans who have initiated to store rain water through water harvesting process. In the wake of city been declared an 'underground water scarcity zone' by the Centre in 2003, citizens witnessing an ever-plummeting water table in the region, now have started getting rainwater harvesting done at their households.TOI interacted with some of the families who shared the stories on how their efforts ensured the availability of water throughout the year in their homes. Most of them cited that the initiative would prove as a conscious decision of conserving water for the future generation.Ramkrishna Maheshwari of Manishpuri has experienced a remarkable difference in not just the quantity but the quality of water as well after having done the rain water harvesting at his home. \"The taste of the water is much better and is not hard water like before.\" said the civil engineer.Mukesh Nema, a resident of South Tukoganj, has got rainwater harvesting done this year. He believes that every household that has a terrace should get it done. With ground water level diminishing every year to an alarming level, rain water harvesting would prove to be beneficial in the long run. I am hoping to yield good results in few months time from this initiative.\"M K Dubey, a retired bank officer, an agriculture postgraduate, insists on the necessity of rainwater harvesting. He said, \"Having erratic rainfall in the region for the last few years, I have done rain water harvesting at my home five years back. IMC should make rainwater harvesting compulsory for all those who dig tubewells or borewells.\"Most of the people who have this system installed in their homes find it a useful one-time investment. \"I have been availing the benefits of rainwater harvesting for about eight years now. My tubewell has never dried up ever since. It's time to think for long-term needs,\" said Navneet Jhalani.BOXRainwater harvesting?Rain water is transported from the roof-tops through pipelines to an underground reservoir. It is filtered in that course and the borewells that carry it help to raise ground water level. This improves the fast-depleting water table situation.Fact fileIndore has been declared 'Underground water scarcity zone' by the Centre in 2003Water table has declined from 45 ft in 1960 to 150 ft in 2010Areas in the outskirts forced to dig tube wells in lack of Narmada pipeline reach", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14812811", "title": "Senior IPS officers' reshuffle on cards", "text": "PATNA: A reshuffle of senior IPS officers is likely by this month-end as by then the third post of DG-rank would fall vacant with the superannuation of DG (training) V Narayanan on July 31. This apart, the Centre has also given its nod to promote the 1986 and 1987-batch IPS officers to the ADG rank.The superannuation of Narayanan would pave way for the promotion of three ADGs of 1979 batch - Krishna Chowdhary ( Bihar Police Academy), A C Verma (Training) and A S Nimbran (CID) - to the DG rank. Two posts of DGs are already vacant following the retirement of DG (homeguards) Manoje Nath and departure of Shafi Alam to the Centre as DG, National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB). These two DG-rank posts, apart from that of the DGP, are cadre posts and cannot be kept vacant for more than six months. Else, these posts of DGs would automatically lapse.According to sources in the home department, the state vigilance bureau recently cleared the names of the three officers of 1979 batch. Vigilance clearance is mandatory before the departmental promotion committee finally clears names for promotion.With the Centre giving its go-ahead for promoting the lone officer of 1986 batch, Rakesh Mishra, who is currently IG (Darbhanga zone), and three officers of the subsequent batch, IG (Tirhut zone) Gupteshwar Pandey, IG (provision) Sunil Kumar and Dinesh Singh Bishta, who is on deputation in Bihar Education Project, a reshuffle of senior IPS officers appears almost certain.The state government also has to fill up the posts of DIG (wireless) and Nawada SP which fell vacant due to retirement of incumbents, Sharukh Majid and S N L Das, respectively. Nawada is an extremist-affected district and is being currently looked after by Nalanda SP Nishant Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14817203", "title": "Tribals oppose bauxite mining in Rayagada district", "text": "KORAPUT: Tribals and locals in Rayagada district have threatened to intensify their agitation against a proposed bauxite mining and refinery project of a private company -- RSB Metaltech. People of villages to be affected by the project formed an organizaiton RSB Pratirodh Sangram Manch (RSBPSM) recently to protest against the project.\"Our fight against the proposed bauxite mining in our area by the RSB Metaltech will be intensified in the future. People of all the 17 villages to be affected by the project have unanimously decided neither to give their land for the company nor to allow mining in the area,\" said president of RSBPSM Sumanta Parida.According to sources, the company has proposed to develop a Greenfield 0.7 MTPA alumina refinery complex, along with a 30 MW co-generation power plant at Serigumma panchayat of Kalyansinghpur block and Gumma panchayat of Rayagada block of Rayagada district at an estimated cost of around Rs 3,500 crore. The company, which will source bauxite from Sasubohumali hills, requires over 613 hectares of land for the projects.Villagers allege that Jhanjabati river, which originates from Sasubohumali hills, will dry up once the mining starts there and residents of as many as 14 villages under Serigumma panchayat and three villages under Gumma panchayat will loose their agricultural land to the company.\"Jhanjabati river is considered as the lifeline of Rayagada and Kalyansinghpur blocks. Apart from being used for agricultural purpose, water from Jhanjabati is supplied to Rayagada town for drinking purpose. If bauxite mining is started at Sasubohumali hills then the river will dry up and tribals will loose their livelihood,\" Parida pointed out.Several organizations like Mali Parvat Surakhya Samiti, Baphlimali Surakhya Samiti and Odisha Lok Sakthi, which are fighting against mining activities at separate places in south Odisha, have also extended their support to the RSBPSM in its fight against the mining project.\"If the proposed project comes up then apart from the perennial source of water bodies drying up, a large tract of forest land will be lost. We have urged the governor of Odisha to intervene in the matter and to cancel the mining lease awarded to the company,\" said Prafulla Samantary, president of Odisha Lok Sakthi.When contacted, head of corporate affairs of RSB Metaltech Jagadish Mardaraj, however, said, \"The allegations that water bodies will dry up due to mining doesn't arise as it has been scientifically proven that where there is bauxite deposit the land remains barren as the water level remains 100 to 150 meters deep. After the bauxite is extracted in opencast mining the water level comes up and vegetation is developed on that patch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14817010", "title": "BJD, Congress spar on eve of Pranab Mukherjee's visit", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: On the eve of UPA's presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee's visit to Odisha, the ruling BJD and opposition Congress on Tuesday engaged in a fresh round of sparring over the race to the Rashtrapati Bhavan.With the BJD taking the lead in proposing P A Sangma's candidature for the country's top post on the ground that he is tribal, Union minister and Congress leader Srikant Jena attempted to play his party's tribal card. \"The Congress has made two tribals (Giridhar Gamang and Hemananda Biswal) the chief ministers of Odisha. The Odisha Congress' relationship with scheduled castes and scheduled tribes is very deep,\" said Jena, who had last week written a letter to chief minister and BJD president Naveen Patnaik challenging him to come forward for a public debate on central assistance during the UPA and NDA regimes.Jena's letter to Naveen came just days after the latter accused Mukherjee of doling out funds to Bihar , UP and West Bengal as Union finance minister with an eye on the Presidential polls. Attempting to puncture Naveen's pro-tribal claims, Jena in his letter said there was inadequate tribal representation in the Odisha council of ministers. He said there was only one tribal as minister, whereas there should be at least four going by pro rata representation in terms of ST presence to the total population.Reacting to Jena's latest statement that Congress had two tribals as CMs, health minister and BJD leader Prasanna Acharya retorted: \"Everybody knows about what happened to those two CMs. One could survive as CM only for three months, while the other was unceremoniously shown the door after nine months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14813926", "title": "Rahul Sharma CDs: Government moves HC against CAT order", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has moved the Gujarat high court against an order of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) on an application filed by senior IPS officer Rahul Sharma .The government has questioned the CAT's order restraining it from conducting any inquiry or action on basis of a charge sheet issued to Sharma accusing him of professional misconduct with regard to disappearance of phone call records of the 2002 riots, said government pleader Prakash Jani. DIG Sharma approached the CAT in September last year challenging the government's charge-sheeting him for alleged misconduct under Sec 3(1) of All India Service Rules, 1969.In 2002, Sharma was transferred to Ahmedabad from Bhavnagar and was asked to assist in the investigations of the rioting cases. As part of it, he had collected all the details of the mobile phone calls made at the time of rioting and made a CD of it. The CDs have been missing since then, and Sharma has claimed that he had sent it to then JCP P P Pande. Sharma submitted before the CAT that he was being victimized for deposing before the Nanavati commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14817193", "title": "Hyderabad-Ajmer special from July 11", "text": "INDORE: The inaugural run of the special train from Hyderabad will take place on July 11. On July 14, the train will start from Ajmer. The train number 07020 Hyderabad-Ajmer special, will start from Hyderabad on 11 July, 2012 at 11.40 am and will reach Bhopal on Thursday at 11.45, Ujjain 14.05, Ratlam 16.10, Mandsaur at 17.54, Neemuch at 18.37, Chittorgarh at 20.00 pm and Ajmer at 23.45. On July 14, on its way back, train no 07019 Ajmer-Hyderabad special, will start from Ajmer at 17.40 and will reach Chittogarh at 20.55, Neemuch at 21.53, Mandsour at 22.43pm, Ratlam at 00.25, Ujjain at 02.30, Bhopal at 06.15 and will reach Hyderabad on July 16 at 08.10 am, informed Pradeep Sharma, PRO (WR).Secunderabad, Malkajgiri, Medchal, Kamareddy, Basar, Hujur sahib Nanded, Parbhani, Jalna, Aurangabad, Manmad, Jalgaon, Bhusawal, Burhanpur, Khandwa, Harda, Itarsi, Bhopal, Ujjain, Ratlam, Mandsaur, Neemuch, Chittorgarh, and Bhilwada will be among the main halt stations.The train will have second AC, third AC, sleeper and general coaches. Reservations for the train are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14812859", "title": "Yuvraj Singh to pen book on his battle with cancer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ace cricketer Yuvraj Singh will be writing about his battle with cancer in a book titled, 'In Different Form'. The book will be published in December 2012.\"If I think of it my life is full of words beginning with C. I was born in Chandigarh, I became a cricketer, and through my decade as an international cricketer all I craved, along with the rest of the India team, was the Cup...This story, though, is about the new C in my life. It is the story of my cancer,\" Yuvraj was quoted saying in a press release issued by Random House India, who acquired the rights to publish the book.\"From the World Cup to cancer, the last two years have taught me a lot. In the team I am someone who feels I can help youngsters with what I have learned from my mistakes and always keep the team in great spirits. After cancer when I found out how many cancer patients there are in India, I learned that I belong to a much bigger group of people. I can imagine they may be lonely, confused, scared. So, I wanted to share my ups and downs. Guys, we are one team,\" Yuvraj said.Like champion cyclist Lance Armstrong's autobiography, 'It's Not About The Bike', this book will also be about a sportsman fighting not for victory, but for his life.Open, candid and intimate it will be a remarkably personal account of his journey through cancer - from denial and acceptance, from his battle to defeat the disease to the struggles he still faces, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812153", "title": "AP Public Service Commission fined for denying answer sheets", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP Information Commission (APIC) slapped a Rs 15,000 fine on the Andhra Pradesh Public Service Commission (APPSC) on Tuesday for not providing information under the RTI Act even after being directed to do so by the commission and also for failing to give a convincing reply to the showcause notice served on it.The APPSC was penalized in a case related to a Group-1 aspirant K Sekhar Babu who was denied answer sheets which he had sought under the RTI Act. Babu had lodged a complaint of non-compliance against the APPSC and demanded Rs 3 crore as compensation for the personal and professional loss due to this case. However, the compensation request was struck down by the commission. tnnAbout 20 similar cases related to the APPSC were heard at the information commission on Tuesday. In all the cases, answer sheets had been denied by the APPSC under the RTI Act to students who had appeared for the exams. In all these cases, chief information commissioner Jannat Hussain ordered the APPSC to furnish photocopies of the answer sheets to the applicants and in most cases gave only a week's time to APPSC to comply with the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812436", "title": "Police continue raids on pubs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Continuing their crackdown on illegal activities at pubs, the Panjagutta police raided Cuba Libre at GVK One mall on Road Number 1, Banjara Hills on Tuesday afternoon. Police found 31 minor boys at the pub, but as none of them consumed liquor, they were let off after counselling.Assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Panjagutta, D Venkata Narsaiah said they raided Cuba Libre at 2.30 pm after receiving an alert that several minors were consuming liquor there.Police found 108 students of Agarwal Degree College in Patel Market having a party at the pub. All of them, including 12 girls, are of degree Ist and IInd year students. Later, police realised that 31 students were minors.\"Using breath analyzers, we checked if they had consumed liquor, but the tests were negative. So, we have called their parents to the police station and counselled the students in their presence,\" the ACP said. Police, however, did not book cases against the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14817441", "title": "Madhya Pradesh govt transferred 28 IAS officers in a major bureaucratic reshuffle", "text": "BHOPAL: In a major bureaucratic reshuffle on Tuesday, the Madhya Pradesh government transferred as many as 28 IAS officers including 12 district collectors and six senior IPS officers.Senior IAS officer Snehlata Kumar has been appointed the new resident commissioner of the state in New Delhi, while labour commissioner Vinod Kumar will take over as secretary, Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission.Ashwini Kumar of the 1990 IAS batch will be the new secretary of personnel at the state secretariat while Sanjay Dubey of the 1993 IAS batch has been posted as the new labour commissioner. He will take additional charge as managing director of Madhya Pradesh Finance Corporation (MPFC) and Audyogik Kendra Vikas Nigam.Deepali Rastogi is the new inspector general, registry and superintendent stamps while Umakant Umrao has been posted as commissioner food and civil supplies and consumer protection department. Raghvendra Singh, district collector of Indore will take over as managing director of Madhya Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation.District collector of Ujjain M Geeta has been named the controller, food and drugs department with additional charge as director of State AIDS Control Society. Former Dhar collector B M Sharma will take charge as Ujjain collector. Madhu Khare is the new secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Public Service Commission while Santosh Mishra has been posted as secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education.Kavindra Kiyawat will be the new collector of Sehore, while MK Agarwal has been transferred as district collector of Dewas, Neeraj Dubey as the collector of Khandwa and CB Singh as collector of Dhar. According to the reshuffle, Asoke Bhargav has been appointed the collector of Shahdol, Anand Kumar Sharma as the collector of Vidisha, Surendra Upadhyay as collector of Umaria and Rajeev Chandra Dubey as collector of Ratlam.In the police headquarters, inspector general-EOW Ajay Sharma has been posted as the new IG of Hoshangabad range and Vijay Kataria will be the new IG-EOW.KP Khare transferred as the IG of Balaghat range and AK Singh has been appointed the IG, police headquarters. Asha Mathur has been posted as DIG Bhopal while RK Shivhare as DIG of Rewa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14813780", "title": "Mediclaim refusals continue", "text": "KOLKATA: Getting cashless benefit at a city hospital remains a nightmare even after the Preferred Provider Network (PPN) scheme was rolled out five months back.PPN is aimed at standardizing rates for various medical treatments following high claims ratio in this segment. Four PSU general insurance companies - National Insurance Co (NIC), Oriental Insurance Company (OIC), New India Assurance and United India Insurance - rolled out the PPN from January 15. The four PSU insurers command over 75% market share in medical insurance.However, the PSU insurance companies and the lead TPA of Kolkata, Heritage, are getting several complaints that some PPN-enlisted hospitals are not providing cashless facilities to some TPAs, forcing patients' families to pay in cash and wait for reimbursements. When TOI made random phone calls to the mediclaim department of hospitals like Medica, Peerless, Kothari Medical Centre and Desun, these complaints proved to be true. Not all the PPN-enlisted hospitals in the city accept all TPAs for cashless facilities.So, PPN roll-out hasn't been able to stop the blame game between hospitals and TPAs. While hospitals complain of delayed payments and lower rates in PPN, the TPAs are alleging that some hospitals are flouting norms. Experts pointed out that the insurance companies, too, cannot wash their hand of the problem as they are the final agencies providing the medical insurance.Till date, 79 hospitals in the city have enrolled under PPN. These include RN Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences, Peerless Hospital, BM Birla Heart Research Centre, CMRI, Medica Superspecialty Hospital, BP Poddar Hospital, Anandalok Hospital, Divine Nursing Home, Genesis Hospital, Microlap, Disha Eye Hospital, Desun Hospital, KPC Medical, Priyamvada Birla Arvind Eye Hospital, Mission of Mercy and Tata Medical Centre.Subir Bhattacharyya, the GM of NIC, told TOI that all hospitals under PPN are bound to provide cashless facility irrespective of any TPA. NIC is the lead insurer in Bengal and it coordinates with other PSU insurers. \"The PPN system has been launched so that there is no dispute about rates. Hospitals that agreed to these rates have signed up under PPN. So no one can refuse cashless facility to a customer citing such reasons,\" he said. Commenting on the responsibility of the insurance companies, he added that customers can complain directly to respective insurance companies if he does not get cashless benefit.\"PPN is a new concept. It would take some time to stabilize, but we are telling TPAs to educate customers about it. We feel that over the next two to three months, the situation will improve,\" he added. However, Bhattacharyya pointed out that in the new policy, some pre-existing diseases have been excluded and planned surgery has been granted cashless benefit after three years instead of one.Sources at OIC admitted that it has got complaints regarding refusal of cashless facility by hospitals. \"We are discussing this issue in the PPN meetings. We hope something will be worked out soon,\" he added. Commenting on exclusions, OIC officials added that it has stepped up agent training. \"Agents should educate customers properly. We have also told our marketing office to properly inform customers before selling mediclaim policies,\" he added.However, a section of the medical insurance agents alleged that some mid-level officials of insurance companies are liable for the delay in settlement of cashless claims. \"Sometimes they just sit on claims for days so that TPAs do not get the go-ahead,\" an agent claimed.Surendra Tiwari of Heritage TPA admitted that it has got some complaints of refusal of cashless facilities by hospitals. \"Though the number of refusals is not big, we take action if we get a complaint from any patient or TPA about refusal of cashless benefit by any PPN-registered hospital. We are also trying to sort out the issue with hospitals. The customer should immediately lodge a complaint with the TPA if he or she was denied the benefit. If the TPA fails to address the issue they should come to us,\" Tiwari added.An official of Raksha TPA admitted that they are facing problems with a few hospitals. \"There are two types of tariffs in hospitals - one is their own doctors and another for outside doctors. The problem arises mainly with the rates of outside doctors. The Indian Medical Association has also objected to some PPN rates,\" he added.An MD India official pointed out that hospitals are submitting cashless claims after 15 to 20 days. \"They are supposed to submit the claim within seven days. This is why they are getting payments after 30 to 40 days. There should be proper co-ordination between hospitals, TPA and insurance companies,\" he added.However, hospitals under PPN complained that they are not getting payments from some TPAs. \"We are making losses by signing under PPN. The entire system is in a mess,\" complained CMRI CEO Rupak Barua.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14814355", "title": "Authority offers plots to Noida\u2019s nursing homes", "text": "NOIDA: Offering relief to the 50-odd nursing homes operating from residential plots displaced by a Supreme Court order, Noida Authority has decided to launch a scheme to allot them alternate plots across the city. This decision was approved in the 176th board meeting of the Authority on Monday.Authority CEO, Sanjeev Saran, said, \"To begin with, a scheme for 11 plots across the city, ranging between 1,000 and 1,950 sqm will be launched soon. Allotments will be made to interested parties by August 3. In case more nursing homes show interest, the Authority will think about allotting more plots.\" The price of the plots will be at par with prevailing prices in the sectors where they will be located, he added.The Authority's decision to help the displaced nursing homes relocate is in accordance with the Supreme Court order dated May 4, 2012. The court had at the time directed the Authority to allot land at reasonable rates within three months. The court had also clarified that the benefit would not apply to individual doctors.Following the December 5, 2011 Supreme Court ruling directing all nursing homes and banks to shift out of residential plots, the Noida Authority had directed them to shut operations immediately. The Authority then conducted a new survey of the residential sectors to identify defaulting nursing homes and to segregate them from clinics that are operating from the permissible 25% area of the total FAR of residential plots.Displaced nursing home owners then approached the apex court seeking relief. The Supreme Court then permitted clinics to house one bed for emergency cases on the condition that the area of operation would be restricted to the permissible 25% area of the ground floor of their respective premises.In the board meeting, the Authority also announced that a scheme offering 15 more plots across the city will be launched soon to help relocate the displaced bank branches that had earlier been operating from residential plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14816881", "title": "Government, corporate houses join hands to preserve rain", "text": "RANCHI: The state government and corporate houses are making efforts to conserve maximum rainwater to maintain ground water.The government and corporate houses have already installed rainwater harvesting system in important buildings. Some of the buildings where the facility has been installed in the state capital include Raj Bhawan, and the headquarters of Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) and the Central Mine Planning and Design Institute (CMPDI).Public relation officer of Raj Bhawan S N Jha said they were among the first few to install rainwater harvesting facility in the state. \"We have installed four systems at different places including the main building of Raj Bhawan and all the units are working properly for the last couple of years. We conserve maximum rainwater every year and hope that it would have helped in improving the water table in and around the Raj Bhawan area,\" said Jha.He further said there has been extensive plantation on the Raj Bhawan campus which also helps in conserving rainwater.The CCL, which has planted over 70 lakh trees in the past 20 years, has decided to continue with its efforts of water harvesting and conservation at every possible point at its headquarters in Ranchi and places of operation in other districts.A CCL spokesperson said the company had been doing rainwater harvesting on a massive scale. \"We try our best to spread awareness about importance of rain water harvesting. When we installed the system at our headquarters in Ranchi a couple of years back we had invited rain catcher and Magsaysay award winner Rajendra Singh to inaugurate it so that people know about importance of conserving rainwater,\" he said.Similarly, CMPDI has also installed rainwater harvesting system at its headquarters here. Almost every drop of water that falls on around 5,000 sqft including the roof of administrative building is harvested. \"We have also installed rainwater harvesting system in the company's colony,\" said an official of CMPDI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14812014", "title": "State level bankers' committee slashes kharif loans for farmers", "text": "GUNTUR: In what could come as a shock to the beleaguered farming community, the state-level bankers' committee (SLCB) has revised the scale of finance for agriculture crops by slashing loans. The decision of the SLBC sparked off a row as the farmers are getting ready for cultivation following a good amount of rainfall in the coastal areas. Strangely, its decision to reduce the loan came at a time when the prices of fertilizers and seed have gone up steeply.As per the latest guidelines, a paddy farmer would get a loan of Rs 22,000 per acre as against the previous Rs 27,000. \"The bankers should have raised the loan amount to Rs 30,000 keeping in view the rising input costs,\" a farm expert pointed out. The chilli farmer would now get anywhere between Rs 30,000-45000 per acre as against the previous amount of Rs 65,000-Rs 70,000, which amounts to 40-50% reduction in the loan grant.The cotton farmer was also hit as the finance was slashed to Rs 25,000 from the last year's Rs 38,000-40,000. \"It is outrageous to reduce the loan amount when the farmers are finding it difficult to meet the investment cost,\" said former Rajya Sabha member Yalamanchili Sivaji.The price of DAP fertilizer which spiraled to Rs 1050 from Rs 650 per bag left the farming wincing. \"The bankers have reduced the loan to Rs 22,000 when we are expecting to get Rs 40,000 per acre,\" lamented N Narasimha Rao, a paddy farmer of Krosure.Lead district manager M Ramireddy said that they would request the state committee to have a relook into the decision. \"The SLBC seems to have taken the scale of finance that was being extended to turmeric into account for reducing the pattern for all the crops,\" he told TOI. The turmeric farmer used to get around Rs 80,000 per acre in the past and fall in the market prices forced the bankers to reduce the finance to Rs 50,000 from this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814193", "title": "SC upholds life term for Anand Mohan for DM's murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday upheld life sentence to former MP Anand Mohan, finding the evidence sufficient to hold him guilty for exhorting slain gangster Chutan Shukla's brother Bhutkan Shukla to shoot Gopalganj district magistrate G Krishnaiah in 1994.The incident happened in full public view in Muzzaffarpur, where Mohan was seen inciting people to take revenge for the gangster's killing. The mob fury found a target in the DM's car and Krishnaiah was beaten up after being pulled out of the vehicle. When he was lying injured, Mohan exhorted Shukla who drew his revolver and shot the officer dead on December 5, 1994.A Patna trial court had found Mohan, his wife Lovely Anand, Prof Arun Kumar Singh, Akhlak Ahmad, Munna Shukla, Harendra Kumar and Shashi Shekhar Pandey guilty of murder and conspiracy. It sentenced Mohan, Prof Singh and Ahmad to death while giving life term to Lovely and other accused.The Patna High Court said the police had not been able to establish unlawful assembly to be able to prove charges against the accused persons except the murder charge against Mohan. It acquitted all other accused while commuting the sentence of Mohan from death penalty to life imprisonment.Rejecting Mohan's appeal as well as the state's appeal seeking enhancement of sentence to death, an apex court bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar said the prosecution had been able to prove that the district magistrate was shot by Bhutkan on the exhortations of Mohan.The apex court agreed with the HC that though the deceased was a district magistrate, he was killed in another district as an occupant of a car by chance on account of mob fury and exhortation by Mohan and firing by Bhutkan Shukla. As Mohan was not the assailant himself, rigorous imprisonment for life would be the appropriate sentence, the HC had said.Justice Patnaik, writing the judgment for the bench, said, \"We agree with this view of the HC and we are of the view that this was not one of those rarest of rare cases where the HC should have confirmed the death sentence on Mohan. In our considered view, Mohan is liable for rigorous imprisonment for life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "case i", "code": "14813757", "title": "Excuses galore for refusals, patients feel cheated", "text": "Case I: Keya Sarkar pleaded helplessly with officials at the insurance counter of CMRI. It was 11.45 pm and her medical insurance card had just been rejected for a cashless benefit. The elderly woman from Behala was at a complete loss. Even as a hospital official argued that her TPA was not eligible for it, she rummaged her purse, searching for money to pay for her husband's ECG. The latter had just been rolled into the cardiac unit following a heart attack. \"But I am not carrying enough cash. I must borrow it from a neighbour...,\" her voice trailed off as she rushed out to arrange for money. Sarkar had to take a taxi back home, borrow money and return to the hospital to make the payment on time.Case II: Amarnath Mukherjee clutched on to his son's blood-soaked shirt and tried to convince officials at an EM Bypass hospital to admit the accident victim. Thirty-two-year-old Anirban, his son, had just been run over by a truck. Mukherjee was told that though Anirban would be admitted, he must pay for an emergency surgery within 24 hours. \"My medical insurance card mentions your hospital on their list. Why won't you allow me a cashless facility?\" he asked. \"We are no longer allowing a cashless benefit to your TPA. Please don't waste our time,\" the official replied curtly. Mukherjee had to borrow Rs 1 lakh at a steep interest the next morning. \"I have no idea how I am going to repay the loan. I will probably have to approach a bank for a personal loan at a lower interest,\" he said.KOLKATA : Thousands across the city are being refused medical insurance benefits at hospital counters every day. While most are being told that their TPAs are no longer eligible for insurance facilities other than a reimbursement option, others are being turned away on the ground that their illnesses are not covered under the scheme. Yet others are denied reimbursements for failing to furnish documents of previous hospitalizations. Patients' families, who rely on insurance to see them through the treatment without having to shell out a huge amount in cash, are being left in the lurch. Many like Mukherjee are being forced to borrow funds. Others are left with no option but to move their patients to cheaper hospitals, often compromising on the quality of treatment.Sujit Deb was stunned when told by a corporate hospital that his knee surgery was not covered by his insurance. Deb challenged the claim, but was shown the insurance document that mentioned the ineligibility. \"But my agent didn't tell me that some ailments are not covered for the first four years of the policy. This amounts to cheating,\" Deb fumed. He failed to get in touch with his agent and had to settle for a reimbursement claim. \"I had to exhaust my savings to pay for the surgery and had to borrow from a friend for my son's admission to an engineering college. This is unfair,\" he lamented.Dulal Roy of Jadavpur faced a similar ordeal. He had to be admitted to a leading city hospital with chest pain. Roy needed an emergency surgery. He had a family floater mediclaim policy with a public sector insurance company, but the hospital, despite being enlisted under Preferred Provider Network (PPN), refused to give cashless facility to Roy citing that it was not dealing with that particular third party administrator (TPA). Roy had no other option but to pay the entire hospital bill and apply for reimbursement.There are yet others who have gone through even worse. They have been reduced to penury after a stint at the hospital, despite being medical insurance policy holders. Shambhu Nath, a small-time trader from Manicktala, had banked on insurance for his daughter's surgery. Five-year-old Tina, who suffered from a congenital cardiac ailment, needed an emergency surgery last March. Nath was shocked to learn that since it was a 'pre-existing ailment', the insurance company wouldn't pay for it. The super-speciality hospital demanded Rs 3 lakh for the operation. It had to be deposited within a week or else the surgery would stand cancelled, he was told.Nath mortgaged his two-room flat and sold off his bike to arrange for the money. \"I must repay the loan within the next two months or I will be left without a place to live. My daughter's treatment has to continue. Where will I arrange the money from? The insurance company is squarely responsible for my condition,\" he said.Shop-owner Ashok Kundu had to cancel his daughter's wedding after being forced to fork out Rs 2 lakh for a cardiac procedure. His TPA was not eligible for a cashless benefit, Kundu learnt after his admission. He was reimbursed less than 60% of the claim. \"Honestly, I am not educated enough to read and understand every clause. But it cost me dearly. I exhausted all the money I had saved for my daughter's wedding,\" he rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14812812", "title": "Anaka, Mahesh in World junior squash quarters", "text": "CHENNAI: Anaka Alankamony and Mahesh Mangaonkar reached the quarterfinals of Doha WSF World junior squash championships on Monday.Anaka justified her billing after reaching the last eight with a resilient performance against Hong Kong's Ho Ka Po.Po was the better player in the first game, running Anaka ragged. Using her powerful strokes, Po smashed winners all around the court and left Anaka for dead, winning the game 11-8.But Anaka bounced back, using her drops to good effect and won the next three games 11-5, 11-6, 11-6 to win the match. She will next face Egypt's Yathreb Adel, who will prove to be a much tougher opponent for the Indian.Mahesh on the other hand had it much easy when his Qatari opponent Abdulla Al-Tamimi conceded his match in the third game in strange circumstances.The match was stopped with the score in the third set at four-all, when the judges decided that the court was unplayable after blood splattered all around from a Tamimi injury. Earlier in the third round Mahesh beat Matthew Sidaway 12-10, 11-2, 11-7.Results:Round 3 - Junior Women (Pre-quarterfinals) : Anaka Alankamony (IND) bt Ho Ka Po 8-11, 11-5, 11-6, 11-6, Aparajitha Balamurukan (IND) lost to Mariam Ibrahim Metwally (EGY) 4-11, 4-11, 2-11.Round 4: Junior Men ((Pre-quarterfinals): Mahesh Mangaonkar (IND) bt Abdullah Mohd Al Tamimi (QAT) 10-12, 11-3, 4-4 (ret.).Round 3 - Junior Men Mahesh Mangaonkar (IND) bt Mathew Sidaway (ENG) 12-10, 11-2, 11-7, Vrishab Kotian (IND) lost to Mohamed Abouelghar (EGY) 8-11, 4-11, 4-11, [9/16] Abhishek Pradhan (IND) lost to Juan Camilo Vargas (COL) 9-11, 9-11, 11-7, 6-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14813403", "title": "Cops recover Rs 8 lakh ransom", "text": "MOHALI: District police, on Tuesday, recovered Rs 8 lakh from the account of one of the accused, Gurnam Singh, who was arrested along with two others for allegedly kidnapping a trader Asif Ali. Accused Gurnam, Pushpal and Satbir Singh were arrested on Monday, and the trio were taken in police custody for three days.Additional SHO of PS Mattur, Narinder Singh, said, \"The cash was recovered from the account of Gurnam in State Co-operative Bank in Kurali and it's a part of the ransom money which was paid by the kin of kidnapped Ali. The cellphones of three absconding accused, Harpreet, Satnam and Gurjeet, are switched-off and raids are being conducted to nab them.\"Ali was kidnapped from his shop in Sector 70 and was in the custody of kidnappers since July 3. Police sources said, district police only came to know about the kidnapping when a relative of the victim, Nasir Ali, from Gujrat filed a complaint on Sunday. Sources added, preliminary investigation revealed that Asif had taken a loan of Rs 22 lakh from one of the accused, last year, but failed to return it. A case of kidnapping, thrashing and threatening was registered at police station in Mattur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14812582", "title": "Students sweat it out for laptops from minister", "text": "MADURAI: Students from the Devagangar Higher Secondary school were made to sweat it out in the hot scorching sun for over three-and-a-half hours on Monday, while waiting for state minister Natham Viswanathan, who came to distribute free laptops to students of the 12th standard.Hundreds of students from standards six to 12 were made to sit in the open air in front of the stage to witness 314 students receive their laptops. As the minister was expected at 10am, the students were made to come to the school at 8.30am to take their places. As no seating arrangements were made, they had to sit on the ground.Once in place, they were prevented from going for a drink of water or even go to the toilet. Some students could be seen clutching their temples when the minister entered their institution at around 11.30am. They continued to sit in the scorching sun till 12.30pm when the function concluded. Neither the school authorities or the district officials, including the chief educational officer Moorthy, who were present at the function, took any efforts to ease the discomfort of the girls and boys.When contacted, Moorthy denied that the children were made to sit in the hot sun. He said that cloth tents had been put up and there were trees all around. \"It was sunny only for a few minutes,\" he claimed. Two shamianas had been put up, he added. one for the stage and the flagpole of the school was used as a support structure for the purpose and the national flag was not hoisted on Monday, because the flagpost was used for this purpose, according to a parent.Parents said it would be better if the students were given the computers at the collectorate where they could go and collect it on a specific day without using the school for such political functions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814118", "title": "DNA test to prove rape charges against ex-min", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after a 33-year-old unmarried woman gave birth to a male child at an Allahabad hospital and claimed that it was a result of her sustained sexual exploitation by former minister Daddu Prasad and his personal assistant Angad, Chitrakoot police said that DNA finger-printing will be done to identify the father of the child.Earlier in October 2011, the woman - Kalpana (name changed) had filed a complaint with the Chitrakoot police accusing the then minister for rural development in Mayawati cabinet Daddu Prasad and his PA Angad of sexual exploitation over a period of time. The incident had hit the headlines and the then chief minister Mayawati herself had to issue a statement defending her minister and assuring prompt police action in the case. The police had then arrested Angad and sent him to jail where he is lodged at present after being denied bail by the lower courts.Now that Kalpana has given birth to a child and continues to point fingers at the former minister and his PA, police said first the DNA finger-printing of the new-born and Angad will be done. If the two fail to match, then only the police will look into the possibilities of zeroing in on any other suspect or accused.The incident had first come to light on October 17, 2011 when Kalpana reached the office of the district police chief in Chitrakoot and consumed poison before the cops could stop her. In her statement to the senior officers, she accused the duo of threatening her and claimed that the local police were unwilling to come to her rescue because of which she was left with no option but to take the drastic step.About her sustained sexual exploitation Kalpana, in her statement before a judicial magistrate in October 2011, had stated that she had met the minister's PA for the first time in 2007 while she was working at Sarvodaya Sewa Ashram associated with the ministry of rural development and was looking for a proper job for herself. It was in this connection that the victim, a native of Bargadh village in Chitrakoot district, was asked to come over to the Banda Dak Bungalow one day to present her case before the minister.She was allegedly drugged and raped repeatedly by the minister and his PA. She alleged that the two clicked her nude photographs which they had since been using to blackmail her. She had even alleged that the two have been sexually exploiting her since 2007 and she got pregnant as many as five times but was forced to abort. On the basis of her complaint police had then arrested Angad and sent him to jail.The woman's brother told the police on Tuesday that Kalpana was staying at his house in Shankargarh area of Allahabad since the October 2011 incident. A family friend of Kalpana, Mahendra Kumar Oberoi alleged that the police had been siding with the accused after the doctors at the Swaroop Rani Nehru Hospital in Allahabad confirmed that she was pregnant.SP (Crime) Alok Pandey said he was not aware of the latest development. \"The investigation was transferred from Banda to Allahabad recently and the matter is being handled by the Kotwali police station. He said all necessary steps, including collection of evidence and getting the statement woman recorded before the magistrate. The process for DNA test too would be initiated as per norms in order to establish the identity of the accused and bring the culprits to book,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14814244", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon convinces Balaji to give up 2 municipal zones", "text": "GURGAON: In what could be termed a master stroke, the municipal corporation has managed to convince the tainted agency Balaji Security Service, to give up its claim on carrying out sanitation work in two of the four municipal zones. By virtue of being the lowest bidder, the contractor had managed to bag the contract despite many factors working against him.A few months ago, the same agency had been delisted by the Faridabad municipal corporation because it did not have the required manpower or machinery. Many eyebrows were raised when the MCG, after holding the technical bid on June 12, declared to award the sanitation contract to this agency for all the four zones.Questions were asked on how the agency would be able to do its job efficiently as it had agreed to do the task for a sum which even the officials thought to be very low than what the expenses would incur.According to sources, a lot of brain storming and convincing had to be done before the contractor agreed to part with two zones. \"The authorities have accepted the fact that ultimately they would be held accountable if the agency underperforms. Therefore, they have asked Balaji to concentrate only on zone 1 and 2, while zone 3 and 4 will be given to other agencies which participated in the bid,\" said a senior MCG official.\"Everyone knows that Balaji does not have requisite number of sanitation workers and machinery and therefore, it has been wisely decided to divide the work,\" added the official.The unsuccessful bidders also indicated that negotiations were on. \"We have come to know that MCG is planning to split the sanitation work. It is a good move since a single bidder would not have been able to carry out the task,\" said a bidder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14813525", "title": "Chandigarh\u2019s Master Plan gets in shape", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Final changes are being made in Chandigarh's Master Plan and the document would soon be sent to the ministry of urban development after peer review by architects in Delhi. In keeping with the projected population figure of 16 lakh in the year 2031, many policy changes have been incorporated.To tackle the growing traffic congestion in the sectoral markets, the master plan would require construction of underground parking lots in the area outside showrooms. The concept will be implemented in sectors 7, 9, 11,15, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 34, 35 and 37.Similarly, parking norm of 1.8 equivalent car space (ECS)/100 sq m is on the higher side and will be reduced to 1 ECS/unit. All houses located in an area of one kanal or above need to have parking facilities equivalent to 1 ECS per floor of the building and further subject to the condition that adequate parking is planned to ensure no vehicle is parked outside the premises.Uniformity will also be brought in the names of roads in Chandigarh. As of now, all broader roads are called 'margs' and the narrower ones are christened 'paths', which becomes a bit confusing for visitors.\"Presently, the detailed project report of Metro rail is being incorporated in the Master Plan. Otherwise, most of the document is ready,\" said a UT official. There has been a demand from hoteliers that one or more sites be identified as tourism and hospitality zones with three-four sites for hotels and supporting infrastructure like regular taxi service.Each of the issues taken up in the master plan will be notified to ensure that there is no further deviation from the city's original character.Chief architect Sumit Kaur could not be contacted for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812098", "title": "Sexual assault case against cash-for-bail accused Yadagiri Rao", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alleging that cash-for-bail case accused P Yadagiri Rao had sexually exploited him for four years, a 27-year-old man lodged a complaint with the Nacharam police on Tuesday.The victim, Naveen Kumar of Madhuravada in Visakhapatnam, arrived in the city in 2004 to try his luck in movies as a junior artiste. He used to stay in Vidyanagar. During that time, he got acquainted with Yadagiri Rao through some common friends. The acquaintance grew into friendship and they frequently used to consume liquor at Yadagiri's house.\"During one such drinking session, Yadagiri Rao forced himself on Naveen and sexually assaulted him. Yadagiri Rao had CCTV cameras installed at his house and by threatening to upload video footage of the act on the internet, Yadagiri continued to exploit Naveen till 2008,\" Nacharam in-charge inspector K Devender said.Later, Naveen left the city and went to Visakhapatnam. Recently, he came to know that Yadagiri was arrested by ACB sleuths and decided to report the incident to the police.On Tuesday, Naveen lodged a complaint with the Nacharam police and a case was booked against Yadagiri under section 377 (Unnatural offences) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813210", "title": "Builder cuts apartment price, sets trend", "text": "CHENNAI: The builder community, for long, has been blaming \"avaricious\" land owners for escalating prices of apartments in Chennai. Ironically, even when builders promote apartment projects on their own lands, they sell it at high prices and reason it out that the land owner in them get the better of the builder in them.Very rarely do residential projects bring about a reality check on realty prices. One such project, a 100-unit luxury apartment project launched by TVH Group on the busy LB Road in Adyar a week ago, is also proved to be a game changer for the region.Today, other builders are hesitant to quote a price higher than 13,500 per sq ft in Adyar, Gandhi Nagar, Kasthurba Nagar, Indira Nagar, Tiruvanmiyur, Besant Nagar and nearby areas. Through aggressive pricing, TVH has pulled down the price of apartments in the area from 16,000 to 13,500 per sq ft, a decrease by 2,500 or 16%.A builder, who was negotiating with a land owner for a four ground plot (one ground is 2,400 sq ft) in Besant Nagar has given up the plan after the TVH project was launched.Right pricing is the key to a project's success. Wilson Mathews, director, marketing of TVH said, \"It was a well calculated decision to keep the price lower than that of other projects in the area. We do not want to raise bank funding for the project as it will add to the cost. To do a project with customers' money, one needs to sell the units in a short time. Being a big budget project - ranging from Rs 3.12 crore to Rs 8.96 crore per unit - we have to keep the pricing attractive enough for the customers to take instant decisions. We could reduce the price for two reasons. First, we had bought the land at low rates and second, we obtained about one lakh sq ft additional premium floor space index (FSI is the ratio of land area to built-up space) by paying the mandatory fees. This brought down our land cost per sq ft of built-up area.\"Prakash Challa, MD of SSPDL noted, \"Since the TVH project is on the main road, builders on interior roads will be under severe strain to correct their prices\".A similar project, promoted by the DLF on Ethiraj Salai two years ago had a telling effect on apartment prices in Egmore for long. KK Raman, executive vice-president and zonal head of the group, said, \"The demand is determined only in relation to the price. As we had to sell 356 premium apartments, we started off at Rs 9,550 per sq ft. The last apartment was sold at Rs 14,150 per sq ft recently. The demand will be high at a lower price and it tapers off at a higher price.\"If more and more big projects are launched in the city, the prices may soften for a while.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14812789", "title": "Patna University teachers' panellikely by August 15", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh said here on Tuesday that with a view to meeting the shortage of teachers in different subjects, a fresh subject-wise panel of teachers would be released by the university before the Independence Day.Addressing a meeting of PU teachers at Darbhanga House, the VC said applications for appointment of ad hoc teachers had already been received and the same were being scrutinized. Fresh panels would be released to the respective departments and institutions shortly, so that there is no dislocation of teaching anywhere in the university, he said.Singh further stated all pending cases of promotion of teachers under various schemes would be cleared by the university at the earliest. Their applications were already being scrutinized and would soon be placed before the university selection committee.The VC assured the teachers the three-member committee constituted by the university sometime back for looking into the problems of Darbhanga House complex and suggesting ways for improvement would be strengthened and activated. He hoped the committee would submit its detailed report soon.Earlier, the teachers of different departments located at Darbhanga House complex highlighted their problems, including acute shortage of classrooms, staff and library personnel, and urged the VC to take remedial measures for improving the academic atmosphere.Scholarships given: Earlier, at a function organized by the Pre-examination Training Centre of PU here on Tuesday, welfare minister Jitan Ram Manjhi gave away scholarships to the students admitted to medical and engineering courses in 2012. He said 17% of the total state budget for the current fiscal year was meant for the welfare of scheduled castes. PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh also addressed the students.Centre's director R S Arya, in his welcome address, pointed out that over 150 students of the centre have qualified in the state administrative services, police services and judicial services. Ziyaul Hasan conducted the programme. The annual journal of the centre, \"Pratiyogita Paramarsh-2012\", was also released on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "14814804", "title": "Visva-Bharati student to leave school", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: The parents of the student of Visva-Bharati's Patha Bhavan School who was forced to lick her urine as punishment for bedwetting, have decided to withdraw her from the school even as she was allowed to attend the institution as a day scholar after a local court had asked the varsity to be cooperative and sympathetic while dealing with the case and ensuring the girl got proper treatment.Patha Bhavan is the only secondary school on the Visva-Bharati campus, where, except wards of university employees and alumni, all students are required to stay in hostel. But an exception was made in the class V girl's case after a local court had on Monday asked the university to be cooperative and sympathetic while dealing with the case ensuring that she got proper treatment after her return to the school.School principal Bodhirupa Sinha had earlier called the girl's father, Manoj Mistry, to enquire how she was. \"So it has taken 72 hours since the incident to inquire about her?\" Mistry shot back, He is livid over the manner in which the university had initially treated the case and got him and his wife, Poonam, arrested.Later, the parents received another call from vice-chancellor Sushanta Dutta Gupta's office informing them that their daughter would be allowed to attend school as a day-scholar.Dutta Gupta told TOI that he had taken the step temporarily keeping the girl's trauma in mind. \"As of now, we have requested the parents to send her to school as a day scholar. Once she recovers, she can rejoin the hostel.''The principal also called back in the evening, informing the parents of the V-C's decision and urging them to send the girl back to the school.The Mistrys girl's parents are in no mood to relent. \"We will not send her back to the class where she has faced such humiliation. For a couple of days, she was completely traumatized, unable to even speak to anyone with her head held high. It was as though she had done something that had shamed her to the core. Though she is regaining composure slowly, she is still reluctant to eat,\" said Poonam, the girl's mother.Poonam said she would request CM Mamata Banerjee and the state education department to help admit her daughter to a school in Santiniketan as admissions are difficult during mid-session.Hostel warden Uma Poddar had forced the girl to lick her urine sprinkled with salt. The girl said the warden had tried to force her lick urine twice in the past week. \"I had managed to plead with her since I was not keeping well. But on Saturday, she would not listen to any reason.''The university maintained that it was an unduly highlighted aberration to malign the institution despite the gravity of the incident that had even drawn the attention of the Prime Minister's Office. \"By and large, students of the university share a very cordial relationship with teachers. This is a one-off incident,\" said V-B spokesperson Amrit Sen.The V-C said he had received a preliminary report on the incident that substantiated the parents' complaint. \"I have forwarded the report to the PMO and the Governor,\" Dutta Gupta said.Though he refused to elaborate on the future course of action, the spokesperson said wardens of all 40-odd hostels would be briefed on dos and don'ts. \"We have to sensitize the staff, especially those dealing with children.Though the accused warden was a permanent staff, unfortunately most of the rest are casual recruits. We will try to remedy that in the light of the latest incident,\" he said.Sen said the girl's parents had rattled the hostel's gates and caused disturbance that had led to their arrest. \"Other hostel inmates were disturbed by their action. We filed a complaint and the police acted on it,\" the spokesperson said.He refused to comment on why the university had remained mum on Saturday and Sunday. V-B functions on both days as its weekend is mid-week. Tuesday is half day at the institution and Wednesday is an off-day.Separately, Birbhum SP Hrishikesh Meena said Section 23 under the Juvenile Justice (Law &amp; Protection of Children) Act, 2000, will be added to the charges filed against the warden. The section relates to cruelty to a juvenile by someone who is in charge or control of the child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14813356", "title": "Met department fails to get its arithmetic right", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While predicting the weather is a tricky task, the Chandigarh Met department has got it consistently wrong. Surprisingly, the department which is supposed to be scientifically accurate in its weather assessment comes out with reports that can be anybody's guess.The failure to predict monsoon pattern this year is not a one-off incident where these experts have often been wrong. Consider Monday's forecast for Tuesday, it's clear that even the department officials are not sure about what the weather would bring next. Contradictory to the forecast on Monday - possibility of rain or thundershower towards afternoon or evening - it rained in the morning, whereas it was sunny in the afternoon followed by generally clear sky towards the evening.A Met official, who declined to be named, said, \"All the predictions given are only 70% to 80% correct. The weather change depends on the wind speed and sometimes the winds start blowing at a higher speed after the forecast has been made. This causes the weather condition to change which is why no forecast is 100% accurate.\"Talking about the methods used to predict weather, Manmohan Singh, director of Shimla Met department, said, \"There are no particular equipments for predicting weather. We check the satellite images and wind speed, but since the weather is a dynamic phenomenon accurate prediction for the next day is a challenging task.Though, hourly predictions are much more accurate since the satellite images are received after every half-an-hour, disseminating that information to public is not possible at a larger scale.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812958", "title": "Cops file Kakkar case chargesheet, forensic evidence crucial", "text": "MUMBAI: The Crime Branch filed a 1,288-page chargesheet in the Karankumar Kakkar murder case on Tuesday, but in the absence of any eye-witnesses will have to largely depend on circumstantial and forensic evidence. Clinching evidence will now be accused Dhananjay Shinde's fingerprints which were found at Kakkar's residence and statement of main accused Vijay Palande's Chiplun-based brother-in-law under CrPc 164, which is admissible evidence in court.Palande and Shinde allegedly killed Kakkar at his residence at Oberoi Springs in Andheri on March 5 and dumped his body at Kumbharli ghat in Chiplun. Model Simran Sood, who is said to be Palande's \"wife\", has also been named as an accused in the chargesheet for her alleged role in the criminal conspiracy. Police requested the court to discharge Manoj Gajkosh from the case as he was not involved in the crime. While the section relating to kidnapping has been removed, Palande and Shinde are now charged with sections 302(murder), 120 B(criminal conspiracy), 201(destruction of evidence), 465(punishment for forgery), 467(forgery of valuable security, will, etc), 468(forgery for purpose of cheating), 471(using as genuine a forged document or electronic record) and 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention) of the Indian Penal Code. Police have also attached the call data records to the chargesheet.There are 119 witnesses in the case, including employees of the shop where the accused used Kakkar's ATM cards after his death and people who saw the accused loading suitcases containing Kakkar's body parts in his BMW. Of these, 105 are public witnesses, while 14 are police witnesses.The police had recovered Kakkar's torso, kada and a phone with the help of the accused. Palande had gone to Kakkar's house on March 5 to ostensibly discuss a project and Shinde joined them later. Shinde prepared tea for them, mixing sleeping pills in Kakkar's tea. Once he fell unconscious, they killed Kakkar in the bathroom, chopped his body into pieces and packed it in suitcases. They loaded the suitcases in Kakkar's BMW and left for Chiplun on March 6. At Khopoli, they fuelled the vehicle using Kakkar's ATM card. They dumped Kakkar's body parts in the ghats and then washed the vehicle at Chiplun.While they stayed that day at Palande's brother-in-law's residence, the BMW's entry and exit from Chiplun was also recorded at the toll naka.Palande and Shinde then left for Pune where they parked the BMW at Palande's friend's house and returned to Mumbai. Palande again used Kakkar's ATM card to fuel his Mercedes at Andheri and also used Kakkar's card to shop at Malad.Shinde then took a train to Delhi and left Kakkar's phone in the train's toilet. Besides, he used the victim's card to shop in Delhi. After a few days, Palande and Simran travelled to Bangkok separately where they used another of Kakkar's cards. Police said the accused had planned to mislead investigators searching for Kakkar by using his card in Bangkok. Palande had flown to Bangkok on a fake passport in the name of Karan Sood. However, while returning to India, he used a passport with his real name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14813191", "title": "Miss India UK faces 'racial insults' on Big Brother", "text": "LONDON: Five years after actress Shilpa Shetty was subject to racist behaviour on Celebrity Big Brother , Miss India UK Deana Uppal has faced similar 'insults' from a fellow contestant, prompting regulator Ofcom to launch a probe on receiving over 1,000 complaints.Hailing from Birmingham, Uppal is the current Miss India UK and has done modelling assignments in the UK and India.In 2007, following an uproar over racist comments by contestant Jade Goody against Shilpa, Ofcom had ruled that Channel 4 had breached its code of conduct. The issue snowballed into a major row, with the Indian and the UK government intervening. The show is being broadcast on Channel 5. On June 5, fellow contestant Conor McIntyre was reportedly seen screaming at Uppal and was later warned for the aggression towards her.On June 25, he was seen shouting at a weeping Uppal, brandishing her epilator, and abusing her.McIntyre's remarks prompted demands from women charity organizations for his removal from the Big Brother house, saying that Uppal should not have to live with such an intimidating presence. Many took to Twitter to blast Conor's alleged bullying and over 1,000 people lodged complaints with the regulator, prompting Ofcom to launch an investigation into whether the airing of the arguments may have breached the broadcasting code.\"Channel 5 is committed to complying with Ofcom's broadcasting code and will help to facilitate a speedy investigation into this particular episode of Big Brother and Big Brother's Bit on the Side,\" said a Channel 5 spokesman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "14813476", "title": "Speed up North Bengal projects: CM Mamata Banerjee", "text": "JALPAIGURI: With an eye on the simmering tension in Dooars and Terai where development has taken a back seat since long, chief minister Mamata Banerjee gave a wake up call to the bureaucrats asking them to finish the ongoing projects fast.\"Complete all ongoing projects, as fast as possible. Concentrate on how best you can provide benefit to the people. Tell me what type of problems you are facing ,\" the CM said on Tuesday while taking a meeting of district officials, from the district magistrate to the block development officers.Mamata also stressed the poor plight of the tea garden workers \"Those working in the tea garden belt should think how the government can provide relief to the poor tea garden workers,\" the CM said in the meeting. She announced that her government has already planned to distribute patta of land for the garden workers to assure their shelter. \"I have spoken to land and land revenue department officials and asked to find out land to accommodate garden workers,\" said Mamata. Her announcement on the eve of the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) election is significant as the majority of garden workers are Adivasi people who opposed GTA's expansion in the foothills. Adivasi Vikash Parishad leader Birsa Tirkey welcomed his announcement. \"It was a long pending demand from our end,\" said Tirkey.Like the hills, she announced to set up three multi speciality hospital and three medical college hospitals in PPP model for better health service of the district. \"Apart from these existing hospitals at Alipurduars and Birrpara will be upgraded,\" said Banerjee. She also promised a Hindi college at Banarhat and a second campus of North Bengal University. The CM allotted funds for several colleges and school upgradation.Mamata gave a patient hearing to the block level officers and district magistrate Smaraki Mahapatra who narrated how common people are facing problem to get different government relief schemes. \"In order to get financial aid from different heads, people will have to open different accounts in post office, which is time consuming and causes harassment to the people,\" said a BDO. CM soon noted down the problem and asked Mukul Roy to take up the matter at the appropriate level.District officials also complained about the rural electrification projects that have been pending in the district.At the same breath, Mamata announced to lay the foundation stone of another long waiting project Jalpaiguri Circuit Bench of the Calcutta high court on August 18. \"I will come again on August 18 for circuit bench inauguration,\" said Mamata Banerjee.The one-and-a-half-hour bumpy ride from Bagdogra to Jalpaiguri town was enough embarrassment for the CM on Tuesday. Mamata gave vent to her anger and summoned the officer of the National Highways Authority to explain what went wrong with the repair work.\"I am annoyed with the condition of the national highways. I have been repeatedly requesting the Union government to take care of the roads. But they are reluctant. I personally told the Prime Minister, my MPs have raised the issue with the Union road transport minister, but the situation did not change. As the national highways is not under our jurisdiction, we can't repair it. But it is affecting the people. At any point of time, there could be a major accident,\" the CM said after the meeting.Sensing the CM's mood, north Bengal development minister Gautam Deb announced that the Trinamool Congress will launch an agitation against the NHAI authorities.According to officials of Union road transport ministry, NH-34 has been taken over by National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and the agency is turning the road into a four-lane highway. Similarly, a part of NH-31, which is marked as NH-31(D) has been undertaken by NHAI for four-lane. The rest of the national highways are under National Highway Division of state PWD. Though the central government funds the repair and maintenance of the road, the work is implemented by the state. \"Last week, Union road transport ministry sanctioned Rs 28 crore for the repair work of National Highway 31C, between Madarihat and Hasimara, when state PWD secretary Ajit Bardhan went to Delhi for funds,\" said an NHAI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14817098", "title": "Elephant dies after being hit by train", "text": "JORHAT: An adult male elephant crossing the railway track at Lamsakhang area in Karbi Anglong district died after it was hit by a speeding train early on Tuesday, officials said.\"We found the body of the elephant on Tuesday morning. The elephant was hit by a train as it was crossing the railway track,\" said a forest officer in Karbi Anglong. The forest department sent a report to the railways regarding the accident and according to them the elephant was hit by the Intercity Express.\"Last year on December 18, another adult elephant was hit by a train at Meleng area inside the Gibbon wildlife sanctuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14812846", "title": "Cabinet approves Rs 240 crore for police stations, outposts", "text": "PATNA: Bihar cabinet on Tuesday gave its nod to a home (police) department proposal for release of Rs 240.60 crore to construct buildings for the police stations not having their own buildings and outposts as well as buildings, barracks and residential quarters in police lines.Briefing mediapersons after the cabinet meeting, cabinet secretariat department's principal secretary Ravikant said buildings of altogether 30 police stations and six outposts would be constructed in different districts from the fund. Besides, buildings, barracks and residential quarters for the proposed new police lines would also be constructed in four districts, namely Araria, Sheohar and Sheikhpura districts and Bagaha police district.Approving another proposal of the home (police) department, the cabinet sanctioned release of Rs 60 crore in the current financial year under the Crime and Criminal Tracking Network and Systems (CCTNS) scheme.It also approved a home (special) department's proposal for framing of Bihar Unlawful Activities (Prevention) (Recommendation and Sanction of Prosecution) Rules-2012 by the state government by using its powers under Section 45 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act-1967. Ravikant said the new rules were being framed on the instruction of the Centre.Under the proposed Bihar rules, there would be an authority which would give its recommendation to the state government within 10 days on the issue of prosecution of any accused booked under the above-mentioned Act. Similarly, the state government would have to take a final decision within 10 working days of the recommendation of the authority on the issue of prosecution of an accused.The cabinet further approved the animal husbandry and fisheries resources department's proposal to sanction a scheme worth Rs 25.94 crore for taking up different projects related to dairy and milk production under the National Agriculture Development Programme. It also gave its nod for the release of Rs 18.06 crore as departmental grant under the Dairy Entrepreneurship Development Scheme. Approving another proposal of the animal husbandry and fisheries department, the cabinet gave its nod to release Rs 8.50 crore for production and supply of high quality fish seeds.It also approved an agriculture department's proposal for release of Rs 60.42 crore under the Centre-sponsored Agriculture Mechanization Programme.The cabinet also approved a road construction department's proposal to grant administrative sanction to the first revised estimate of Rs 28.06 crore for the construction of an RCC bridge on river Kiul and its approach road near Shamho High School in Begusarai district. Earlier in 2007, the cabinet had given administrative approval of Rs 19.66 crore for the same bridge and approach road.It also approved another proposal of the road construction department for expenditure of a sum of Rs 52.05 crore for widening and repair of Jamui-Lakshmipur-Kharagpur-Bariyarpur Road (state highway no 72) under the Munger road division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14817787", "title": "New Tatkal rules work well, almost", "text": "LUDHIANA: Railway commuters gave a mixed verdict to the way in which the new guidelines of booking Tatkal tickets were implemented on Tuesday. While some were happy with the new timings during which the facility could be availed, others said a separate counter for Tatkal bookings would have made the process orderly.The railways had introduced the measures to check bulk bookings by touts that often left passengers high and dry. The revised scheme entails Tatkal bookings from 10am to 12 noon for only passengers, with no agents being allowed to do so during the two-hour period. However, the reservation counter at Ludhiana railway station saw the bookings take place only from 10am to 10.30am, with the remaining one-and-a-half hours being dedicated to general ticket reservations as usual. This caused a lot of chaos at the reservation counters. Passengers also called for increasing the number of tickets reserved for Tatkal, saying that would further strengthen the new improved scheme.Talking to TOI, Civil Lines resident Mahinder Pal Gupta, a businessman, said, \"When railway authorities have kept a provision for a separate counter for Tatkal bookings then why have the Ludhiana officials not set it up here?\" He also questioned the soundness behind simultaneous general and Tatkal ticket bookings. But for many like Aggar Nagar's Sumit Sharma, the new timings were a welcome indeed. \"When the bookings used to start at 8am, I used to rush to the station an hour earlier, even during cold foggy winter mornings. But today I comfortably came at 9.30am to stand in the queue.\"Sources in the railways said though there is a provision for a separate counter, staff shortage did not give the Ludhiana commuters that luxury.Talking about the changes in the Tatkal scheme, chief reservation supervisor Ramesh Kumar said, \"Agents will not be allowed to book Tatkal tickets during these two hours and passengers can get as many seats reserved as possible.\" He added that though bookings started at 10am, they did not continue till noon as the tickets got sold out much earlier. \"Though we tried to streamline the process, all passengers rushed to the same counter, thus making it difficult to handle the rush,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817679", "title": "Dara Singh wants to go but doctors won\u2019t let him", "text": "At this very minute there is a huge conflict going on between the ailing wrestler-star Dara Singh and the doctors who are treating him. Dara Singh has made it clear that would like to go in peace. However his medical team will hear none of it.Keeping a 24x7 vigil on the ailing giant at the Kokilaben hospital his son Vindoo Dara Singh says, \"My father really didn't want to go like this in so much pain. He is ready to go. But we are keeping him alive artificially and, sadly, against his will.\"On Tuesday morning Dara Singh was wheeled in for a CT scan. When the reports were irreversibly discouraging the dying legend grew more adamant about going. Says Vindoo, \"The reports are not at all encouraging. So my father is all the more determined to go. But the doctors are battling to save his life while dad is fighting to go.\"Apparently Dara Singh has clearly told his family and doctors he wants no pain, only peace. The family only wants what's best for him. Says Vindoo, \"We want whatever dad wants. We want his wish. That he goes peacefully.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14814457", "title": "Land mafia destroys field of cultivator", "text": "GONDIA: Land mafia active in the district destroyed the field of an engineer who was doing cultivation as his hobby near village Manegaon, 12km from Gondia. Cultivators on the main road surrounding Gondia are often threatened by the mafia to sell land at the price they feel is right.Addressing a press conference on Tuesday, Nootan Khandelwal said he shared his experiments with cultivators. He had purchased 2.3 acre land in Manegaon 15 years back and been cultivating since then, irrespective of profits or losses. As the things looked up, Khandelwal said, Lilaram Katre and Kailash Katre, both residents of the village, approached him a month back and asked how he dared to cultivate without their permission. They even asked him to sell them the land.Khandelwal did not pay much attention to their threats. But after some days when Khandelwal went to his field to oversee preparations for monsoon, he saw these persons sitting in a shop. Khandelwal said he felt they could attack him and decided to return home. While on his way, he suspected that the two were following him and could harm him. When he was driving, he fell off as he increased the speed of his motorcycle. The twosome went back seeing a seriously injured Khandelwal.Khandelwal reported the matter to Amgaon police inspector Prasad Pandhre who directed head constable Gate to visit the spot. But, Khandelwal said, the cop did nothing but to sit for hours in the house of the Katres.After this, Mahendra Patle of the same village came to him and threatened him of dire consequence for reporting the matter to Amgaon police. On July 4, the accused completely destroyed his field with the help of a JCB machine. Small walls required for paddy cultivation to store water and transfer it to another were also demolished. Land in the field was flattened and the stored water flown away.Khandelwal said despite reporting the matter to Amgaon police and SDOP Sachin Gunjar, the accused are still moving around, issuing threats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14813063", "title": "\u2018Invoke murder charges for feticide\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government, rattled by the recent spate of illegal abortions, will request the Centre to amend the existing anti-sex determination laws to invoke murder charges under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code against persons found involved in female feticide.On Tuesday, health minister Suresh Shetty said in the legislative assembly that as the state government does not have the authority to make the necessary changes, a suggestion will be forwarded to the Centre to amend the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act. \"The Maharashtra government is committed to the implementation of the existing PCPNDT and Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) Acts in letter and spirit. However, if the popular sentiment is for making these laws more stringent, we will make a request to the Centre (in this regard),\" Shetty said in reply to a calling attention motion.The demand for slapping murder charges on perpetrators of female feticide is not new. Already, PWD and tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal has written to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan demanding similar changes. \"Those who commit this crime are no longer scared of the PCPNDT and MPT Acts. The image of Maharashtra as a progressive state has taken a beating. The need of the hour is to have a strong deterrent so that nobody dares commit such an offence again,\" said NCP legislator Jitendra Awhad.The recent cases in Beed had prompted the government to form 584 teams to take action in cases of violations of the PCPNDT and MPT Acts.So far, the minister told legislators, sonography machines of 291 centres have been seized while action has been taken against 341 MTP centres. There are 8,331 sonography and 4,117 MPT centres in Maharashtra.Shetty said the government was trying to ensure that those involved in cases of foeticide did not get bail. To strengthen the case against the doctor-couple from Beed, Sudam and Saraswati Munde, the state has hired public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam. \"Let this case be an example for not only Maharashtra but the entire country as well,\" the minister added.The Pune crime branch has been given the responsibility of ascertaining if there have been any lapses in the Munde case. Besides, the state is reconstituting district advisory committees as part of its measures. Action has also been taken against family members found involved in such cases, Shetty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14817437", "title": "Centre planning to install automated weather systems in ships", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Centre is planning to install automated weather systems in ships sailing on the high seas to predict the genesis of tropical cyclones, Union earth sciences ministry secretary Shailesh Nayak has said.Talking to reporters on the sidelines of a workshop organized by IIT Bhubaneswar on Monday, Nayak said the earth sciences ministry was working in coordination with Shipping Corporation of India (SCI), which has about 150 vessels, for positioning the AWS.\"While vessels will go into the sea, the AWS will continually provide us information before a cyclone is formed. Radars would come into picture only after the cyclone is formed,\" Nayak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14813804", "title": "Pinki Pramanik \u2018incapable of rape\u2019, gets bail", "text": "KOLKATA: After spending 25 days behind bars on charges of raping her live-in girlfriend, athlete Pinki Pramanik was granted bail on Tuesday. The judge virtually exonerated the Asiad gold medallist by saying that preliminary medical reports make it clear Pinki is \"not capable of committing rape\".There was much drama both inside the courtroom and outside. Athlete and former CPM MP Jyotirmoyee Sikdar led a huge crowd at the gates, cheering for Pinki although she was not in court. There were at least 30 sportspersons in the gathering. Inside the courtroom, the 30-year-old complainant fainted after hearing the verdict as those in Pinki's favour heaved sighs of relief. Trinamool Congress MP Kabir Suman and actress June Maliah visited Pinki in Dum Dum jail.Nirmal Kumar Ghoshal, the district judge of North 24-Parganas, passed his verdict well before receiving the chromosome test report prepared by the Central Forensic Science Laboratory in Hyderabad. The report was handed to him only in the evening. The medical team appointed to determine Pinki's gender had filed two preliminary reports after going through her ultrasonography and MRI tests and opined that though Pinki had abnormal genitalia, she does not possess a male organ.Under the circumstances, Section 376 of IPC, which deals with rape, can't hold true in this case. The judge was also critical of the complainant. \"The judge observed that as the complainant was cohabiting with Pinki for nearly three years, she had consented to the relationship,\" said Pinki's counsel Tuhin Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14813853", "title": "Worker's son electrocuted", "text": "BANGALORE: A residential complex was half constructed at the site of the accident. Bheemaraya's father, Kantha Mallappa, was employed there. Kantha Mallappa was a native of Yadgir district.Illegal power had been drawn for the construction site from an adjacent electric pole. The child was trying to fix a bulb into a holder when he was electrocuted. Bheemaraya was rushed to hospital where he was declared dead on arrival. The postmortem was conducted in Victoria Hospital .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14817665", "title": "BMC notice to 23 houses in Chunna Bhatti", "text": "BHOPAL: It took 20 years and a lokayukta notice for the officials for the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) to realize that 23 bungalows and a few commercial establishments are constructed on the land area notified as agricultural land on Chunna Bhatti side of Shahpura lake.The lokayukta, around a fortnight back has slammed a notice to the corporation, seeking the stand of the corporation on the illegal constructions on the land identified for irrigation purposes. The civic body issued a show cause notice to the residents of these colonies stating to produce documents about ownership with regards to their respective homes.\"We have issued a show cause notice to the residents of 23 houses, which are identified as illegal,\" city planner Amit Gajbhiye said.\"Depending on the fate of documents, we will take action,\" he added.However, this has annoyed the residents. The residents are also demanding a check on the bungalows in front of the lake and the constructions adjoining the catchment area of Shahpura Lake.Interestingly, the BMC officials said that this land was to be transferred to the corporation in 2004. However, due to some reasons, it was delayed.BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said, \"The officials are conducting a survey and based on the survey action will be taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14813833", "title": "Many police stations don't display advisories on dowry cases", "text": "BANGALORE: Despite a circular from the state police chief directing officers across the state to exercise restraint while making arrests on complaints about dowry harassment, police stations in the city are not following the guidelines.The circular, issued in early April, puts in place effective measures to curb misuse of Section 498-A (dowry harassment).TOI noticed that at many police stations across the city, the guidelines were not on display, as mandated by the circular. \"We have made it clear to the districts that guidelines should be strictly followed. Offences which are frivolous in nature and petty cases where mediation is required are also included. This is as per the amended rules under Criminal Procedure Code,\" said additional director general of police (law &amp; order) Bipin Gopalakrishna.The situation in the city is different. \"This is because inspectors at the station level don't apply their mind or the guidelines. This has led to them unnecessarily getting embroiled in dowry harassment cases and arrests,\" said a police officer.\"We've asked station officers to follow the guidelines with regard to counselling by trained professionals from NGOs before arresting a spouse based on the wife's complaint. There is a family counselling centre attached to the police commissioner's office which deals with such complaints initially. We're trying to bring proper procedures in dowry cases as we find there's trauma on both sides,\" said deputy commissioner of police (south) Sonia Narang. She added that most cases result in untold miseries for both sides and especially for the children of such couples.DCP (East) TS Krishna Bhat told TOI he had instructed all his inspectors his permission before arresting anyone in dowry harassment cases. \"There may be some aberration in display of the advisory on boards but this will be set right soon,\" he said.When TOI contacted a cross-section of inspectors in-charge of police stations, most didn't have any idea about the advisory. Some old-timers said before taking up cases under Section 498-A, they try conciliatory methods by involving women constables and senior staff of the station. \"We don't allow the case to be registered immediately. When our efforts fail, we send them to trained counsellors at the family counseling centre under the city police commissioner, now located at the top floor of Shivajinagar bus station,\" said an inspector. He added that arrests are the last resort.Guidelines* Dowry harassment complaints will be screened by trained family counselors / NGOs* Counsellors will weed out frivolous complaints* They'll mediate between spouses and try for conciliation and send report to DCPs/SPs* Officers will invoke Section 498-A if they're not satisfied with counselling results* Investigating officers can arrest accused husband and in-laws only with written order from jurisdictional DCP/SP* Counsellors will address custody, care and protection needs of affected children* Dowry harassment law cannot be invoked against juveniles* Guidelines must be displayed at all police stations to ensure people are aware of them", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "shantiniketan", "code": "14813661", "title": "World crumbles for shamed girl", "text": "SHANTINIKETAN: Ever since their first child was born in 2002, the parents of the girl, who was forced to lick her own urine by the hostel warden, dreamt of admitting their daughter to Visva-Bharati. Little did they know then that what they had craved for years will turn into a nightmare for the entire family so soon.\"I wanted her to grow up with Gurudev's ideals and the ethos that Visva-Bharati stood for. So when she got admitted to Class II in Patha Bhavan \u2014 the school that Rabindranath Tagore had started in 1901 \u2014 it was a dream come true,\" she recounted to TOI at her Makrampur residence on Tuesday.Though her husband was initially reluctant to send his daughter to the boarding school since she had this bad habit of bed-wetting, the mother's wish had prevailed. She had reasoned that their daughter would grow up one day and be cured. \"Why rob her of this chance to get educated in an institution that so many crave for but few actually get the opportunity? In any case, we lived nearby and could meet her every week,\" she had reasoned.That dream lasted a little over two years. On Saturday evening, the world suddenly came crumbling down when she called warden Uma Poddar to enquire how her daughter was. Since the hostel landline was out of order, she called on the warden's cellphone. Poddar took the call and told her that she had made her daughter lick the soiled bedsheet early that morning as an antidote to her frequent wetting in sleep. \"I am not in Santiniketan. Call the other warden to speak to your daughter,\" she told her.The shocked mother immediately called warden Tanuja Khatoon, who assured her that the girl was fine. When she insisted that she wanted to speak to her, the warden reluctantly put the child on the line. Hearing her mother's voice, the girl broke into sobs. \"She refused to stay in the hostel as she was deeply ashamed of what had happened,\" she recalled.The parents, with some of their relatives, reached the hostel around 9pm but found the gate closed. After repeated knocks, the warden emerged with the child. \"I pleaded to Tanuja to allow me in but she refused. It was only around 11.30pm that the school vice-principal arrived and said we could not take their daughter away at night. But we said were lodging a complaint and taking our daughter away,\" the mother recounted. Eventually, the vice-principal relented but Tanuja lodged a complaint against them.\"I will not go back. I am afraid they will again make me do the same thing. I am also ashamed to confront others, including my class and hostel mates. Everyone will stare at me, knowing what I had been forced to do,\" she told TOI on Tuesday.She also revealed that the same warden had tried to make her lick soiled bedsheets twice in the past but she had remained silent fearing further punishment. \"I had pleaded with her on both occasions and she had finally let me go. But on Saturday morning, she held my head and forced me down on to the wet bedsheet,\" she said.Till Monday, the girl had barely spoken. When she did, she would look down at the floor, shame written all over her face. \"She wouldn't even look me in the eye while speaking. I explained she had done nothing wrong to be ashamed of. But she remained very quiet. She has also barely eaten since Saturday. Doctors asked us to ensure that she stays jovial. I wonder though, is this what remains of Tagore's ideals? Millions worship the poet all over the world but here it is not my daughter but Gurudev who has been shamed,\" said the visibly distraught mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14818195", "title": "Kanpur zoo maintaining strict vigil on tiger's health", "text": "KANPUR: The birth of the three cubs in the Kanpur zoo has brought happiness to nature lovers.This time, the zoo administration is extra vigilant and taking precautions. The zoo doctors are monitoring the PH of the urine of tigress Trusha, tiger Abhay and two other tigers on a regular basis to keep a tab over the health of these animals. The cubs are hale and hearty.The zoo administration is making these efforts to ensure good health of the cubs after the death of all the three cubs born to Trusha in May 2011. The cubs died one after the other within six months.Zoo director K Praveen Rao said: \"Doctors are regularly monitoring the PH of urine of all the four tigers, including Trusha and Abhay, to keep a tab over their health. If any aliment occurs, it is first reflected through the urine test. So the urine of tigers is being examined regularly.\"The zoo authorities are providing conducive environment to the tigress so that it can take care of her newly born cubs. Trusha and her cubs have been kept away from the public.\"Nobody would be allowed to go close to the enclosure of Trusha and her cubs. We will be keeping them in isolation so that they can live and grow peacefully.After a month, we would have a first glimpse of the cubs. Till then only veterinary doctors U C Srivastava and RK Singh and keeper and sweeper would be allowed to go close to the enclosure,\" Rao added.Trusha is being rich diet including milk, eggs and meat so that she can feed her cubs well. The diet would be increased gradually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814365", "title": "DD\u2019s Urdu channel languishes for lack of fresh programming", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven years after it was launched with much fanfare by PM Manmohan Singh, Doordarshan's Urdu channel has turned into a station known for screening old films and insipid re-runs. Ironically, it was visualized as a challenge to Pakistan's propaganda machinery and a window to Indian culture. But four years and 1,000 proposals later, the channel is yet to get new programming.Since 2009, DD has set up at least two committees with Urdu experts to screen over 1,000 proposals. Producers are now up in arms having spent up to Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 3 lakh but with no results. In fact, the information and broadcasting ministry (I&B;) has now sought Rs 1,000 crore to revamp content in DD Kashir, DD Urdu and DD International in the 12th plan.Prasar Bharati CEO Jawahar Sircar said attempts were being made to reach an early resolution. \"We are collecting facts and figures about the case. We will put in place the best screening method to ensure that a selection of the producers is done in an open and transparent manner. The idea is to rescue the Urdu channel,'' he said.Officials said that of the over 1,000 proposals submitted, the last committee had short-listed almost 600. \"It would be impossible to commission programming from 600 producers. We will have to screen this large number to one that can be accommodated within the Urdu language budget,'' the official said.But for producers who have been waiting for the final decision, it appears to be an endless set of committees. Author and script-writer Musharraf Aslam Zauqui, who has scripted for a serial spearheaded by veteran theatre personality Nadira Babbar, said, \"The UPA government got a lot of praise when it announced a dedicated Urdu channel but it has toyed with the idea and destroyed the whole concept.''A member of the parliamentary committee for I&B; Mohammad Adeeb has written to I&B; minister Ambika Soni, \"Urdu channel was to be a show window for the world, emphasizing prominence of the Urdu language in independent India. It is regrettable that whatever promises it held have been dashed.''Producer Rajiv Khanpuri said, \"We want the shortlist made by the last committee made public.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14818176", "title": "Rainy season is all about chai-pakora, gossiping &amp; fun", "text": "KANPUR: The rainy season gave the people an excellent opportunity to try mouth-watering 'chai-pakoras', 'bhutta' (corns) and other street food.People of all ages can be witnessed making beelines on the 'pakora', 'chaat' and 'bhutta' corners.\"I find street food much appetizing than eating in restaurants which is unaffordable often, specially for students. Also, we don't have options like 'bhutta' and 'baingni', 'palak papdi' in restaurants,\" said Harshit.Another youngster Shristi said that she eagerly waits for the rainy season to taste 'bhutta' or munch 'chana'.The street-food joints are perfect for 'chaat and chatai' (tasty food and gossip). Young and old alike flock these places in search of fun in the evening.Anil, an executive, said, \"I work from 10 am to 10 pm. In evening, I need something to satisfy my hunger. Having 'chai pakora' or 'bhutta' in rainy season is the best option. It is not very heavy for belly as well as pocket.\" As far as hygiene is concerned, one need not worry as most of these snacks are roasted or fried.\"The stalls and road side dhabas thrive on the high demand for pakora and bhutta. Customers want to have fun so we put cot and place bamboo tables. We offer a wide variety of pakoras. Delicacies like dhaniya aalu, tikki are also in high demand during rainy season,\" said a dhaba owner on GT road.In UP and Bihar, pakora is masculine and pakori feminine. The pakoras means bread pakora and alu pakora while pakoris come in form of moon pakori, palak pakori and many more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14817097", "title": "CET results out, online counselling for admission to begin from July 13", "text": "INDORE: The results of Common Entrance Test (CET) 2012 conducted by Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) were announced on Tuesday. The maiden online counselling for admission in various courses will be held from July 13 to July 19. On the basis of marks, group-wise merit lists of general and reserved category students have been provided.Online counseling will be conducted by MP Online. A team of experts has training to the university officials on the process of conducting the online counselling at the Takshashila campus. The choice of filling and locking process will commence simultaneously, said DAVV sources.Information about the counselling process has been uploaded on the varsity website.Rajendra Singh, chairman, CET organising committee, said, \"All the details related to admission and counselling procedures has been provided on the varsity website for the convenience of the students. It is for the first time, online counselling will be held for students registering for CET.\"According to the sources, there were some problems for the students to find out the web link of results as it was first uploaded on the website of International Institute of Professional Studies (IIPS). However, later the problem was rectified.After counselling session ends online allotment, document verification, fee deposit and admission will start from July 23 and will end on July 29. Students can log on to the varsity website to find a link of MP Online for counselling procedure. Nearly 13,200 students had registered for more than 2,706 seats in the under-graduate and postgraduate courses in the DAVV.The test was organised at seven different centres across the country. In the two-day entrance test, on the first day 11,051 students had appeared for the examination. Nearly 1,000 students remained absent from appearing the examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14818156", "title": "Kanpur likely get heavy rainfall on Wednesday", "text": "KANPUR: The rain continued for the sixth consecutive day here on Tuesday. With 4.5 mm rain on the second day of the week, the rainfall held here reached the mark of 275 mm, with southern parts of city receiving the maximum rainfall.According to the meteorological department of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, their are chances of heavy rain on Wednesday.The met department also forecast similar weather pattern in the days to come.The maximum temperature recorded on Tuesday was 32 degrees. This is 1.4 degrees less than that on Monday.The minimum temperature remained at 23.3 degrees, 1.2 degrees higher than the previous day.The incandescent rains also led to an increase in the humidity level in the atmosphere which made it difficult for commuters. The humidity recorded in the morning hours was 90%, which further declined in the noon hours and was recorded at 75%.Frequent traffic snarls also gave a tough time to the commuters. Rains has also increased the power cuts and electricity faults in many areas while it also adds to the worsening of water-logged roads.Several places of the city received isolated and erratic rainfalls on Tuesday.The areas- Mall road, Gumti, Naveen Market etc were the places that received rainfall while, their were heavy rains in Kidwai Nagar, Yashoda Nagar and other southern areas of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812659", "title": "Teen apes TV scene, hangs self", "text": "MUMBAI: A 15-year-old boy accidentally hanged himself while imitating a suicide scene from a TV show in his Vile Parle (E) home on Tuesday. The police have ruled out foul play in the boy's death and said it was not a suicide case. Senior inspector (Vile Parle) Shashikant Talegaonkar said, \"The boy died accidently while playing in the house with his brother.\"The deceased, Akash Gupta, tied one end of his mother's dupatta to the ceiling of the mezzanine floor and wrapped the other end around his neck, said the police. \"Akash was standing on a bed and lost his balance,\" said an officer, adding, \"He was strangulated.\"Akash's brother, who was with him in the room, realized something had gone wrong when the former stopped reacting to his calls. The boy called out to their mother, who was cooking on the ground floor, but she didn't pay heed, assuming her son was being playful. When she completed her chores and went up to the mezzanine floor half an hour later, she found Akash hanging from the ceiling, said the police. She took him to a doctor, who declared him dead.The Guptas told the police that Akash used to watch a lot of crime serials on TV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14812794", "title": "7650 posts of school teachers vacant", "text": "PATNA: Expressing concern over the large number of vacant posts of teachers in the government-run secondary schools, principal secretary (education department) Amarjeet Sinha on Tuesday asked the district-level department officials to ensure the recruitment of teachers against all the vacant posts by the beginning of December this year.\"It is a serious issue... We are opening schools without teachers. We have enrolled students, but are failing to provide them quality education due to shortage of teachers. Complete the recruitment process by the beginning of December so that the enrolled students can study in the classroom for at least three to four months in current academic session,\" Sinha said while addressing a workshop of education officials here.More than 7,650 posts of teachers in various secondary and newly upgraded higher secondary schools are lying vacant. According to figures provided by the secondary education directorate, there are only 26,556 teachers as against the sanctioned strength of 34,233 teachers in secondary schools.Sinha also advised the district officials, particularly the district project officers, to work in close coordination with the district education officers (DEOs) and ensure timely compliance of instructions issued from the state headquarters.Addressing the workshop, Bihar Education Project (BEP) director Rahul Singh said the construction of buildings for schools under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan was getting delayed mainly because of the dilly-dallying attitude of technical supervisors (TSs), engineers and accounts section at the DEO office. Singh said many of the TSs were working as 'brokers' of their respective DEOs. The TSs and engineers generally do not give their approval to the bills in time. If they clear the bills, the accounts section takes another several weeks in clearing the bills raised against the completed construction work.According to Singh, the state has a shortage of 2,70,000 classrooms as per the provisions in the RTE Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813087", "title": "Driver ends life with sons in temple tank", "text": "CHENNAI: A 45-year-old man jumped into a temple tank with his two sons, aged 9 and 6, near Baluchetty Chatram near Tiruvallur, on Monday. Police recovered their bodies and said they died of drowning.Police found a suicide note from K Umapathy's shirt pocket. The letter was wrapped in a polythene cover. In the note, Umapathy said that he decided to end his life due to poverty. Umapathy worked as a car driver for two decades but was struggling to make ends meet.Devotees of Vijaya Ragava Perumal Temple found two abandoned school bags and another bag on the steps of the tank.Temple authorities informed the police and fire personnel. They reached the temple in the evening and fished out the bodies. Police said Umapathy, a native of Kancheepuram, had come to his mother-in-law's house in Baluchetty Chatram. He informed them that he would return after visiting a doctor.Police said, Umapathy met a doctor, picked his two sons from school and brought them to the temple. Mohanasundaram and Vijay were in their uniform when they jumped into the tank. Baluchetty Chatram police have registered a case under Section 174 (unnatural death) of CrPC. Police have sent the bodies to the government hospital in Tiruvallur for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814626", "title": "Government concedes to most of Dhotre's demands", "text": "NAGPUR: With forest minister Patangrao Kadam virtually agreeing to almost all the demands raised by wildlife activist Bandu Dhotre, his nine-day indefinite fast will be called off on Wednesday evening.Dhotre was shifted to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) on Sunday night after his health deteriorated. On the intervention by minister for food and civil supplies Anil Deshmukh, minister of state for finance Rajendra Mulak and guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe, a core team of activists including Shyam Pandharipande, Swanand Soni of Srushti and Dhirendra Mulkalwar of Eco-Pro was called to Mumbai for talks on Tuesday.The talks on 16 demands raised by Dhotre were held in the chamber of Kadam in Vidhan Bhavan. Four ministers from Vidarbha - Moghe, Nitin Raut, Sanjay Deotale and Mulak - were present.Principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi and joint secretary Vivek Khandekar also attended the meeting that lasted for an hour.On the major demand of merging Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) area into Chandrapur division to make it a wildlife circle, Kadam said it would be difficult to do that but said an eco-development plan for FDCM areas will be prepared. The FDCM has 900 sq km area under it in Chandrapur.The plan will be implemented by FDCM under the direct monitoring of Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) field director. There are already restrictions on FDCM activity in buffer area of TATR.Kadam conceded to rest of the 15 demands by Dhotre which included electronics surveillance of TATR projects on the lines of Jim Corbett tiger reserve, declaring Chandrapur as the tiger district, corridor mapping, reserve forest force in Chandrapur, posting of additional guards in territorial areas, wildlife forensic laboratory in Nagpur, rescue centre in Chandrapur and reorganization of beats will be implemented in a time-bound manner.For speedy implementation of the demands two committees headed by field directors and NGOs at Chandrapur and Nagpur level will be constituted.Kadam added a GR on parapet walls to open wells in forest areas has already been issued. A deadline will be given to zilla parishads to cover all the open wells now. \"We are also in process of releasing secret funds and implementing 'van patils' scheme,\" he said.On the issue of shifting resorts near TATR in the buffer area, Kadam said it won't be possible as most land in buffer zone is privately owned. However, 'Go' and 'No Go' zones will be earmarked to see that resorts do not affect tiger corridors.Kadam also talked to Dhotre and appealed to him to call off the fast. The fast would be called off on Wednesday evening. Dhotre has thanked all the NGOs, organizations, individuals and local leaders for supporting him to save tigers. The supporters have been urged to remain present in large numbers at the fast venue in Civil Lines at 11am.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14815055", "title": "PCMC decides not to give Charholi land development authority", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has decided not to part away with its land at Charholi which was to be transferred to the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (MHADA) for a low-cost housing scheme. Instead, the PCMC general body passed a resolution on Monday to start its own housing scheme for the economically-weaker sections (EWS).The civic administration had earlier proposed that the land in its possession be transferred to MHADA for the Rajiv Awas Yojana. The proposal had been kept pending for the last three months. Meanwhile, the PCMC is also seeking land for a EWS housing scheme for 13,250 families. Each tenement will have an area of 400 sq ft. The first phase has started in Chikhli. tnnwhere 6,700 flats are being constructedIn another decision, the general body rejected a proposal to supply 5 lakh litre water per day to the neighbouring Alandi Municipal Council at the rate of Rs 2.5 per 1,000 litres. This proposal was pending with the GB for over an year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813137", "title": "Decision on deemed university students today", "text": "CHENNAI: The academic council of Hindustan (deemed) University will meet on Wednesday to find a solution to the students' protest that has affected life on the campus. A group of students has been on strike for four days against the decision to detain students with arrears.The university had detained 118 of the more than 1,100 students in the batch, who had more than three arrears over the last two years, from going to the third year. \"We wanted to help students and offer them resources to aid their studies before they finished their course. It is a competitive world, and most companies have a zero-arrear policy for placements. We are insisting that students clear the pending papers to make them more employable,\" said university deputy director S Venu Menon.Talking about a student who had 29 arrears from among 35 papers over the last four semesters, Menon added that with as many arrears the students were likely to accumulate arrears over the next four semesters as well. \"This is the time for them to clear the pending papers,\" Menon said. While the students disrupted classes last week, classes took place as usual on Tuesday.The students and their parents demanded that the break system be changed to allow students to continue to the third year. Senior members of the management met on Tuesday evening to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814041", "title": "SP backed corporator thrashes sanitary worker in Old City area", "text": "LUCKNOW: Traffic situation in parts of Old City area went for a toss after safai-karamcharis of Lucknow Municipal Corporation blocked the roads in protest, after a Samajwadi Party-supported corporator allegedly clashed with one of them.According to reports, trouble started on Tuesday morning after SP-supported corporator of Mallahitola ward, Anurag Pandey reportedly issued an 'order' that all safai-karamcharis would report at his house every morning and that it will be he who will post them as per the requirement.Pandey also clashed with sanitary inspector, Sacchidanand, beat in charge, Anil and allegedly bashed up a safai-karamchari Rachit after they refused to comply. The incident left other cleaning staff agitated even as a host of them started assembling in Thakurganj. By noon hundreds of them gathered at the spot and blocked the road.They also stopped some of garbage ferrying vehicles of LMC, unloaded the garbage and strewed it all over the road even as commuters watched in utter dismay while municipal officials stood clueless. The karamcharis also threatened to go on a strike.Things took an ugly turn after the corporator clashed with police leaving municipal authorities in the zone completely red faced. Municipal commissioner Nagendra Prasad Singh had to rush to the spot to ease out the situation, which by then had completely gone out of control. Later an FIR was lodged against Pandey.Singh said that the safai-karamcharis have agreed not to go on a strike after being pacified. He confirmed that the municipal administration got an FIR registered against the corporator.Municipal officials said that the 'diktat' of the newly elected corporator was unwarranted. \"This is the season when roads and localities need more cleaning. How can we spare the cleaning staff for the corporator,\" said a senior official in the zone. Karamcharis alleged that the corporator wanted to get only those localities in the ward cleaned up where he thought people voted for him.The ward has in all 17 safai-karamcharis, as against the requirement of nearly a hundred. \"We are carrying out the ward with such a meagre strength. And now this agitation,\" said a municipal official.The Samajwadi Party has been drawing flak from the opposition for a deteriorating law and order situation. Allegations of party workers' unruly behaviour have also been a cause of concern for the party, which, only four months ago, swept the assembly polls by an absolute majority. However, incidents of SP supporters misbehaving with the masses and officials are leaving the SP leaders embarrassed.In fact, the said incident happened on a day when SP chief was asking the party workers to prepare themselves for the Lok Sabha elections. SP though did not contest the urban local bodies' polls, but supported the candidates. Pandey happens to be just one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14816974", "title": "State govt to recruit only matriculate home guards", "text": "GUWAHATI: Over 500 specially trained home guards of Assam Special Police Officers (ASPO) have lost their hope of getting absorbed in the Assam Industrial Security Force as the state government decided to recruit only those who have matriculated.The ASPO Welfare Association had relentlessly pressed the state government to recruit the home guards last year and the state government had promised to recruit all the 900 policemen in the force shortly. However, in the recent discussion between ASPO and the state government, it said it will only recruit those who have passed their matric exams.\"Over 60 per cent of the ASPOs have not matriculated. Around 540 policemen will lose their chance to get a job. This is just another incident of the state government's use and throw tactics,\" said Parag Buragohain, secretary of ASPO Welfare Association.To combat the insurgency problem mainly in the Dima Hasao hill districts of Assam, the state government had deployed 900 specially-trained home guards known as ASPOs. Three of them were killed in counter terrorist attacks and 10 others due to the non-availability of medicines in the district in 2009.\"We fought with DHD militants. After normalcy returned to the hill district, the state government did not hesitate to throw us off duty. Now that the DHD militants have surrendered, even the ultras are being recruited in the security forces by the state government without any condition but not us. Should we also join some militant group and then surrender to get our jobs?\" said Tapan Roy, president of the association.All India Home Guard Welfare Association, Assam unit also demanded an immediate amendment of the Assam Home Guards Act, 1947. \"While home guards of other states are getting a daily allowance of over Rs 250 to Rs 400, the home guards on duty here are only getting Rs 150 as their daily allowance. Even when a home guard died on duty, the state government did not give compensation,\" said Dipen Barman, president of the state unit of the home guard association.The ASPO Welfare Association threatened to stage a demonstration from July 16 to July 20 at Dispur last gate demanding an immediate solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812302", "title": "Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan renews contracts of 168 para-teachers", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) issued orders on Tuesday renewing the contracts of 168 para-teachers for the current academic year 2012-13, following orders from chief minister Manohar Parrikar . The para-teachers had approached Parrikar, who is also the education minister, to resolve the matter of their appointment.Para-teachers are employed by the Goa SSA on an annual contract basis and their services are employed in government primary schools.\"The annual contracts of the para-teachers ended on March 31 and they had met the chief minister about their contracts not being renewed. The chief minister, in his meeting, told them that their contracts would be renewed but made it clear that it will be only for a year. He asked them to take up and continue further studies in the meantime,\" an official source said.Para-teachers' job involves assisting government primary teachers, especially in teaching English as the regional language teachers may lack the English language skills. Services of para-teachers are also used where schools have single teachers or there are fewer teachers available as against the enrolment. \"For the first three years of the SSA programme being launched, the central government would make the financial provision for appointment of para-teachers. But since the last two years or so, it is the state government who is paying for appointment of the para-teachers as no provision is being made by the central government, as their appointment was only to streamline teaching during the initial years of SSA. Therefore, the issue went to the chief minister as it was question of state funds,\" the source said.The para-teachers had held a protest in September 2009 demanding that their services be regularized and that they be brought on par with government servants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14813959", "title": "Family thought maid's job was best bet for daughter", "text": "BANGALORE: The employers of 15-year-old domestic help Lakshmi (name changed), who attempted suicide following alleged harassment, initially hid the news from her family.Rajesh Jain's relative Ravi called Lakshmi's father Thambi (name changed) and asked him to rush to the Kumara Park residence of his daughter's employers.Thambi and his wife rushed to Rajesh's house. Rajesh's wife, Kanchana, told Thambi they had had enough of Lakshmi and paid him some money. \"When I asked her where Lakshmi was, I was told to find her in Fortis Hospital, Seshadripuram,\" Thambi told TOI. The father, who could not figure out what was happening, went to the hospital and found Rajesh Jain and his son Jithin there. They told Thambi that Lakshmi was in the ICU.Lakshmi is the eldest of daily wage worker Thambi's four children. She has two younger brothers and a 3-year-old sister. While Thambi's father suffers from TB, his wife is an asthma patient. The offer from Rajesh Jain's family to employ Lakshmi came when Thambi was going through tough times financially.Ravi had got in touch with Sumathi, Lakshmi's aunt, to find a domestic help. He said she was needed to take care of Rajesh's ill wife.\"What could we have done? Sexual assaults were rampant in our locality. A girl from our slum was working in a nearby house as a domestic help and she spoke good things about her job. We thought this job was the best bet for our girl. We needed money for the family,\" said Thambi.Lakshmi was promised a monthly salary of Rs 2,000. She was given two main tasks: taking care of Rajesh's wife and buying essential items for the house. Over time, the responsibilities increased. Lakshmi told social workers on Sunday she had to clean the entire building and cook food.But Lakshmi never told her parents of the bad time she was having at work when she visited her home last year.On Tuesday, Meena Jain, chairperson, child welfare commission, visited Lakshmi in the hospital. \"We have asked for copies of the case documents and we will extend all help to the girl,\" Meena said.The caseSeshadripuram police booked a case under Sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 354 (assault or use of criminal force), 504 (intentional insult to provoke breach of peace) and 509 (insult of a woman) of Indian Penal Code read with Section 23 of Juvenile Justice (Care of Protection of Children) Act, 2000 and Section 26 of Child Labour in Hazardous Employment ( Abolition, Rehabilitation and Welfare) Act, 2000.Doctor speaksLakshmi has suffered multiple fractures. Her right femur and spine have taken a hit. There is huge blood loss. She was brought here on Sunday afternoon. We took her for surgery around 5pm. She was doing well after the surgery but she started developing problems in her brain. She suffered a respiratory arrest and also a heart attack. She is on ventilator.Dr Anant Chawan | consultant orthopaedic surgeon, Fortis Hospital", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14812547", "title": "Protest against nursing college", "text": "TRICHY: More than 160 members of the CPI, SFI ( Students Federation of India) and the parents of students studying at the St Sacred Heart Nursing College in Kumbakonam, staged a daylong hunger strike on Monday, seeking action against the former director of the college, Mariam Francis.In February, about 130 girl students pursuing BSc Nursing had sought the college authorities to shift Mariam Francis, for allegedly harassing the students. After a series of protests, the issue once again came to the fore on Monday as no action was taken. As all of their efforts went in vain, the parents also joined the protest and staged a hunger strike to intensify the protest to insist the college administration to shift Mariam Francis elsewhere from St Sacred Heart hospital, which is situated inside the college campus.MA Bharathi, the district executive member of CPI told TOI that after the first allegation by the students against Mariam Francis in February, a peace committee led by the revenue divisional officer (RDO), Kumbakonam was held in March when the college administration accepted to transfer him from the college. However, it shifted him to the hospital inside the college campus. The students once again allegedly faced discrimination whenever they went to attend practical classes in the hospital.One of the parents on the condition of anonymity said that many skilled teachers had left the college after such allegations cropped up and it was students who are affected badly. Hence, the college administration should remove him from the hospital and post him in some other place. It may be recalled that a student of the college, B Shilpa from Nachiyarkovil on June 20 consumed sleeping pills in a bid to commit suicide as a consequence of alleged intimidation by the college principal Esther Rani. Though the student survived, the police filed a case against the principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14812875", "title": "Non-viable departments of Magadh University colleges to be closed", "text": "GAYA: Departments of Magadh University (MU) colleges having less than 10 students on its rolls will be closed and the students of these departments will be transferred to the nearest constituent college of the university. A decision to close the non-viable departments having less than 10 students was recently taken up by the state government and it will be implemented in all the 44 constituent colleges of the university. The closure decision has been taken in view of the rationalization exercise to strike a balance between the teacher-taught ratio in MU colleges.As per the contents of the notification issued by education department joint secretary KK Rai, the number of teachers working in the post graduate departments and constituent colleges of the university stood at 1,531 against the 2,560 pre-rationalization number of posts. The rationalization proposal aims at abolishing 432 posts to establish a reasonable balance in the teacher-taught ratio.Besides abolishing 432 posts, 91 posts have been kept on hold, which means that though these posts have not altogether been abolished, appointments too will not be made against such posts. These 91 posts can be revived in case the number of students goes up. Whereas posts in the subjects losing popularity among the students have been abolished/surrendered, 59 new posts too have been created in subjects enjoying higher student acceptance.Moreover, intra-university shifting of 250 posts has also been planned which means that colleges with less number of students will be having less number of sanctioned posts and the existing surplus posts in these colleges will be allocated to colleges having more students on its rolls.The rationalization details also say that 440 teachers will be transferred from teacher-surplus colleges to teacher-deficit colleges. In order to reduce the chances of favouritism, discrimination and partisanship in the proposed transfers, the state government has framed a guideline which says that in the matter of transfers to give real shape to the rationalization decision, junior most teachers occupying the bottom slot of the gradation list will be transferred first.The rationalization process, as per the government directive, will begin after the publication of results of the academic session 2011-12. In MU, the process is likely to be delayed due to non-implementation of the academic calendar. Even the degree Part I examination of the academic session 2011-12 is yet to begin. The exam is tentatively scheduled for the last week of July, 2012. The government notification also bans fresh recruitment till the full execution of the rationalization formula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814089", "title": "Elopement linked self-immolation: Cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vejalpur police officials probing the suicide of Premji Jitiya, a labour contractor who immolated himself on Sunday, have claimed that he knew about a couple's elopement plan. Police say Jitiya had also given them money. According to police's theory, he committed suicide because he was afraid of police action against him.In his dying declaration, Jitiya, 35, had cited police harassment and had named Pankaj, a police constable at the Vejalpur police station. Jitiya died at VS Hospital on Monday morning. His death sparked a major ruckus as members of his community sought justice and demanded a probe.\"Jitiya was questioned about the disappearance of a 16-year-old girl who used to work for him,\" said a Vejalpur police official. \"He denied having any information about her or the youth who eloped with her.\" The duo was later found in Fatepura in the Dahod district through technical surveillance. \"While Soma Pargi was arrested for rape and abduction, a couple that helped the duo was caught for playing a role,\" the official said.H P Dave, an inspector of the Vejalpur police station who is probing the case, told TOI that the eloped couple has stated that Jitiya knew about their location as they had met him before their elopement. \"We believe that he feared action against him as he knew that the probe was heading in the right direction,\" Dave said. \"He would have been booked for helping a youth abduct a minor girl. His allegations against policemen are being investigated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814384", "title": "GMCH interns allege malpractice in issuing certificates", "text": "NAGPUR: In a big revelation of sorts, internship students at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) have for the first time openly come out against misappropriation of attendance, for the interns as well as externs, during their one year of postings at the college. They claim though a large chunk of interns, and almost all externs, hardly attend duties in the wards and spend most of their time studying for the post graduate entrance exam, yet they manage to get internship completion certificate (ICC).Though the interns are not ready to come on record fearing backlash and harassment by the teachers, the written complaints sent to the TOI by these students paint a grim and alarming picture of the situation in the college. In fact, a number of interns told TOI that almost all the externs, about 50-80, do not attend the postings in various departments at all. \"Externs, most of them belonging to doctor's families and influential colleges, say the GMCH dean or college administration can do nothing as they have been bribed well,\" said an intern.One of the senior teachers at the GMCH, too, confirmed that he has never seen any extern ever posted to his department. Of course, the problem is not limited to just externs but applies to interns as well. \"Most of the interns do not attend any duties, especially during the last 3-4 months of the internship programme but they get ICC from the department heads. So, what exactly is the use of an internship? Neither the students benefit in any manner in improving their skills in the various departments nor do the patient get the required services. It is like creating half-baked doctors,\" said another intern.When the college dean was asked to explain the reasons, he shifted the responsibility to the in charge of the internship programme, professor and head of preventive and social medicine at GMCH, Dr Arun Humne. Dr Humne denied any such malpractice being adopted by the heads of the department or by him. He said interns studying for PG entrance was a universal phenomenon and not restricted to GMCH alone.Yet on its part, GMCH this year, after receiving some complaints, has taken written undertakings on stamp paper that the college administration would not be in any way responsible for any shortage of attendance in case the students do not attend all their posting duties. They will also not be allowed to continue with the practice of repeating the postings between the internship and after the PG entrance till they join the MD course.\"This is a proactive measure on our part to tackle the problem. The undertakings have already come to us. So, this year no one will be favoured. Otherwise also it is the head of the departments who send us the ICC. I am not directly responsible for issuing the ICC,\" clarified Dr Humne. He also gave a blunt reply to the externs' issue. \"There are just 25-30 externs and no one was favoured. Again, here the heads issue the ICC, we are just coordinators,\" he added.Interns say that they were forced to give the undertaking to save themselves from any harassment and also to follow the rules. \"We definitely want to abide by the rules. They are in our favour as they help us achieve the right training which we miss out by not attending all the posting, which includes two months in each major discipline of medicine,\" said another intern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14812353", "title": "Ponda man held for attempt to rape", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police on Tuesday arrested one Nitesh Matkar, 24, from Nirankal in Ponda for allegedly attempting to rape and murder a 38-year-old married woman from the same village on Monday evening.Ponda police said that the woman was returning home when the accused allegedly dragged her to the roadside forest cover in the village and attempted to rape her.\"While dragging her into the forest, she cried for help and baffled by her cry, the accused battered her by hitting her face with his fist. However, the people who had heard her cry rushed to the site and rescued the woman,\" police told TOI on Tuesday.The cops also said that the accused fled from the scene soon after the locals approached them. She had some injuries on her face. The woman later filed a complaint with the Ponda police.Based on her complaint, the Ponda police arrested the accused on Tuesday afternoon. The police have registered an offence against him under sections 307 (attempt to murder), 376 (rape), 511 (attempt to commit an offence) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Cops said that the accused would be produced before the JMFC court for seeking his custodial remand on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "14816836", "title": "Two minor girls rescued in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: Two minor girls were rescued from the clutches of traffickers at Bhaldamchatti locality, four km from the district town of Gumla, on Tuesday. Three persons who were taking them outside the state were arrested.The victims are a 14-year-old resident of Telga Megatoli and six-year-old resident of Parkala village in Kurdeg. Both are from Simdega district, said inspector of police Amish Hussein who led the raid.Three arrested persons were Mandakini of Luru village at Raidih in Gumla district, Phulkumari of Kinkel village in Kurdeg of Simdega district and Rajesh Kujur, a resident of Hutap village in Kisko of Lohardaga district, Hussein said.Police got a tip off that some traffickers were collecting girls from different places to take them to Delhi in the name of giving them job there. A team of police raided the house of one Nanku Oraon at Bhaldamchatti and rescued two girls while arresting the trio at 9am on Tuesday.Arrested persons had brought these girls from their native places and kept them at Oraon's house which the traffickers had taken on rent, police said.\"Family members of these girls have been informed through Simdega police and the district child welfare committee has also been apprised of the incident,\" the police inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813325", "title": "The Dirty Picture cleared for telecast after 100 cuts", "text": "NEW DELHI: 'The Dirty Picture' has finally been given a clean chit for telecast after nearly 100 cuts. The controversial national award winning film that had been banned from being screened on TV before 11 pm has now got the nod for general viewing.Sources said the producers of the Vidya Balan starrer approached the Central Board for Film Certification (CBFC) volunteering an additional 40 cuts. Certain words have been muted while 3-4 minutes of the film have been chopped off. The film had got 59 cuts in April but had been given a U/A certificate with a rider that it be screened only post-11 pm. The rider has now been withdrawn and a universal certificate given to the film.\"The Board allowed them to make those deletions and made the endorsement to that effect on the film's certificate. The film can now be shown during general viewing hours on television,\" an official said.Sources said TV channel Sony, which had run promos of the film's telecast on prime time in April before being stopped by the I&B; ministry, had asked the producers to go for more cuts to ensure that the movie could be telecast during prime time.Officials said under Rule 33 of the Cinematographic Act, filmmakers can re-submit their films for certification after making additions or deletions to the films.In normal circumstances, changes which amount to an addition or deletion of up to 5 to 7 minutes are allowed and the Board certifies the new version of the movie. The I&B; ministry had to step in to stop screening of 'The Dirty Picture' on prime time TV after an April 19 order of the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court had asked the ministry to ensure that the telecast of the movie did not violate guidelines.The I&B; ministry had then turned to CBFC for advice which had said the U/A certificate given to the film after several cuts meant that parental guidance was a must. CBFC had also asked the ministry to tell all channels, which are \"planning to telecast U/A rated movies in near future\", to do so only after 11 pm.\"After 'The Dirty Picture' episode, the Censor board has, while rating movies U/A, even set a condition on their certificates that the movie would not be screened before 11 pm,\" the official said.The senior official said the Censor Board had in the past consistently felt that the spirit of its certification had to be maintained and there should be a mechanism in which in U/A rated films viewers should be apprised of the need for parental guidance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14818149", "title": "Gang of vehicle-lifters busted, 3 nabbed", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police claim to have busted a gang of vehicle lifters who used to lift two-wheelers from different areas of the city and dismantled them to sell spare parts. The arrested accused have been identified as Jeewan Kumar, 24, Ranjeet Singh alias Babbu, 27, and Vijay Kumar , 26, all residents of Tibba Road. The accused were arrested from local Adda Chowk on Monday evening by cops of Kotwali police station.ACP, North, Swapan Sharma said, \"We have recovered one activa scooter and two motorcycles from the accused. In addition to these, we have also recovered 30 dismantled motorcycles from the accused, which they were planning to sell as scrap. All accused are drug addicts and cases of vehicle lifting were already registered against Ranjeet, who is a scrap dealer, and Vijay. The gang used a master key for vehicle lifting.\"The ACP added, \"In addition to the gang members, we have also arrested another person, Farhad Alam, who is a resident of Uttar Pradesh, and used to work for Sunny Kumar of Shivprui. Both used to sell diluted diesel as kerosene oil. They were arrested from Shivpuri Chowk on Monday evening.\"According to sources in police, 1,200 litres of diluted diesel has been recovered from the accused, who was driving around with it on his autorickshaw.Further, preliminary investigation revealed that a case of diluted oil was already registered against Sunny Kumar and earlier too cops had recovered 1,600 liters of diluted oil from him, sources added. ACP added, \"Sunny is still absconding and we would nab him soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814010", "title": "Presidential poll: Students\u2019 Federation of India dissolves dissenter JNU unit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The central leadership of Students' Federation of India has dissolved the JNU unit of the organization for its refusal to acquiesce to the CPM leadership's decision to support Congress nominee Pranab Mukheerjee in the July 19 presidential polls.Four members of the Delhi state committee of SFI belonging to JNU who refused to heed the central leadership's directive to fall in line have also been expelled. They are Roshan Kishore (president, Delhi SFI), P K Anand and Zico Dasgupta (both vice-presidents) and V Lenin Kumar (member of state committee).The punishment was decided at a meeting of the Delhi SFI state unit called on Tuesday to discuss the strong dissent lodged by the JNU unit. The meeting was attended by P K Biju, all-India president of SFI; Ritabrata Banerjee, all-India general secretary of the organization; and V Sivadasan, all-India joint secretary.Roshan said, \"The four Delhi state committee members from JNU explained the rationale behind the political position adopted by the SFI-JNU unit. Unfortunately, there was no effort on the part of the all-India leadership to provide any political explanations or arguments. Instead, a tirade was launched against us. The state committee members from Delhi University and Jamia Millia Islamia, who tried to intervene and argue for a political resolution, were coerced into submission.\"The national leadership, however, claimed the decision was \"democratic\". The meeting passed the resolution by a margin of eight votes to four.Three Delhi committee members, including the secretary, were out of station and not present in the meeting.Earlier, Prasenjit Bose, a former SFI leader from JNU who headed the research unit of CPM, was expelled from the party for questioning its decision to support Mukherjee.CPM general secretary Prakash Karat had justified the surprise decision to support Congress's candidate by citing arch rival Mamata Banerjee's opposition to the Congress candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14815172", "title": "Jail superintendent of Rajoana lands in contempt loop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In defiance of court orders by Patiala jail superintendent, Lakhwinder Singh Jakhar to hang Balwant Singh Rajoana, assassin of former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh, has landed him contempt loop. Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday issued show cause notice to Jakhar for August 7, asking him as to why contempt of court proceedings should not be initiated against him for defying a judicial order.A division bench comprising justice Surya Kant and justice R P Nagrath issued the notice after hearing a reference from additional district and sessions judge Chandigarh, Shalini Singh Nagpal.In her reference sent to the high court, Nagpal had sought action against Jhakhar informing that the warrants of execution of Balwant Singh Rajoana's death sentence were sent to Jakhar on March 5, but he refused to execute the warrants and returned the same giving the reason that Patiala jail had no territorial jurisdiction to execute the same.Giving reasons for not obeying the execution orders, Jakhar had informed the lower court, citied some apex court judgments, according to which jail superintendent is bound to check the status of the case and appeals pertaining to any case, where execution of death sentence has been issued to him for some accused. He had also cited some jurisdictional problem in executing Rajoana at Patiala.Finding it a case of contempt of court against jail superintendent, additional district and sessions judge Shalini Nagpal had later decided to refer the matter before high court for further action.A special CBI court held inside Chandigarh's Burail jail had awarded death sentence to Balwant Singh Rajoana and Jagtar Singh Hawara on August 1, 2007. While three other accused Lakhwinder Singh, Gurmeet Singh and Shamsher Singh were sentenced to life imprisonment for hatching conspiracy in the incident. Later, the death sentence of Jagtar Singh Hawara was commuted to life sentence in October 2010 by the Punjab and Haryana high court, but Balwant Singh had refused to appeal against the death sentence and the same was also confirmed by the high court.However, Rajoana's death sentence was stayed on March 28 with the intervention of the Union home ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14814763", "title": "Minister directs to conduct open heart surgeries within one month", "text": "COIMBATORE: State health Minister Dr VS Vijay today inspected Coimbatore Medical College Hospital here in the city and issued strict instructions to the cardiology department to take necessary measures to ensure that the hospital is ready to conduct open heart surgery for patients in the western region within the next one month.The minister issued stern instructions to the hospital administration and the two serving cardiothoracic surgeons to make sure that they cooperate with the authorities and make all necessary arrangements to carry out the medical procedure. Patients requiring open heart surgery especially from the economically weaker sections of the society in the entire western region have to be either referred to government hospitals in Chennai or Madurai at the moment as they cannot afford treatment at other private medical facilities in the region.\"The minister has instructed us to be ready to carry out open heart surgery within the next one month. We have all major equipment ready to carry out the surgery and a few minor arrangements are need to be made which will be completed soon,\" said R Vimala, Dean, Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.The state minister was in the city to conduct a regional level review meeting to assess the dengue monitoring activities being undertaken in the region, inspect the government hospital complex and also visit some of the hospital wards. The last open heart surgery was conducted in the hospital about a few years ago after which it has not conducted a single major open heart surgery till date. The first open heart surgery was conducted at the hospital in July 2004 and the two cardio thoracic surgeons involved in it are presently serving at the hospital.\"We have all necessary equipment including heart lung machine at the hospital to carry out such complex medical procedures,\" said a senior doctor at the hospital.Hospital authorities have already got permission from the government to depute additional technicians from Rajaji GH in Madurai to assist in the procedures after they finalise any open heart surgery to be conducted at the hospital. However, sources also added that there were certain internal matters to be settled among the senior doctors before the cardiology department becomes fully equipped to conduct the surgery.The minister also visited the telecobalt radiotherapy room and assured authorities that the old equipment will be soon replaced. The unit for cancer treatment is presently not in use at the hospital and patients requiring treatment are referred to Salem GH from Coimbatore. District Collector M Karunagaran, City mayor Sm Velusamy and senior officials from health department and district administration also accompanied the minister during his visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "tripoli", "code": "14813599", "title": "Gaddafi\u2019s rebel PM takes lead in Libya elections", "text": "TRIPOLI: Wartime rebel PM Mahmoud Jibril took an early lead in Libya's national assembly election, according to partial tallies released on Monday that pointed to a weaker than expected showing for Islamist parties.If confirmed, that trend would set Libya apart from other Arab Spring countries like Egypt and Tunisia where groups with overtly religious agendas have done well \u2014 although Jibril insists his multi-party alliance is neither secular nor liberal and includes sharia Islamic law among its core values. Saturday's poll was the first free national vote in six decades and drew a line under 42 years of ,former Muammar Gaddafi's dictatorship Muammar Muammar Gaddafi International observers said it went well despite violent incidents that killed at least two people.Jibril's National Forces Alliance (NFA) was heading for landslide victories in the Tripoli suburb of Janzour and the western region towns of Zlitan, Misalata, Tarhouna and Khoms with over three-quarters of votes counted in those areas. In Misrata, Libya's third city, the Union for the Homeland led by a long-time Gaddafi opponent, was on course to win.Neither the Justice and Construction party \u2014 political wing of the Libyan counterpart of the Muslim Brotherhood that now dominates the Egyptian parliament \u2014 nor the Al-Watan Islamist group led by an ex-rebel militia chief did well in the tallies.A strong showing by English speaking Jibril, who is a fluent English-speaker already familiar in Western capitals for conducting most of the rebels' diplomacy, is likely to sit well with Nato allies who backed the uprising to oust Gaddafi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14817690", "title": "Man tries to kill sister-in-law, consumes poison", "text": "VARANASI: Guddu, a native of Badagaon, who consumed poison after slitting the throat of his sister-in-law Nandini at the residence of her parents in Kalyanpur village under Kachhwa police station in Mirzapur district, died at SPG hospital on Tuesday. Nandini was struggling for life.According to reports, Guddu, who worked in Kolkata to earn livelihood, stayed at his parental house in Basani area under Badagaon police station with the family of his elder brother, Rajkumar. Rajkumar is employed in Mumbai while his wife, Nandini and two sons live at his parental house. Guddu informed some days back that he had married some woman in Kolkata, though no one from his family had seen his wife.For the past two and a half months Nandini had been residing at her parents' place in Kalyanpur village. On Monday, Rajkumar called Guddu and asked him to bring Nandini back to their house.Guddu reached Kalyanpur where he slit Nandini's throat after midnight and consumed poison. Nandini's family members rushed the duo to SPG hospital in Varanasi where Guddu died during the course of his treatment while Nandini's condition was stated to be critical. Police were trying to know the reason behind Guddu's action after sending his body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817761", "title": "It\u2019s Delhi chalo for Kakababu", "text": "Imtiaz Ali did it, and now it is Srijit Mukherji's turn. While Imtiaz filmed parts of his blockbuster \"Rockstar\" on a Delhi campus, Srijit may soon be travelling to JNU to shoot for his Kakababu flick with Prosenjit Chatterjee.But that's where the similarity ends. \" Rockstar \" captured the banter, romance and camaraderie of college life, but Srijit's film will delve into Delhi's underbelly as Kakababu investigates his case. \"I went to Delhi a few days back for a recce. Talks are on but nothing has been finalized, as permissions are needed. I was a JNU student and stayed in Delhi for a few years. Hopefully I'll be able to incorporate my memories in the film. It would be a pleasure to shoot on campus. The story shows Kakababu going to Delhi to investigate. We'll be shooting in the narrow lanes of old Delhi too.\"After the success of a romantic satire like \"Hemlock Society\", what prompted Srijit to opt for the pop appeal of Kakababu? \"It was actually my niece Spandana. She complained, 'Mamu, why don't you make films for us? I couldn't watch \"Baishe Srabon\" nor \"Hemlock Society\" as both were adult films.' So, I thought it was high time to make films for children. Kakababu will be a cinematic holiday for each of us,\" smiled Srijit.What about Prosenjit 's look as Kakababu? Srijit is tightlipped. \"More than the physical attributes, I will explore the attitude and personality of Kakabau as conceived by Sunil Ganguly. Bumbada's look will be contemporary as I will re-interpret Kakababu in my own way keeping in mind Sunilda's vision.\"Talking about his tuning with Prosenjit, the director admits, \"It is a utter delight to work with Bumbada. I couldn't think of any other actor apart from him as Kakababu. When Kakababu walks into a room, everyone looks up. Who else but Bumbada has such screen presence?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812185", "title": "Mining runoffs hit water supply to south Goa", "text": "PANAJI: High content of manganese in raw water at Selaulim water treatment plant has forced authorities to restrict water supply by about 40 million litres daily (mld) to the densely populated talukas of Salcete and Mormugao.The plant in Selaulim pumps out a total of about 180 mld, but heavy concentration of manganese due to runoffs from mining dumps in catchment areas brought down the output to around 140 mld. The problem has been plaguing the treatment of raw water for the past fortnight.\"The rate of filtration reduces due to presence of manganese,\" PWD superintending engineer SR Paranjape said. A content of 1 mg per litre of manganese is permissible, but after heavy rains in the hilly areas, the quantum has gone up gradually.\"The content has risen to 3.5 mg per litre, which is very high as compared to the permissible level,\" Paranjape said. The rise had been gradual during the fortnight, but reached excessive levels during the past three days. \"Now it has started coming down,\" he added.The state has around 300 mining leases and at least 180 of them are located near water bodies. The problem is also acute in Selaulim's catchment areas with 17 leases being worked within 200 metres of the reservoir. A few are close to the submergence area when the water level rises during the monsoon.The impact of pollution from manganese increases thrice annually-first during the monsoon, then when the canal is opened to release water for irrigation in November and when the water level in the dam recedes to the lowest level in May.The construction of a 100 mld plant at a lower level on the hill is expected to help in aeration of the raw water before treatment. The work is in progress and after completion of this unit, another one of identical capacity will be set up nearby.The present plant is located at 110 feet above sea level and there is no space on the hill top for a bigger settling tank for raw water. Diffused air is forced in the settling tank before treating it. \"When manganese comes in contact with air in a large surface, it oxidizes,\" Paranjape said. The raw water will be treated at a lower level and pumped to a reservoir.The cost of the Selaulim project was estimated at Rs 9.61 crore when it was sanctioned in 1971, but by 2007 this had exceeded Rs 170 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14817819", "title": "Lawyers to abstain from duty for two days", "text": "THRISSUR: The advocate fraternity of Kerala will abstain from their work on Wednesday and Thursday to support the protest programme announced by the lawyers' apex body, the Bar Council of India (BCI) against the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill (HER Bill).Talking to mediapersons here today, Adv TS Ajith, chairman, welfare committee, BCI, made it clear that the entire lawyers' community is opposing the proposed HER Bill, alleging it is an attempt to take away the powers of the apex lawyers' body.\"Human Resources Development Minister Kapil Sibal is planning to introduce the bill at a time when India, the largest democratic country in the world, is promoting decentralization of power. The HER Bill seeks to set up a national commission for higher education, a five-member bureaucratic team, which would replace all education committees prevailing in the country,\" said Ajith.The advocates pointed out that the proposed national commission for higher education will be above all statutory bodies including Bar Council of India, Dental Council, Medical Council, Architect Council, Engineering Council, etc. \"The commission will be even above the State governments that have now power to decide the vice chancellors and other higher positions in universities and director boards. The HER Bill will not only loot the rights of various councils and state governments, but also destroy the federal structure of the educational sector in the country,\" he added.Various protest programmed will be carried out in major towns in the State in protest against the HER Bill on Wednesday.The advocates also requested the Union government to introduce pension and insurance schemes for the advocates and stipend system for the junior lawyers.Adv PK John and Adv PT Francis were also present at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812225", "title": "CBI court reserves orders on non bailable warrant against Shravan Gupta", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal special judge U Durga Prasada Rao of the CBI court on Tuesday reserved his orders for July 23 on a CBI plea seeking a fresh non bailable warrant against Emaar MGF MD Shravan Gupta. The judge also reserved his orders on Gupta's plea to allow him to submit himself to the process of the court. Gupta is one of the accused in the Emaar case being probed by the CBI. According to the investigating agency, Gupta conspired with the other accused and caused loss to the state exchequer in the sale of villa plots in the Emaar township that was jointly developed by Emaar and the state government.Diljit Singh Ahluwalia, the counsel for Gupta, questioned the need for an NBW when his client was ready to submit himself to the process of law. \"Once chargesheets are filed and the trial is about to begin, it is the court alone that should summon Gupta and with its permission, the CBI can question him for as many days as possible,\" Gupta's counsel contended. CBI counsel B Ravindranath, however, defended the need to issue a fresh NBW as Gupta has been evading the probe agency for a long time. The previous NBW had expired before the CBI could make use of it, he said.The court asked the CBI counsel to get instructions from the investigators whether they would allow Gupta to face law on his own. The counsel, however, said that the CBI would ultimately have to seek custody of the accused for interrogation. Ahluwalia objected to this and said that court should release Gupta upon furnishing of personal bond and sureties imposed by the court. \"My client is ready to go to the CBI only upon being sent by the court,\" Gupta's counsel said.Ahluwalia pointed out that while the court was looking at how best to secure Gupta's presence for trial, the CBI was abusing the process to secure his arrest for oblique purposes, which is impermissible. According to the counsel, the CBI's apprehensions that if summon is issued, Gupta would appear and be released on bail shows that they know that Gupta's presence can be secured by the summons itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14817145", "title": "Fires rage underground, officials sit idle", "text": "KOLKATA: Legend has it that Nero fiddled while Rome burned. Here, in India, officials seem to be doing little more while millions of tonnes of valuable coal reserves go up in smoke in and around Asansol, threatening lives and property and releasing greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. Instead of trying to douse the flames and rework underground mines, officials have chosen the easier way out. According to experts, in complete disregard to environmental norms, India relies heavily on open cast pits. In contrast, China \u2014 which doesn't hold too good a record, so far as environment protection is concerned \u2014 taps a mere 10% of its coal from open cast pits.It isn't as if technology is not available to control underground fires. For years now, several foreign agencies with proven track records of dousing underground mine fires have been doing the rounds of the Central Mine Planning &amp; Design Institute (CMPDI) Ltd with technical proposals but this has served little purpose. The experts from abroad are made to carry out studies and submit voluminous reports. In the end, it is an exercise in futility. Many of the foreign agencies are no longer interested in participating in the tender processes.According to a representative of one such agency, organizations like the CMPDI \u2014 set up to carry out research on increased coal productivity \u2014 have become increasingly bureaucratic. Officials, he claims, sit on technical papers for years and then call for the same project documents. As a result, a project that could be completed in two years, takes thrice the time.\"The attitude of such officials is strange. They float tenders because they have to but aren't really interested in making any change. They waste public funds by publishing notices over and over again. They make us prepare a technical proposal then ask for 10 copies of the report. Later, they ask for 30 copies of techno-commercial proposals. This goes on for years till the foreign agency loses interest. The officials return to their bosses empty handed and say that the foreign experts weren't able to provide a solution. In June 2011, Expressions of Interest (EoI) were invited for 15 projects. The last date of submission was extended after which some of the foreign agencies were asked to send six copies of half or more projects by November 12/13, 2011. Most agencies made 8/9 copies. Next, the agencies were asked to submit 22/23 copies of the techno-commercial projects by January 12, 2012. This is a time when little work takes place in the US and countries in Europe due to Christmas and New Year. The foreigners rushed to India and sought extension which wasn't granted. On June 7, 2012, the same EoI was invited for 13 projects, to be submitted by July 31, 2012,\" the representative said.Interestingly, the beneficiary \u2014 in this case Eastern Coalfields Ltd \u2014 is not asked to become the Prime Implementing Agency. As a result, the beneficiaries can't use the knowledge gathered from one project in another.CMPDI spokesperson S K Dubey said that some underground fires have been doused and opinions from foreign experts are sought. \"The worst affected area is Jharia in Dhanbad. We have submitted a report to the PMO on this. To douse this fire, relocation of locals is required. This will have to be a political decision. Foreign experts have suggested some ways to douse the flames by not relocating people but this may not be feasible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "14813550", "title": "Paris school siege ends as hostage-taker surrenders", "text": "PARIS: An armed man who took hostages on Tuesday morning at a school complex just south of Paris has released them all unhurt and been taken into police custody, authorities said.The drama began early in the day as parents dropped their children off at the complex, which includes nursery and elementary schools, in the town of Vitry-sur-Seine, a commuter town with residents from a variety of socio-economic classes. French schools are closed for summer, but still run activities.Most hostages, who included children, were freed fairly quickly, police said, though one parent was held for several hours. All were unhurt.Shortly after releasing the last hostage, the man walked out, said Pierre Dartout, the prefect of the Val-de-Marne region. Teams from the elite Raid police force had been negotiating with him and took him into custody, also unhurt. One police official said the man was carrying a gun; others said they did not know what weapon he had.Little was known about the hostage-taker, but a judicial official said he was in his 30s, lives in Vitry and had no police record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "oxford (england)", "code": "14813395", "title": "Potter fans want entry of quidditch in Olympics", "text": "OXFORD (ENGLAND): Quidditch players riding broomsticks tagged on to the Olympics on Monday, acknowledging the game adapted from the Harry Potter series was for nerds but arguing it was a legitimate sport worthy of being in the Olympics.Five teams of quidditch players from Britain, the United States, Canada, France and Australia, flew into England for the sport's first major international tournament and to hold an exhibition match as the Olympic torch passed through Oxford, 95 km north-west of London.The sport of ground quidditch was adapted in 2005 by US students at Middlebury College in Vermont from the flying broomstick game in JK Rowling's Harry Potter novels. Since then, the sport has spread to 25 countries and has some 700 teams, mainly based in the US and largely at colleges and universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814061", "title": "Student's marks go up from 0 to 50 after reassessment", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An SSC boy hit a jackpot in the reassessment conducted by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB).He got 50 out of 50 in a paper where he was marked zero in the board result.State board officials said, \"The student had written wrong serial number on his answer sheet because of which the computer marked him erroneously.\" However, academicians argued that the OMR paper must have escaped being evaluated.\"Even if the boy had put wrong serial number, it would have fetched him some marks. The fact that he was marked zero and later marked 50 out of 50 makes it apparent that the paper was not checked,\" an official said.In all, 7,359 applications for reassessment were received by the GSHSEB following which 12,669 answer sheets including OMR papers were checked again. The reassessment has led to 28 students clearing the exams in which they were declared failed.Meanwhile, results of 579 students improved as their tallies went up by marks ranging from two to 10. In most cases, there was error in totaling of marks.Over 9.26 lakh students had appeared for SSC examination this year. Of these, 6.29 lakh students passed.Officer on special duty (OSD) to the board M M Pathan said that 16 students, who had failed in three subjects but were announced passed in one subject following reassessment, have been informed to fill forms for supplementary exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14818062", "title": "CSA College of Agriculture gets new dean", "text": "KANPUR: The administration of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology had appointed M P Yadav, head of the department of agronomy as the dean of College of Agriculture. This post had been lying vacant for quite sometime.Sameer Pal has been appointed as director, administration and monitoring. Suryanarayan Tripathi is the incharge of legal cell.The 125th meeting of academic council of university was held on Tuesday. Certain decisions were taken by the members. The minutes of the 124th meeting were confirmed. It was proposed that the rent charged from the students of single, double and triple seated hostel rooms should be increased.It was decided that the scientists of other insitutions can also become members of advisory committee. The advisory committee also reviews the research work submitted by the MSc and PHd students. The academic council has further referred the matter to education policy Committee for finalising the proposals.Several faculty members, deans, director research and registrar of the university attended the academic council meeting.tnnThe 125th meeting of academic council of university was held on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14814597", "title": "SP orders fresh probe into Holi party", "text": "YAVATMAL: Superintendent of Police Ranjankumar Sharma on Monday ordered a fresh probe into the alleged cocktail party held in his office by a few cops including office superintendent on Holi festival. Yavatmal subdivisional police officer (SDPO) Lata Fad has been asked to reinvestigate the March 8 episode.The SDPO has started recording the statement of the involved employees. \"We will take strict action against those found guilty,\" Fad said.Earlier DySP SK Ambhore had inquired into the incident. Ambhore visited the spot and had found liquor bottles and eatables inside the office room. He also took the CCTV footage as evidence before submitting his report to SP Sharma. The SP then served show cause notice to some employees.In their reply, the partying cops had alleged that the complaint was the outcome of personal vendetta of a few in the department. Taking in to account of the counter allegations, Sharma ordered another probe into the incident.It is pertinent to note that the administration had imposed a total ban on sale and consumption of liquor in the district during Holi festival. But the cops took it lightly and arranged the cocktail party in the SP office. Now, all eyes are set on the SDPO Fad's report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "palanpur/surat/vadodara", "code": "14814289", "title": "Some parts of state wade through woe", "text": "PALANPUR/SURAT/VADODARA: Parts of north, south and central Gujarat received significant rainfall on Tuesday, which saw people enjoying the showers of a monsoon that had played truant for a fortnight in the state. People had a tough time wading through the waterlogged roads at many places but their troubles took a backseat for the time being as they did not want to miss enjoying the first spell of the rains thoroughly.Bansakantha, Patan, Mehsana and Sabarkantha in north Gujarat received notable rainfall. In Himmatnagar town of Sabarkantha, rain waters gushed into shops. Commuters had a tough time wading through waterlogged roads but stalls selling 'dal wadas' and 'bhajiyas' did a brisk business.A person, identified as Arajan Rawal, drowned in a rivulet in Muloj village of Modasa taluka. Rawal's body was not found till late evening. Official sources said Meghraj in Sabarkantha received maximum 121 mm rainfall while Palanpur got 35 mm. Notable rainfall was also recorded in Malpur (110 mm), Dhansura (96 mm) Satlasna (62 mm), Kheralu (35 mm), Mehsana (34 mm) and Vadnagar (34 mm).However, Radhanpur, Santalpur, and Sami talukas in Patan and Dhanera, Deodar, Bhabhar, Tharad and Vav in Banaskantha remained dry.Rains lashed many areas in south Gujarat, including Surat city too during the period. Pardi taluka of Valsad district recorded 171 mm of rainfall in 12 hours until 6.00 pm on Tuesday. Mandvi taluka of Surat recorded 60 mm, Kamrej 46, Bardoli 40 mm , Mahua 28 mm and Surat 26 mm of rainfall. Dharmapur in Valsad recorded 71 mm, Valsad 43 mm and Kaprada 30 mm of rainfall.In Tapi district, Valod received 76 mm and Vyara 48 mm of rainfall. Ahwa of Dangs recorded 30mm, Saputara 27 mm and Wagai 26 mm of rainfall. Meanwhile, Vadodara city in central Gujarat was lashed by heavy rains on Monday. The city witnessed over two inches of rain within matter of hours in the night and light showers kept drenching citizens on Tuesday. \"The city areas received rainfall of 68 mm, while Savli saw 46 mm rains. Padra and Shinor witnessed 35 and 32 mm rains on Monday night,\" district officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813698", "title": "Army pitches for huge funds to counter China and Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 12th Army Plan charts out an ambitious roadmap to improve the combat ratio against both China and Pakistan , upgrade military infrastructure along the \"northern borders'', ensure third-generation night-fighting capabilities and induct attack helicopters.Another thrust area in the 2012-2017 plan is to \"overcome the slippages'' or the \"critical hollowness'' in arms and ammunition that seriously hobbled the 1.13-million strong force in the 11th Plan period, sources said.All this will not come cheap. The Army has projected a requirement of over Rs 10 lakh crore for the 12th Plan period spread over five annual budgets. But, as is the practice, the finance ministry is likely to approve only around 60% of the amount being demanded.Incidentally, the Army's budget is pegged at Rs 96,564 crore this fiscal, with the capital allocation for new acquisitions being just 24% of it. The ray of hope is defence minister A K Antony's promise to seek a mid-year hike in the overall Rs 1,93,408 crore defence outlay in the 2012-2013 budget in the backdrop of \"new ground realities'' and the deepening military nexus between China and Pakistan.New Army chief General Bikram Singh, who left for Nepal on Tuesday, on his part, has laid down that his top-most priority is to \"hone'' the Army's \"operational readiness'' through modernization as per strict timelines, up-to-date training and \"jointness'' with Navy and IAF.This will take a lot of doing. The Army, after all, painted a grim picture in its 11th Plan (2007-2012) review, pointing at huge operational gaps in artillery, aviation, air defence, night-fighting, ATGMs (anti-tank guided missiles) and specialized tank and rifle ammunition, as reported earlier.With around Rs 41,000 crore required to plug just these \"current deficiencies'', the defence ministry is only now trying to fast-track arms acquisitions worth over Rs 15,000 crore.A crucial project during the 12th Plan is to raise the new mountain strike corps, with two specialized divisions for high-altitude areas, at a cost of well over Rs 60,000 crore.Dedicated for \"rapid reaction ground force capability'' against China, this corps will have its HQs in Panagarh (West Bengal). It will add to the two new infantry divisions already raised at Zakama (Nagaland) and Missamari (Assam).Capability development along the \"northern borders'' facing China, to be completed by 2020-2021, is pegged at another Rs 26,155 crore. Ongoing infrastructure development in the Eastern Army Command, at a cost of Rs 9,243 crore, in turn, is slated for completion by 2016-2017.The Army also plans to spend over Rs 40,000 crore on \"night enablement'' of its mechanized forces, with over 3,000 tanks and 1,900 infantry combat vehicles, as well as infantry battalions.Long-term plans for enhancement of \"aviation assets'' include at least a squadron each of attack/armed, reconnaissance/observation and tactical battle-support helicopters for each of the 13 corps in the Army. Over this, each of the six regional or operational commands will at least get \"a flight'' of five fixed-wing aircraft for tactical airlift of troops and equipment, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14815190", "title": "Touch and go in Chennai", "text": "After the alarm rang on his touch phone, Rohan got up early and left for airport. He took out his tablet and checked his appointments for the day. Next he set his destination on the navigation touchscreen of his car. He also searched for nearby ATMs and found one from where he withdrew cash. At the airport, he checked in through the airline's kiosk. While in air, he watched latest movie clips on the touchscreen device attached to the seat.Rohan is almost anyone in a city like Chennai today. It can be any one of us. Without realising, we use touchscreens multiple times a day in a variety of applications - many of which are essential. Touchscreens are not only on our phones and tablets; they are increasingly being seen in public places in the city in various forms. Be it the kiosks at the ATMs and railway stations or an app enhancing your shopping experience at a retail store, a single swipe or a hand gesture can fetch you a lot more information and convenience than ever before.Businesses as well as consumers have realised its importance. Sangeetha Restaurant in Adyar uses Apple iPod devices to take orders and process bills. \"I have a minute-by-minute account of demand which can be used to change product mix,\" said P Suresh, co-owner of Sangeetha Group of Hotels.The traffic department in the state also uses touch screen devices for its e-challan scheme. It aims to bring down the number of accidents and also to speed up the process. \"This will also help the victims get help quickly and then track cases later,\" said P N Mahadevan, MD of Purple Infotech which supplied the solution to the traffic department.Apps now let you virtually experience all the products inside a large retail store on your mobile before you make a purchase. The app can also recognise faces to extend loyalty benefits. TELiBrahma, a mobile advertising firm, makes such an app for retail stores of firms like Reliance. \"Touchscreens take technology out of the equation and make it easier to focus on the task at hand,\" said Narasimha Suresh, CEO and founder of TeliBrahma. With the advent of mobile payments and technologies like Near Field Communications (NFC), it won't be long before full transactions can be completed on your mobile or the nearby kiosk.The intuitive nature of touch has aided its popularity among all age groups. \"Interactive ads also aim to take advantage of touch technology on mobiles to target the right customer group. It is not the frequency but the quality of interaction that matters,\" said Alex Moukas, chief executive officer of Velti, a mobile advertising firm.Globally, companies like Apple, Microsoft, Google and Nokia have been drawing up various concept designs ranging from touch sensitive tables on which you can work and eat at the same time to flexible touch phones which double up as wrist watches. With the advent of flexible touch screens, wearable computers will soon be a reality.Pushing limits of technologyATMs and kiosks Touchscreens are used in kiosks at railway stations, airports, banks (like ICICI Bank) and at cinema halls (like Sathyam Cinemas) in the city for dispensing tickets and related information. ATMs have been around for quite some time although their capabilties have undergone rapid changes.Hospitals Healthcare facilities in the city are also going hi-tech. Dr Vijay Bose of Apollo carries his iPod to the operation theatre as a surgical tool. He mounts his iPod into a handheld device as an imageguided navigation system to do hip and knee replacements. The app, which takes up less than 3GB space on the iPod, works like a global positioning system on mobile phonesRetail stores Some stores in the city, like Reliance, have apps which you can use to check out the store. Once inside, the whole portfolio can be browsed on your touch phone with corresponding information on prices. You can also take a photo and try out T-shirts virtually on your phone to see how they will look. The app can also recognise you as a frequent visitor and give you pointsRestaurants Many restaurants in the city are using touch screen phones like iPod to make themselves more efficient. Supervisors at Sangeetha restaurant take orders on an iPod through which they then send it (along with table number) to the kitchen. Afterwards the bill is sent from the iPhone to the office in charge of payment collections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814234", "title": "Benevolent central government showers largesse on UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Call it prudent politics ahead of Lok Sabha elections 2014 or the fruits of persistent letter writing, either way it paid off for Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday, when the state walked away with a bag full of goodies from the Centre. In a three-and-a-half-hour meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and senior bureaucrats in New Delhi, UP chief secretary Jawed Usmani along with state's senior bureaucrats managed to extract promises of funds for nearly all pending projects proposed by the state government.The Centre's largesse poured in for different sectors, with coal, energy, rural development, education and health among the major beneficiaries. The Prime Minister's Office said it would consider the state government's request for coal block allotment through the government dispensation route. In a major victory for the state, the Centre also said domestic coal linkage would be given to all manufacturing units coming up in UP before 2014. Confirming the development, principal secretary, energy and infrastructure and industrial commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta said: \"As a result of coal crunch for the Bajaj Hindustan plant in Lalitpur, there had been talk of importing coal. The government assured us that they would allot domestic coal linkages for all units coming up before 2014 because importing coal will have tariff implications.\"And though the magical Rs 90,000 crore \"special package\" remained elusive, the UPA government bent backwards to please, even assuring the UP government that, all proposals pending with the Centre would be considered and cleared, provided they were covered under the Central government schemes. Gupta added: \"There was no overt financial promise. However, the Central government was forthcoming with help, provided the state's proposals fall under the ambit of some or the other government-run schemes.''In a major coup for the state's energy sector, officials of BHEL, also present at the Centre-state meeting, promised to address the state's grievances in running the power units at Parichha, Obra and Harduaganj in UP.Among other schemes, the PMO approved the release of Rs 922 crore balance amount to UP's department of cooperatives under the Vaidyanathan package. Confirming the development, agriculture production commissioner Alok Ranjan, said: \"It was a very good meeting between officials of the Central and state governments. We were given an assurance that these funds will be approved in the next meeting of the Cabinet.'' In other rural development schemes for UP, the UPA government promised to meet all demands for additional stocks of fertilisers. Even dark blocks, for which UP demanded an allocation of Rs 1,500 crore, was not summarily turned down. Though the Centre does not have a scheme that covers dark blocks as yet, officials said a scheme will be formulated and assistance provided to the state government.Central assistance was also promised for combating Acute Encephalitis Syndrome and Japanese Encephalitis in east UP. In another achievement for the state, the Prime Minister said all villages of UP will be given piped water supply in 10 years. Approving an allocation of Rs 7,000 crore to fulfill this promise by 2022, UP will receive about Rs 700 crore annually, for saturating its villages with piped water supply.In response to the state's demand for nine more Central universities in UP, the government agreed to make necessary provisions in the 12{+t}{+h} Plan, while in the health sector, the Centre agreed to start work on the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in Rae Bareli, for which UP has identified 150 acres.The state's home department will also get Centre's bounty. Following demands for roads on the UP-Nepal border, the Centre asked the state government to send estimates for approval.Ranjan said: \"Tuesday's meeting was particularly productive for UP because all senior level officials from the Centre and state were present. As a result, there will be no requirement for further sanctions. Once the minutes of the meeting are prepared, funds for existing schemes will start to flow immediately. We will, however, continue to follow up with the Centre.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14812576", "title": "Strict norms formulated for purchasing free scheme cows", "text": "Trichy: The state animal husbandry department has hit upon a virtually foolproof method of checking on the milch cows they buy from neighbouring Andhra Pradesh for distribution to the needy families.In a major deviation from the usual purchasing policy of the cows under the free distribution scheme, the joint director of the department of animal husbandry, E Chinnadurai has instructed his team to stay in the seller's village in Andhra Pradesh for a minimum of three days, and record three days of milk yield of the cow before taking a final decision to clinch the deal . \"I have clearly told them that they should keep their hands off the cow that does not yield at least a total of 10 litres of milk a day (five litres each in the morning and evening),\" Chinnadurai told TOI.The first thing Chinnadurai did after he took over as joint director in Trichy on June 30 was to leave strict instructions to the visiting purchasing team to stay at least three days in the buyers market in Andhra Pradesh and record three days of milk yield, as there was criticism that the officials forced the beneficiaries to rush through the deal to save both time and commissions.The current team consisting of a veterinary assistant and livestock inspectors among others are already at Punganur in Andhra Pradesh to buy another 50 cows for the Trichy beneficiaries. Despite some of the \"greedy intermediary officials\" who allegedly marked the price of the cows up in advance in connivance with the obliging brokers, the state government was all the more determined to carry the benefits of the wonderful scheme to the masses, said Chinnadurai.During the earlier purchases, the officials passed the buck on to the accompanying beneficiaries if the cows were found to be giving poor yields of milk. It was explained then that the deals were clinched by the beneficiaries themselves. On the contrary, the beneficiaries not knowing the local Telugu language were at a disadvantage and they were forced to nod in agreement to whatever decision the officials would take. \"It is not necessary that the beneficiary has to take a decision on the spot, or within a day. He can take as many days as may be needed until the right healthy cow is purchased,\" Chinnadurai clarified.Chinnadurai said he had also instructed a team of officials including an assistant director of cattle breeding and fodder development, an assistant director from the animal diseases intelligence unit and clinician to compulsorily visit at least two villages where the free milch cows and goats were distributed and file an inspection report.It was in this regard that a huge number of 855 veterinary assistant surgeons were already recruited at one go throughout the state out of which, 20 were allotted for Trichy which had already 93 veterinarians in service, Chinnadurai said. As many as 120 pass out of the Bachelor of Veterinary Science course in the state, but there was no recruitment for the past six years. The government roped all of them in as it was committed to make the free cow scheme a success, he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814251", "title": "Salman Khurshid kicks up a storm with directionless party comment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union law minister Salman Khurshid triggered turmoil in Congress on Tuesday with his comments about the party's lack of direction, governance slowdown, messy overlap of governance and politics and, above all, Rahul Gandhi's unwillingness to move beyond cameos.Nudged by an unhappy leadership, Khurshid was forced to clarify, but not before a grateful opposition had pounced upon the remarks as validation of their critique of UPA-2's functioning.Khurshid told a newspaper that Congress required new ideological direction for the young generation but Rahul had only given cameos of his ideas like democratization of Youth Congress and not \"weaved them into a grand announcement\" yet. Suggesting the party had to wait till Rahul agreed to take over, Khurshid said \"politics and governance had got mixed up\" in UPA-2, and that the stage requires \"to be set up again\".\"The fact is that he (Rahul) is undoubtedly and unquestionably the number two leader in the party. Yet, he has not taken up the mantle or accepted a functional responsibility. He is so far not willing to accept the number two position. In such a situation, we have to wait, This is waiting time,\" the paper quoted Khurshid as saying.The remark was variously interpreted. One school interpreted it as a vote of no-confidence in PM Manmohan Singh's leadership, while another, reading it along with the reference to Rahul's cameos, concluded that the law minister doubted the Gandhi scion's leadership credentials.With the entire opposition -- from BJP to SP to Left to JD(U) -- citing him as their witness, an angry Khurshid denied that he had called the government \"directionless\". He also maintained that his statement about the need for young leadership to come forward had been misinterpreted.The backdrop compounded matters. Khurshid's comment followed Time magazine calling Singh an \"underachiever\" and BJP's relentless barbs of \"the weakest PM\".On Tuesday, BJP harped on the law minister's comment that it is the Congress president and not the PM who can rearrange the party-government dynamic to allow the government to function freely. To the principal opposition, it was vindication of their case that the Congress chief cannot be spared of the responsibility of governance deficit.Khurshid told reporters he would in future stick to discussing these issues within the party forum if media did not understand the import of his comments.The party also sought to bury the controversy, with AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi saying, \"Khurshid has already clarified his statements. So, there is no need for any further comment (from the party).\"But the episode may continue to rankle Congress. While there was unhappiness with Khurshid, many felt that he was only articulating the privately expressed unease of many about Rahul's unwillingness to step up to the plate.The comments are significant also because these are the first-ever public expression of the view of many that they need someone other than Manmohan Singh to tackle the challenge of 2014.To that extent, Khurshid's comments could very well become the trigger for a chorus of calls for Rahul to take over. A senior minister, speaking on the condition of anonymity, told TOI that there was nothing wrong in the call for Rahul to take over. \"Are we not all waiting for it?\"In fact, the calculation that his contentious remarks could be the sub-text for a move to goad Rahul to take the leadership mantle, buffered Khurshid from an outrage.But there was also the realization that timing of the interview would hurt the government and Congress. A senior minister questioned the import of Khurshis's statement which he felt had the risk of unsettling the PM just when he was trying to refurbish UPA's credentials with a proactive role in finance ministry.Politically, these may not be part of any strategy of leadership. The party has all through UPA-2 discouraged demands for Rahul's ascension, arguing it would destabilize the PM. The urgency to buffer the PM is greater now when the ruling dispensation thinks a turnaround in economy, which he is attempting after Pranab Mukherjee's exit, can revive the sentiment in the party's favour like \"loan waiver\" did for a sinking Centre in 2008.The UP debacle has eliminated the possibility of a change of guard with Rahul taking charge.The opposition sees the distraction over Rahul as a godsend. It allows Congress rivals to hammer home the charge that UPA was a fragmented unit with PM only a nominal head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14810323", "title": "Facing the generation gap", "text": "What is the generation gap?Generation gap is a gap of communication that leads to misunderstanding and disharmony. It refers to the gap between young and old. It is about mindsets and methods and it is not one-sided. Youth is full of passion and drive and is risk-friendly. The old have wisdom and experience and they are risk-averse. So, work together.Just passion and risk-taking are not enough; neither are experience and wisdom because we live in a dynamic world. Strategies have to change and for this we need understanding and flexibility. The older and younger generations need to communicate, synergise and draw the best from each other. A healthy conversation and dialogue is essential to bridge the gap.How can parents guide children on the right path without discounting the youth perspective?There are no rules here. Use both your head and heart. Harmonise both male and female energies in you and that integration will guide you to deal with situations. Don't become a victim of experience. Advise children without seeming to be interfering. Present your viewpoint in a friendly manner without being autocratic.Also make sure that children are receptive so that they listen when you advise them. Otherwise, whatever you say will not make an impression on them. Parents should understand that more than the words they utter, it is their being and intention which get communicated.Sometimes adults behave like children and even need to be taken care of. Sometimes they want to pamper their children; at other times they expect children to behave like adults. Isn't this confusing?Use the power of love and then you will know how to deal with old people. Yes, as they get old they behave like children. Give them love and understanding. Learn to enjoy dealing with them. They are also going through transition. Be committed and compassionate then you will get the right mode to help them. \"He gives not the best, who gives the most but he gives the most who gives the best\". Learn to give your best. Be the giver and then that giving itself enhances the quality of life. What is wrong if you pamper your parents? After all it is their second childhood. Don't you pamper your children? Don't use too much of logic but just shower love.Should parents be friendly with children or should they impose discipline? Children seem to be more influenced by the world outside; but the world is not always right.One has to be friendly but also fair, frank and flexible. Employ the Four Fs in relationships. Educate each other about discipline. Discipline is not against freedom; it harnesses freedom. Just like the banks of the river help the river to flow towards the ocean. Young people may feel discipline is snatching their freedom. This is not true. Bringing up children involves education. Don't think that they will immediately understand. It takes time but you should be an empowering parent.The world has both the right and wrong modes operating. Good parenting is teaching them to take the good and leave the bad. All parents are not right all the time; their intention may be good but possibly parents may do more harm to children if they encourage division; that would create conflict and hence pain. So, parents' intention may be good but they also have to inwardly cleanse themselves.www.prasannatrust.org", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14815036", "title": "Five arrested for extortion attempt", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch on Tuesday arrested five accomplices of gangster Sharad Mohol for allegedly attempting to extort Rs 25 lakh from a builder.Mohol allegedly killed Indian Mujahideen operative Mohammad Quateel Siddiqui in the Yerawada central prison last month. The police have identified the suspects as Mohol's cousin Rajesh Gujar (21), Madan Surve (19), Amar Temghare (19), Anil Salunkhe (20) and Prakash Shinde (27), all from Kothrud.Addressing a news conference on Tuesday, additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said that the anti-extortion team led by inspector Sachin Sawant made the arrests.Shinde said that the complainant is a known builder in the city. \"On July 2, an unidentified man told him on phone that he was calling on behalf of Sharad Mohol and demanded Rs 25 lakh.\"\"The caller threatened the builder that if he failed to give the money, he would kill the builder and his family. He also warned the builder against switching off his cell phone and said he would demand Rs 2 lakh more if the builder switched off his phone,\" Shinde said.After receiving repeated threats, the builder contacted the police and lodged a complaint, Shinde said. \"Consequently, we laid a trap and nabbed the suspects when they came to collect money from the builder on Tuesday,\" Shinde added.\"The police are investigating the motive behind the extortion attempt. We are also verifying the criminal record of the suspects,\" Shinde said. Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode has appealed to the builders in the city to contact the police immediately, if they received any such threatening calls.The investigating team comprised assistant inspector Santosh Subalkar and constables Maruti Bhujbal, Ganesh Mali, Chandrakant Ingle, Baba Shirke, Sanjay Kalokhe and Vilas Gujar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "14814662", "title": "For flight safety, Batman needs urgent cape redesign", "text": "MELBOURNE: Batman would probably die if he tried to land safely in real life, say scientists. A research team of physicists from the University of Leicester recommend an urgent cape redesign to help the masked vigilante safely pursue his exploits in Gotham City.On the big screen, the crimefighter is able to glide from tall buildings using a cape spread out like wings - similar to the method used by base jumpers who leap from bridges, buildings and cliffs wearing winged suits.But unlike these real-life daredevils , Batman does not have a parachute. Given his current cape design, Batman could glide to a distance of about 350 metres if he were to jump from a building about 150 metres high, the group of four University of Leicester physics students found.\"The problem with the glide lies in his velocity as he reaches ground level. The velocity rises rapidly to a maximum of a little over 110 kilometres per hour,\" News.com.au quoted the scientists as saying. \"At these high speeds any impact would likely be fatal if not severely damaging\" - the equivalent of being hit by a car at 80km/h. Batman's wingspan, at 4.7 metres, is about half that of a hang glider. The cape, which resembles a bat's wings, allows him to glide over the streets and rooftops in Gotham . Scientists concluded that the crusader get a bigger cape, pack a parachute, or use propulsion jets to keep himself aloft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813228", "title": "AIADMK ally to support Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "CHENNAI: The Manithaneya Makkal Katchi, an ally of the ruling AIADMK in Tamil Nadu, on Tuesday announced it would support UPA's presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee . Analysts said the Islamic party's decision was inevitable given the fact that opposition nominee P A Sangma, though put up by the AIADMK and the BJD, is supported by the BJP.In a statement, MMK convener M H Jawahirullah praised Mukherjee's \"firm support to the secular ethos of the constitution\" and described Sangma as \"a self-centred egoistic person\".The MMK, which contested three seats on the AIADMK symbol in the 2011 assembly elections and won two in the 234-member House, has a sizeable support among Muslims in the state. Each MLA accounts for 176 votes in the presidential polls. With MMK too endorsing Mukherjee's candidature, Sangma now has the support of only AIADMK in Tamil Nadu.The MMK decision is perceived in political circles as a manifestation of allies drifting apart and analysts see a possible alignment with the DMK in future. Islamic parties in the state have been traditionally aligned with the DMK.Congress thanks MMK for Pranab supportJawahirullah had boycotted the swearing-in of J Jayalalithaa as chief minister last year ostensibly due to the presence of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi at the ceremony.Jawahirullah, an MLA from Ramnathapuram, had in the past raised the issue of alleged harassment of Tamil fishermen by Sri Lankan navy and opposed the relegation of Urdu and Arabic as optional languages in the common school syllabus introduced by the state government.\"Sangma is not just the AIADMK candidate, he is also the BJP candidate. So an Islamic party like MMK cannot support a BJP candidate,\" said political analyst Gnani Sankaran. In a statement, TNCC chief B S Gnanadesikan thanked the MMK for extending support to the candidature of Mukherjee. He also thanked the PMK for its support to the UPA candidate and indirectly appealed to the DMDK to back Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14814139", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon budget 'unaffected'", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon claims that the Supreme Court's order regarding collection of property tax from private developers' area will not have a significant impact on the revenue generated from house tax.With the current fiscal budget, the corporation hopes to earn Rs 500 crore through this tax. Senior officers claim that those coming forward to pay the tax are \"sufficient\". They also pointed out that real estate player, DLF paid them Rs 12 crore property tax on behalf of their tenants a few days ago.\"The Supreme Court order cannot be interpreted as no property tax for residents of private colonies. Many residents are deliberately trying to interpret the court order as that these residents are not supposed to pay property tax to the MCG, till further court orders'\" said a senior MCG official.The court has only stated that we cannot force or strong measures to recover this tax from them,\" the official said.\"We are preparing our affidavit which we need to file before the court, in two weeks' time. In that we will inform the court that we are collecting property tax from the private colony residents according to the provisions in the municipal act. We will state before the court the process adopted to calculate the tax and the survey we have conducted. We will let the court know of the difference between the present and the earlier tax formula,\" he added.The number of people in the privately developed colonies, who are willing to pay the tax have been increasing. \"DLF will pay more in a few days,\" he said.Many residents' welfare associations (RWA) and those living in the privately developed colonies have been protesting against the MCG's direction to pay the yearly property tax, even though the civic agency is currently not providing any service to them.Some residents are determined to continue their fight against the MCG, till such time that they take over their colonies from the private builder mafia and start providing basic services like water, sewerage, streetlights and roads. \"We will not allow them to fleece us like this and we hope that the court, in its next hearing, will refund the tax that the MCG has already collected from people living in private colonies,\" said Rajat Sharma, resident of DLF Phase III.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814141", "title": "Mulayam foresees early Lok Sabha elections in 2013", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav on Tuesday asked party workers to gear up for the parliamentary elections, which may held one year before its due date. At a hurriedly convened unscheduled meeting with party's top leadership at the party office in Lucknow, Mulayam also formally approved that no sitting MLA or minister will be given a ticket for the Lok Sabha polls and finalised the list of 54 observers, who would assist the party in finalising the names of right candidate. Interestingly, it is the third time in almost four months, when SP supremo has predicted advancement of parliamentary elections.Though both the issues had been discussed during the party's parliamentary committee meeting held in June, the proposals were awaiting a formal nod from the party president, which came on Tuesday. Presided by Mulayam himself, the meeting was attended by party's top strategist and MP Ram Gopal Yadav, senior UP cabinet minister Mohammed Azam Khan , head of SP's Maharashtra unit and sitting MLA from Mumbai Abu Azmi, president of SP's women's wing Dr Madhu Gupta along with some other senior leaders.Coming a day after Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati announced the names of two of her party candidates for the 2014 general elections, the unscheduled meeting held despite the absence of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav (who is out of town on a private visit) did trigger a flutter among the political circles. However, senior leaders however denied that there was any element of \"emergency\" associated with the meeting. \"Since the party president was here, so he decided to meet everyone. Don't try to read anything more into it,\" said a senior leader who attended the event.This is not the first time when Mulayam has suggested early elections. On March 18, addressing SP workers in Lucknow, Mulayam had said, \"There seems to be no certainty when the general election (due in 2014) will take place. It could happen any day now.\" Then on March 23 at a function held on the occasion 102{+n}{+d} birth anniversary of Dr Ram Manohar Lohia he directed UP CM Akhilesh Yadav to ensure that, \"Changes should be visible in six months and the manifesto should be implemented within a year, as there is no guarantee when Lok Sabha elections are announced after that.\"There is a word in the political circles that both Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mamata Banerjee are in favour of early parliamentary election, as it would help them ride the momentum generated from their massive victories. But, at the same time, the SP is not willing to take the first step, as it could bring along the charges of triggering political uncertainty.Soon after the meeting concluded, Mulayam held a meeting with party MPs, MLAs and district unit chiefs who were in Lucknow and wanted to meet him. During the interaction, senior leaders complained to Mulayam that most of the administrative officers in the state had developed a habit of switching off their CUG cell phones since early in the evening.Some of them even cited names and instances backed with the exact time and date when attempts to call up the officers provide futile almost throughout the day. Taking a serious note of the complaint, Mulayam then took up the issue with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on phone shortly after which an order was issued by the chief secretary's office directing the entire state administration to keep their CUG cell phones switched on round-the-clock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14813447", "title": "High court fiat to buoy Sukhna Lake", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to restore the glory of Sukhna Lake which is in danger due to the steep decrease in its water level, Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday directed the states of Punjab and Haryana to deploy 100 men each to help pave way for the water to reach the lake from the check dams in Kansal. Giving a deadline of three days to both the states to make these arrangements, the HC also directed them to provide two JCB machines each for the lake.While issuing the directions, a division bench headed by acting chief justice Jasbir Singh also asked the Chandigarh administration to coordinate on the issue.The matter had reached before the bench of chief justice following a letter written to him by a local resident against the deteriorating condition of Sukhna Lake and apathy of the administration towards its maintenance. Taking suo motu cognizance of the letter, HC had impleaded the Chandigarh administration, besides Punjab and Haryana and asked the governments of the two states to respond to the issue.The HC has already stayed all kind of construction work in the forest zone and catchment areas of Sukhna Lake falling within the areas of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14817012", "title": "Adi community opposes establishment of polytechnic college", "text": "ITANAGAR: Bogong Banggo Kebang (BBK), the highest decision-making body of the Adi community, has expressed resentment over the proposal to set up Jawahar Navadoya Vidyalaya and Polytechnic College within the vicinity of Jawaharlal Nehru College (JNC) at Pasighat in East Siang district.The BBK, in a communique on Tuesday, said development activities should be people-oriented.\"The government should not implement projects against the sentiments of people just for fulfilling the wishes of some individuals with vested interests. The state government should remember that land donated by Bogong Banggo was only meant for establishment of a college and its expansion not for implementation of other new projects,\" it said.Informing about availability of land within Pasighat, the BBK suggested that the government should properly utilize the land earmarked for the expansion of college in the near future and shift the JNV and Polytechnic College to any other place within the township.It appealed to the government to reconsider its proposal immediately and added that the elected representative of the area should understand the feelings and sentiments of people and look into the matter seriously.Earlier, BBK had submitted several representations to the state government and the department concerned over establishment of JNV and Polytechnic College, especially on the JN College campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14814579", "title": "'State should have uniform land acquisition rates'", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Shetkari Sanghatana has demanded that the state government should have uniform land acquisition rates for developmental projects. The organization demanded that the government should follow Coal India Limited (CIL) and Western Coalfield Limited (WCL) acquisition pattern.\"The CIL and WCL have preset rates for land and the compensation to be paid to the land owners. But there is no uniformity in the rates by which the state government has been acquiring land,\" the sanghatana said.Former MLA and Shetkari Sanghatana leader Wamanrao Chatap said, \"The WCL has prefixed the cost and classified the land into three categories - waste land, rain-fed and irrigated land respectively and fixed rates for each. The rates are: Waste land Rs6 lakh per hectare, rain-fed Rs8 lakh, irrigated Rs10 lakh respectively.\"\"Surprisingly, in state government's case even though the quality of the land acquired is the same, the rates differ from place to place in the same region or district,\" said Chatap, adding, \"Chhattisgarh Government has decided to adopt CIL norms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14817610", "title": "Excessive rain, melting glaciers causing deluge", "text": "GUWAHATI: The first wave of floods has so far claimed 124 lives, damaged infrastructure, cropland and affected over 23 lakh people. The deluge was aggravated by about 30 per cent excess rainfall this monsoon, which hit NE on June 6.According to Central Water Commission officials, heavy rain in China, Bhutan and Arunachal Pradesh increased the water level of major rivers in the state. Assam water resources minister Rajib Lochan Pegu said heavy rain in the catchment areas of China, Bhutan and Arunachal Pradesh aggravated the flood situation in the state. While the data on the volume of rainfall in China and Bhutan was not made available by the two countries, Arunachal Pradesh, through which the Brahmaputra flows and where many of Assam's major rivers originate, received 22 per cent excess rain, the minister added.A study by Kathmandu-based International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development (ICIMOD) said the frequency of floods and flashfloods in the state has increased in the last 20 years. The study, authored by Partha Das of Aaranyak (a biodiversity conservation NGO) and Himadri Bhuyan, pointed out that in the face of the rise in flood frequency, all indigenous and traditional coping strategies have proved to be ineffective.But behind the flood fury this time, there is a stark environmental dimension that is destroying Assam's landscape and taking human lives. The excess rainfall in June this year was in sharp contrast to 2011's rainfall deficit in about 30 per cent of Assam-Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh meteorological subdivisions. The floods, last year, was more or less confined to Dhemaji, Lakhimpur and Jorhat districts and affected about 4 lkh people. Dhemaji and Lakhimpur, located on the northern banks of the Brahmaputra near the Arunachal Pradesh border, are the two districts which suffer the most every year. It has been seen that even if the intensity of deluge is less in other parts of the state, these two districts near the maximum brunt.With glaciers fast melting because of global warming , studies have warned that the Brahmaputra basin is likely to experience more serious flooding in the coming years. The Brahmaputra, called the Yarlung Tsangpo in Tibet , originates in Jima Yangzong glacier of Mount Kailash.The ICIMOD study pointed out that there will be an increase in the flow of the Brahmaputra basin due to accelerated glacier melt and increase in mean rainfall in the upstream of the Brahmaputra basin. \"The Upper Brahmaputra basin (in Tibet) lost roughly 20 per cent of its water reserve bound in glaciers between 1970 and 2000, which is equivalent to 175 cubic km of glacial mass loss every year,\" the study said.One of the reasons for floods in Assam, said Pegu, is shallow river beds. He added that river beds are becoming shallower by at least 1 to 1.5 feet every year, leading to a surge in water level and extensive flooding.Pegu's argument is also corroborated by ICIMOD's study, which said rivers have started carrying more debris and sand load during floods in recent years. \"We have seen that rivers are carrying more sand load from the catchment areas. This is making the riverbeds in the plains of Assam shallower every year. One way to tackle floods is to dredge the riverbeds to make them deep,\" said Pegu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812624", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation plans to get private trusts to run its schools", "text": "MUMBAI: After failing to provide quality education, the BMC plans to invite private parties to run select civic schools in the city on a pilot project. If the experiment succeeds, the BMC may go ahead and hand over all schools to private parties. Civic officials claim that private partnerships will arrest the falling standards of education in their schools. Corporators, however, slammed the civic administration for shirking responsibility.According to the proposal, to be tabled before the standing committee, the BMC plans to hand over the management of select schools to private parties. Recruiting teachers, non-teaching staff and overall running of schools will be handled by the private trust. The BMC will keep a check on the admission process. Vitthal Kharatmol, education panel chairman, said, \"The BMC shall be in-charge of the schools and will monitor the private trust's performance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14814200", "title": "Now, women-only parking in Gurgaon malls", "text": "GURGAON: Most women drivers in the city are not aware of the reserved parking facility for them in certain malls.Sonam Bhalla, 32, said, \"I've never heard of the facility of reserved parking for women. But, malls and hotels should have it\".Loveena Bohra, 29, said, \"I often catch up with my girlfriends for dinner, and we are scared to go to the parking lot alone.\" This lack of awareness is because such parking is either new or there is no direction signboard leading towards the reserved parking area. Barkha Gupta, 43, said, \"I don't know of any exclusive parking for ladies. They should have big signboards at the entrance to at least inform us.\"Metropolis and Metropolitan malls, on MG Road, do not have reserved parking for women. \"I didn't know about the reserved parking, but now that I do, I still won't use it. It'll only make it obvious to others that I am travelling without a male companion,\" said 19-year-old Ragini Bajpai, customer at the Metropolitan Mall.Owing to lack of safety in the city for them, women prefer to come early in the day and leave by 8pm. A customer at City Centre Mall, Sheetal Malik, said, \"I will leave latest by 7:30pm even though the sale is at its peak.\"City Centre Mall has 20 reserved parking slots for women on both the parking floors. Lately in the news for the gang rape of a woman, Sahara Mall has reserved six parking slots for women and senior citizens for the last two months. Niti Khurana, 26, said, \"The reserved parking for women in Sahara Mall is not adequate. Female employees come and occupy the slots in the morning, and shoppers like me have to park in the common area, so how is the reservation helping.\"Ambience Mall has made the facility functional since last week. It is available at level B1 only, while work is in progress at level B2 and B3. Altogether, it'll have almost 200 parking slots reserved for women.Parking manager Pratap said, \"For the convenience and better safety of women, we have reserved 20 parking slots for them on level B1, while work is in progress on the other levels. But, we'll make an exception for senior citizens to park there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14815575", "title": "When you can buy ice cream for Rs 20, why complain about price rise? Chidambaram asks urban middle class", "text": "BANGALORE: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday chided the urban middle class for bemoaning soaring prices of fuel and essential commodities.\"There's steady rise in the minimum support price of paddy, wheat and sugarcane , reflected in the prices of commodities . When the urban middle class can buy a bottle of mineral water for Rs 15 and icecream for Rs 20, why do they make so much noise about price rise?\" said Chidambaram .Trying to justify increase in prices, Chidambaram said, \"The rise has directly benefited farmers. We raised fuel prices because the global crude prices had gone up. We also gave relief by bringing down the petrol price twice. There needn't be any complaint for price rise when things are on the side of poor farmers.\"The home minister was again briefing the media about the UPA's achievements. He said some strategies would strengthen the economy. \"The main thrust should be on checking wasteful expenditure, increasing savings and investment in financial instruments rather than gold and higher production of output in fuel, iron ore and coal,\" he said. There's a need to increase overseas investment in Indian corporations , he added. Chidambaram hoped the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) envisaged by the Centre would get support from non-Congress CMs.Many state governments have opposed the NCTC because they feel it would infringe on the powers of state governments as a person may be arrested by any officer of this new agency. \"The Naresh Chandra Committee report on national security has stressed the need for an agency to tackle militancy and terrorist activities across the country. We'll try to convince state governments on this and bring about a consensus. I hope over time everyone will accept it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813246", "title": "Congress raises Rs 1,662 crore in 5 years, BJP Rs 852 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's GDP growth rate may have dropped in the past few years but that has had little impact on the bottomlines of the country's leading political parties. The coffers of the main parties have been swelling, with the richest amongst them, the ruling Congress, having made a cool Rs 1,662 crore in the last five years till 2011-12 and the BJP in second place with Rs 852 crore.Not surprisingly, the highest income for these parties came in 2009, when parliamentary elections were held. According to Income Tax returns of these parties, Congress's annual income went up from Rs 220 crore in 2008-09 to Rs 497 crore in 2009-10. In the next two years, the party raked in almost Rs 400 crore per year.Similarly, BJP's income swelled to Rs 220 crore in 2009-10, up from Rs 124 crore a year earlier. It touched Rs 258 crore in 2010-11.Last year (2011-12), when economic growth slowed down again - the GDP plummeting to 6.9% from a high of 8.4% in the previous two years - both parties registered a dip in collections. While the Congress made Rs 307 crore, down from Rs 468 crore the previous year, the BJP's collection saw a Rs 90 crore drop, settling at Rs 168 crore.All major parties continue to source most of their funds from unidentified donors, according to the I-T returns. The donors' lists and returns of the Congress, BJP, NCP and BSP show that these parties have not disclosed the names of entities who account for a major chunk of their funding.The Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), which has been campaigning for transparency in funding of political parties and has obtained these I-T returns, has written to the Central Board of Direct Taxes demanding a probe into undisclosed contributions to parties, which constitute up to 90% of their total collections.\"It has been more than a year and the CBDT has not yet responded to our request though they had promised to look into the matter,\" said Anil Bairwal, coordinator of ADR. He said the sources and flow of such donations needed to be tracked to curb black money infiltrating into the coffers of political parties.BSP, the party led by former Uttar Pradesh chief minister and Dalit icon Mayawati , stands third in the list of parties with the highest collections. Its income went up from Rs 70 crore in 2008-09 to Rs 182 crore in the election year 2009.In five years till 2011-12, Mayawati's party received more than Rs 425 crore, mostly through cash donations. It has revealed little about its contributors claiming most donations were below Rs 20,000 and thus exempt under election rules from mandatory disclosure. Some time ago, the party had subverted I-T department's moves to unearth its donors, successfully arguing that all its cash contributions were made by poor supporters out of love and affection for the party leader.Bairwal said the Congress, which claimed to have collected at least Rs 978 crore through sale of coupons in the five years till 2008-09, did not provided any contributors' list for this collection. It provided details of contributors who together accounted for a paltry Rs 85 crore during this period.Surprisingly, the Communist Party of India (Marxist) has left behind the Mulayam Singh Yadav-led Samajwadi Party and Sharad Pawar-led Nationalist Congress Party in generating funds. CPM stood fourth in the list, having collected Rs 335 crore in the five years up to 2011-12. SP made only Rs 200 crore during this period and NCP was far behind with Rs 140 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14815002", "title": "SmartCity likely to be delayed by 3 months", "text": "KOCHI: SmartCity, Kochi will be delayed further by at least by three months. And this on account of the row between SmartCity and KSEB! With KSEB erecting towers for drawing transmission lines through the land handed over to SmartCity, the borders of the project land will have to be changed, forcing subsequent alterations in the master plan.To make the change in the concept, it will take around a month, and two more months will be required for effecting changes in the infrastructure design, which is complex. Though KSEB will require only two acres for erecting towers and drawing lines, as per Indian norms 35 metres on either side of 220 KV transmission lines will be restricted area. This means no constructions will be allowed in one more acre of land. As per international norms, the restriction on construction is up to 50m. International firms will hesitate to occupy buildings in the vicinity. Moreover, many European countries consider 220 KV lines a big hazard, and this will create problems for SmartCity.As per the master plan submitted to SEZ Board for approval, the area now occupied by KSEB should have housed low-rise green buildings. If the proposed buildings are shifted, changes would have to be made in other infrastructures, including the road network. KSEB, which had offered SmartCity around two acres near Kadambrayar, says its director board has to approve the move.According to the board, it can't avoid erecting the towers here as it has no alternative. And it was only after intervention by the district administration that KSEB offered SmartCity land near Kadambrayar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14816754", "title": "Airstrip sans commercial flights", "text": "BOKARO: The town has an airport but the residents here feel it is unfortunate that there is no commercial flight. This 40-year-old city has grown up to be one of the most prosperous towns of the state, but it does not have a presence in the air map of the country.The residents are demanding commercial flights from the city now. In view of the demand, two airlines - Air Deccan and Spirit Airways - had once announced launching its commercial flights in December 2010 and August 2011, respectively. But the plan never took off.The officials of these companies had visited the city and surveyed the market potential, customer base and assessed the airstrip, situated on National Highway-23 (Bokaro-Chas road). They all found it to be fit to run small or medium size planes. \"But commercial flights never took off from here because of lack of understanding between the BSL, which owns the airport, and the airline companies,\" a source said.According to vice-president of Bokaro Chamber of Commerce and Industries Sanjay Vaid, for past many years they are inviting the airlines to launch commercial flight here. Many of the residents are frequent fliers. \"It's disheartening for them that every time they have to travel Kolkata or Ranchi to catch the flight,\" he said.Vaid said it seemed that the BSL management was not interested in allowing the airline companies to use its airport. Though the airline companies have shown interest, the BSL management every time comes up with various reasons to prevent the flights. \"Air Deccan is an example which returned empty handed only because BSL stepped back.\"Dhanbad MP P N Singh also said many businessmen, industrialists, doctors had expressed their desire and asked him to take initiative to launch commercial flight from Bokaro. \"I will assess the constraints that are becoming barrier and try to solve it. I will also talk to the BSL management in this regard,\" said Singh.BSL spokesperson Sanjay Tiwari said the company was positive in contributing its facilities for starting of commercial flight for the benefit of the residents. \"Presently, it's only the chartered flights of the BSL which are operational here besides some private carriers. The company has not received any government directives for starting commercial flights. Beside, there is a land constraint for landing of commercial flights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "14814445", "title": "Bhandara chemists fire salvo at ayurvedic doctors", "text": "BHANDARA: The ayurvedic practitioners in the district have condemned the move of Bhandara District Chemists and Druggists Association (BDCDA) to reject the prescriptions given by ayurvedic doctors regarding allopathic medicines. The National Integrated Medical Association (NIMA) submitted a memorandum to district collector alleging that the druggists association is doing injustice to them by giving such a diktat. The BDCDA has been circulating SMSes that they won't sell allopathic medicines prescribed by Ayurvedic doctors.President of Bhandara unit of NIMA Dr LB Harode said, \"There 600 ayurvedic doctors in the district who serve the rural populace. According to government norms they are eligible to prescribe allopathic medicines to patients. In ayurveda there is no concept of antibiotic, so it is necessary to prescribe such allopathic medicines. The practice has been going on for several years.\"\"Moreover, the chemists or whole sellers are not competent authority to issue such a diktat,\" he said, adding, \"It is a deliberate move to oust ayurvedic doctors from the health field. MBBS doctors are unwilling to go to rural areas. The job is being done by BAMS doctors still we are being harassed by a section of our very own (health field) people.\"Speaking to TOI, an official of food and drugs administration said, \"The FDA does not have any role to play in it. It hasn't issued any such order. The only restriction on Ayurveda doctors is that they cannot prescribe anything related to skin, medical termination of pregnancy or gynaecology related diseases. According to my knowledge the rule is being religiously followed by Ayurvedic doctors practicing in Bhandara district. The BDCDA has no right to issue such diktat.\"President of BDCDA Niket Kshirsagar said, \"We got a letter from government saying that those who are registered medical practitioners (irrespective of whether the doctor is allopathic, ayurvedic or unani) are authorized to prescribe medicines under schedule H.\"However, he couldn't give satisfactory reply when asked why they have circulated the SMS regarding not selling allopathic medicines prescribed by ayurvedic doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812985", "title": "Maharashtra Housing &amp; Area Development Authority gets HC nod to review prime Versova redevelopment project", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday allowed Mhada to go ahead with its move to review the mega redevelopment project spread over 40 acres in a prime location in Versova worth over Rs 500 crore.Hearing a review petition filed by some residents of Aram Nagar, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice R P SondurBaldota said the pendency of the petition would not come in the way of Mhada undertaking a review. The HC also asked Mhada to file its affidavit in the case before the next hearing on July 21.Aram Nagar in Versova comprises 357 structures. In 2008, the government permitted redevelopment of the land. The project proposes to re-house the existing tenants in around 257 flats in multi-storey towers and 100 row houses, each spread over an area of 1,230 square feet. The developer, East West builders, and Mhada, which owns the land, will be entitled to built-up area on completion of the project.Mhada told the HC that it was in the process of renegotiating with the builder as it was entitled to more area from the builder.Senior advocate Janak Dwarakadas, who is representing the petitioners, said if Mhada can renegotiate the deal, why can't the tenants. \"Why should tenants be happy with 1,230 sq ft flats,\" he asked. He alleged that the project did not have 70% mandatory consent of tenants and neither had the builder paid the Rs 24 crore he had promised as corpus fund. The residents have sought a review of the 2010 judgment of the court dismissing their petitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14816917", "title": "Tribal student beaten up in Jamshedpur college", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A tribal student of Jamshedpur Cooperative College was badly beaten up on Tuesday allegedly by unauthorized people staying on the college campus. The college authorities, police and student leaders had to intervene to bring the situation under control.According to sources, Mada Soren, a postgraduate student of the college who stays in the tribal hostel on the campus, was thrashed allegedly by the squatters as they suspected him to be the person behind raising the demand to remove encroachment.\"He was returning to the hostel when three people roughed him up without any fault of his,\" said Manoj Chubey, a student leader.On receiving the information, the college authorities rushed to the site to prevent the situation from turning violent as several of the college students gathered at the site demanding police action.\"We have asked Bistupur police to probe into the matter and do justice to the victim,\" said principal R K Das.It is learned that around 10 families have encroached upon the college land, adjacent to the tribal students' hostel and have constructed thatched houses in connivance with the lower rung officials of the institution and are staying there for the past several years.\"Since the trespassing of the unauthorized residents cause problem to the students on the premises, we have repeatedly asked for their removal but so far there's no action on behalf of the college,\" said a tribal student who stays in the hostel. The college students said if the accused persons were not arrested, by Wednesday morning, they would meet police superintendent Ajay Linda demanding his intervention into the case. Bistupur police station in charge A K Rai said they had lodged the complaint and were investigating into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814388", "title": "India, Unesco to set up research institute inspired by Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unesco and India will come together to establish an institute dedicated to research and innovation and regional networking. To be named Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Education for Peace and Sustainable Development, it will be inspired by Gandhi's vision of peace and sustainability.An agreement was signed between HRD minister Kapil Sibal and director general of Unesco Irina Bokova in Paris recently.The institute's core activity will lie in research and capacity building. It will encourage knowledge exchange, regional networking and catalyze innovation by helping to design and test new approaches to education, a government release said. An expert advisory group would soon be set up by Unesco to develop an agenda for the institute.\"The institute comes at the right time, a time when the world is debating the contours of the century ahead. As the challenges of the 21st century are qualitatively different from the challenges of the 20th century, global understanding and education would assist in appreciating the impact of these challenges on peace and its relation to sustainable development,\" Sibal said after signing the agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14817575", "title": "HC seizes JE exam documents, cancels counselling in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: Corruption in Tripura state Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) has prompted Guwahati High Court's Agartala bench to seize all documents, including the answer scripts from Tripura Joint Entrance Board (TJEB), and stop further counseling on Tuesday. After verification of answer scripts obtained by a few students under RTI, the court found irregularities in evaluation and discrepancy in the statement of the board chairman before the court. The court officials, along with police, conducted a search in TJEB office immediately after the court's direction and seized all documents.\"In an affidavit submitted last week, TJEB chairman Dr Rakhal Debnath informed the high court that all the answer scripts have been kept in safe custody. However, today he said that answer scripts are available in the board office. This enraged the judge who ordered that all documents pertaining to the issue be seized,\" said petitioners' counsel Dipak Biswas.Biswas, however, pointed out that TJEB had since the beginning adopted unfair means and refused to provide answer scripts to candidates under RTI Act. The board only handed over the answer scripts three days before counseling for medical and engineering seats were to begin. In the answer scripts, the petitioners found discrepancy in the marking system and a few students were not even awarded marks for correct answers, Biswas said.The first case against TJEB was filed by one Baishali Pal of Agartala on June 11. Subsequently, 10 others had become party in the case and also filed two separate cases of manipulation of results. The court had sent the answer script of a medical aspirant to a handwriting expert in Guwahati on July 7 following an allegation of altering a few pages of the answer sheet.The court had initially directed TJEB authorities to begin counseling for medical seat distribution from Tuesday barring at least three seats reserved for complainants until disposal of the case. However, with the plea of the petitioners the court ordered to halt counseling and seized the documents.Three engineering and medical aspirants who had appeared for TJEB exams filed a case in the high court following getting discrepancy in their answer scripts obtained under RTI. According to allegations, as many as 100 candidates out of 2,500 students had been awarded less marks - ranging between 22 and 44 - in the examination. In some cases, it was found that the examiners had given marks to some students for the same answers.\"TBJE conducted the exam with multiple choice questions about two months ago, but the authorities are yet to publish the answer key, which is practice followed by all such other entrance boards across the country,\" petitioner Baishali Pal said. Moreover, it is mandatory for all the entrance boards to evaluate the answer scripts in Optical Marking Recognition (OMR) sheet to avoid human error, nepotism, corruption and ensure transparency in the entire process. TJEB did not follow the method and rather adopted all unfair means, she said, demanding fresh exam be conducted.Meanwhile, opposition Congress has demanded re-checking of answer scripts, announcement of fresh merit list and a judicial enquiry into the entire process by a sitting judge. Leader of the opposition Ratan Lal Nath accused chief minister Manik Sarkar of maintaining silence over the issue and said the government had failed to file a case against the TJEB chairman or taken any action despite repeated complaints from different quarters.\"TJEB Chairman Dr Rakhal Debnath adopted a mischievous role since the exam was held and he stayed in Kolkata's Tripura Bhawan for seven days with the answer scripts in the name of evaluation. Several political leaders and top bureaucrats had met him there,\" Nath alleged. He added that the RTI found answer scripts had established the unfair means used by TJEB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14817585", "title": "A 'train' of hurdles to Bhopal railway station", "text": "BHOPAL: Not much before Maninder Singh, a city-based businessman, was gearing to board Shatabdi Express, from the Bhopal railway station, he realized it's too slow a way to catch trains.Caught unaware of the traffic in Bhopal, especially beginning Jehangirabad area, he had to pass through a series of bottlenecks, crossing through the busiest and most densely crowded areas.\"As you proceed to the railway station, you are stuck up in traffic beginning Jehangirabad up to the road that leads to the platform no. 1,\" Singh, a frequent Shatabdi traveler, said.This patch of bottleneck also includes Lower lake-Sultania road trisection, Hamidia road from Bharat talkies till Sangam talkies trisection and the station Bajaria road towards platform no. 1,\" he added.Interestingly, it's not that these bottlenecks cannot be streamlined. The only thing needed is a little traffic engineering, experts believe. \"The problem is compounded since there is a mixed traffic condition with numerous heavy commercial vehicles like trucks, long route buses, Magic cabs, mini buses, low floor buses and two, three and four-wheelers all along the way,\" Sidharth Rokade, traffic and transport engineering expert and assistant professor civil engineering at Manit said.There is also a great pedestrian activity all along this route .Footpaths are either absent or encroached. Hence pedestrians cross anywhere further adding to the chaos,\" he added.With hardly any traffic engineering at place, Jehangirabad rotary and the Lower Lake-Sultania road trisections are very old without any development for the last many years, he said adding, both needs to be redesigned.As one crosses Jehangirabad and Sultania hospital roads, the Bharat talkies traffic comes on the way.\"It is the most dangerous and possibly fatal as most of the space is lying unutilized,\" Rokade said.\"The junction itself is poorly designed. This junction witnesses huge traffic because besides the passenger vehicles, long route buses to Raisen ply along the narrow road. The traffic is also meandering as one has to first take left and then come down to right. This is the biggest bottleneck,\" he said.\"Getting rid of the encroachments would go a long way in providing the road with some breathing space. If widening of the road is not possible, then separators should be constructed to ease congestion,\" he added.The encroachments also have eaten up on the pedestrian facilities. It is common to find pedestrians walking on that busy road. \"A foot over bridge (FOB) is urgently required there. If not, then a skywalk would be the ideal solution. But first, proper survey for mapping the pedestrian and volume and activity should be conducted,\" said the expert.Many train passengers are also stuck up at the Sangam talkies trisection.This too is an uncontrolled trisection. Even the police find it difficult to man the trisection during heavy traffic situation. \"Since the width of the road is very narrow, segregation of lanes cannot be done.\" he said.While, approaching platform no. 1, many illegal shops line the road, reducing the road width. From time to time, there are anti-encroachment drives, but after sometime they spring up again. Also the parking facilities at the main station have been crippled leading to much suffering for the passengers. \"The only way out at both platforms no. 1 and 5 is multi-level parking for two and four-wheelers,\" said Rokade.\"The Alpana Talkies trisection which is the approach road for platform no. 5 often has a dysfunctional signal which throws the traffic into disarray. The problem intensifies as the mini and low floor buses have their stop at the same trisection. The enforcement should be stepped up at such important trisections,\" concluded the expert.COP SPEAKDSP traffic M S Chhari acknowledged the bottlenecks and traffic chaos at Bharat and Sangam Talkies but said they could hardly do anything. Speaking particularly about the problems faced by Shatabdi Express passengers, he said, \"The staff deployed at these busy junctions is sufficient but the Shatabdi rush time is highest when the noon shows of the halls end and the matinee shows begin. In addition to that, since the main gate of the cinema hall is towards the main road, it creates a mess as people are in a hurry to leave,\" he said.\"Also the main vegetable market is adjacent to the Sangam Talkies junction which has thelas, matadors, loading autos, vehicles, all lined on the same road,\" he added.\"The Bharat Talkies owner has been told repeatedly to shift the exit gate towards the back of the hall but there has been no response from that yet. We have even told the administration. This issue is going to be taken up in the next Road Safety meeting scheduled on July 16. As for Sangam Talkies traffic, unless the vegetable market is shifted the problem would prevail,\" said the traffic cop.Death toll (Jehangirabad - Railway Station)2011 - 52012 - 3 (till July 10)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814537", "title": "Five of family booked for woman's suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Hudkeshwar police have slapped charges of abetment to commit suicide and torture against five persons of a family at New Mhalgi Nagar on Monday. The five persons, including husband, his parents and other family members, were booked over Sonali Khaire's suicide on June 18 last month.It is learnt that Sonali, a Pune resident, had married Vilas in 2009. She was allegedly harassed over a demand of Rs1 lakh for erecting a house. After this was paid, the in-laws made a further demand of Rs2 lakh.Following the relentless harassment, Sonali set herself afire at her in-laws place and succumbed to her injuries later. Hudkeshwar police had registered a case of accidental death. This was changed to offences of abetment to suicide after the statements of Sonali's family members and others were recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14803432", "title": "Only Salman Khan can make anything work: Eijaz Khan", "text": "In a time when actors are affected by the TRP ratings of their show, Eijaz Khan remains unperturbed.With his character being axed i n Shubh Vivah and his show going off air, Eijaz is in a comfortable position. Says the actor, \"I'm not insecure when it comes to work. I'm a civil engineer by qualification. I can make money from becoming one. But I like acting that's why I do it\".Eijaz also feels it's a great time for actors, both in television and films. \"It's a wonderful time to be in these industries because for us as actors, there are diverse roles now to play. The concepts are amazing and script is king. Everyone gets their due\".Eijaz who believes in playing a myriad of characters feels \"An actor is only an actor when he is experimenting\". Further adding, \"High TRPs does not mean the content of the show is good. You can never tell what works. And sometimes shows don't work. Unless you are a Salman Khan who can make anything work!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14814831", "title": "Sheikh-Indira accord was never signed, NC tells Congress", "text": "SRINAGAR: Jammu &amp; Kashmir's ruling National Conference on Monday claimed that chief minister Omar Abdullah's grandfather, Sheikh Abdullah, had not signed the 1975 accord with then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi that paved the way for the party's return to power after it dropped its demand for plebiscite.The statement, which implies that the NC regards the political future of J&K; unresolved, escalated the war of words between the ruling party and the Congress, its main alliance partner in the state.\"Which accord are you talking about? How did the Congress leaders conclude that an accord was signed?\" Omar's uncle and NC additional general secretary Mustafa Kamal said. Kamal was reacting to state minister and senior Congress leader Taj Mohiuddin's statement that the 1975 accord was the only basis to decide the state's future.\"An understanding was reached between Sheikh and Indira Gandhi in 1975 which was based on deliberations between Mirza Afzal Beigh (NC leader) and (civil servant) G Parthashastry. No accord was sig8ned,\" said Kamal. He said the Congress was trying to \"demean\", \"humiliate\" and \"weaken\" his party.The NC leader also lashed out at the Congress, saying it was keen on aligning with the opposition People's Democratic Party. \"They have an alternative and look keen on forging an alliance with the PDP,\" said Kamal.The Congress condemned Kamal's comment as \"mudslinging\". State Congress spokesman Ravindra Sharma asked the NC leader to \"hold his tongue\" and to \"mind his own business\" as it could disturb the coalition's smooth functioning. \"The remarks made by Kamal are not in the interest of the coalition partners as they are objectionable and distort historical facts. This is intolerable to our cadres,\" said Sharma. He said the NC is in power due to the Congress's support.Earlier, the NC had sacked Kamal in 2011 for speaking against Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi . He was reinstated a few months later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14817810", "title": "Swinging fortunes of swing operators", "text": "VARANASI: Manish, an operator of ferry wheel at Shrawan fair in Durgakund, who has come all the way from Kanpur in hope of earning during the holy month, is disappointed as the fair has pulled only 20 per cent crowd towards the swings as compared to last year. \"Even if the fair pulls good crowd, people do not prefer rides on swings and instead enjoy eating, shopping for toys, Chinese articles and other equipment,\" he said.Vikas, another operator, said: \"Earlier there were many people coming and enjoying these rides. Now, they do not. The count had gone down to over 60 per cent in last 5 to 6 years. The main reason is that there are so many scopes of entertainment. Parents also do not like the children enjoying rides in fairs, although they allow tiny tots to enjoy swings installed in shopping malls.\"Swing operators are also not very happy with the earnings. \"The minimum sum which we charge for small hand-operated swings for children is Rs 5 while the fare for the costliest ride is Rs 25 per person for fuel-operated ones. The cost of fuel for operating these swings is also rising,\" Lalit, another swing operator, said. \"Operating bigger swings like merry-go-round, ferry wheels, roller coaster and other machine-operated ones consume a huge amount of fuel in the form of electricity or diesel. We avoid operating such swing until all the seats or chairs are full,\" he added.Most of the swing operators and owners come from nearby areas, specially villages. For them, Varanasi always remains top priority as the city hosts many entertaining events like fathyatra fairs, Shrawan fairs, Durga Puja, Eid and Christmas festivities.Most of the swing operators face unemployment during the off season. \"From January to June there are no fairs so we engaged in other activities such as part-time workers, shopkeepers and labourers,\" Lalit said.According to the records of entertainment tax department, despite the lack of interest among people, fairs do contribute a little in the generation of revenue and a great portion of that comes from swings. C P Tripathi, assistant officer, entertainment tax department, said that major fairs which are specially held during Shrawan, rathyatra festival and Durga Puja generate a revenue of nearly Rs 2,00,000.The amount is not even one per cent of the approximate revenue of Rs 12 crore which is generated from various other sources. \"All the entertainment activities which are ticketed are taxable. It mainly comprises machine-operated swings, dances and other programmes. A few years back, swing operators were exempted from paying tax. From 2011, they are paying 25 per cent of the amount of a ticket as entertainment tax,\" Tripathi said. The department also checks the condition of all the machine-operated swings, he added.Vendors selling clay toys, plastic items, decorative and devotional articles and swing operators are spotted near every Lord Shiva temple on Mondays during Shrawan. Major fairs are organised at Durgakund, Town Hall and Sarnath, which attract devotees from across the country as well as rural and urban areas of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14812727", "title": "New Buddha site discovered", "text": "PATNA: Buddhavana- a very significant place associated with Lord Buddha - as mentioned by famous Chinese monk and scholar Xuanzang in 7th century AD, has finally been located in Gaya district.\"The description of distance and direction of 'Buddhavana' mentioned by Xuanzang brings us exactly to village Ayer, barely 10km west of Jethian in Gaya district. Ayer is situated by a hill and the antiquities at the place perfectly match the Xuanzang's description,\" claimed Deepak Anand, a young research scholar associated with Nava Nalanda Mahavihara (NNM), a deemed university at Nalanda.\"Though the place was discovered last week, we were making efforts for the last two years to identify the places associated with Buddha's wandering as mentioned by Xuanzang. In the process, we visited many villages in and around Nalanda and Gaya,\" Deepak told TOI.Residents of Ayer village are very happy with this find and have now found the answer to why so many antiquities are found near the cave. The local village community has already made a move to safeguard the antiquities, said a villager.With the discovery of Buddhavana, one big void in Buddha's wandering stretch seems to have been filled. \"An important thing about this new find is that now we have two sites, namely 'Yasthivana' (present Jethian) and 'Buddhavana' (present Ayer), both associated with Buddha, in the picturesque Jethian Valley. This provides us an opportunity to develop the whole valley as a major attraction for Buddhists as well as tourists from all over the world,\" said Ravindra Panth, director of the NNM.The cave by the steep side of the hill is surrounded by many brick stupas of various dimensions from ancient times. The whole hill has many scattered sandstone Buddha images. A couple of images even have inscriptions. At the base of the hill is a mound which is pregnant with antiquities.For the last couple of years, explorations were being made for correct identification of Buddhavana and a few other significant places mentioned by Xuanzang in and around Nalanda in Magadh region. \"The site needs some more exploration and immediate excavation,\" said Panth.Under the \"Revival of Ancient Buddhist Pilgrimage in Bihar\" project by NNM and the department of youth, art and culture, government of Bihar, effort is being made in the first phase to revive the 'pilgrimage path' from Bodh Gaya to Parwati connecting Pragbodhi, Gurpa, Jethian, Rajgir and Nalanda (within a radius of nearly 100km from Nalanda and Gaya) taken by the Chinese traveller.Already, CM Nitish Kumar has revived the ancient pilgrimage path from Rajgir to Jethian, a 14km stretch through the Rajgir valley. He himself visited Jethian on several occasions. In the coming years, the pilgrimage path may be extended to the 'Buddhavana cave' at Ayer village, said an expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814299", "title": "Lecture demonstrations organized by Spicmacay", "text": "NAGPUR: \"Dancers, like Ganga, are ageless,\" says renowned Odishi exponent Geeta Mahalik, who is in the city for a series of lecture demonstrations organized by SPIC MACAY. What she says sits well on her, as the sixty-plus dancer is a picture of grace as she chats with TOI about classical forms and the quality of audience that attends these concerts.The Delhi-based dancer who has been associated with SPIC MACAY for long says that the movement has made a qualitative different. \"This is a very concrete attempt to win over youth to Indian art forms,\" she says. Classical forms help discipline the mind and the body and early exposure gets them interested, and now they are asking questions, she adds.As most of the dance forms draw their storyline from the puranic kathas, Mahalik says she does not confine her act to just dance mudras. \"While giving a performance I first narrate the entire tale, be it of Krishna or Ram or Shiva. Then I depict it through bhav and mudras. This way, they learn stories from Indian mythology and also about the various postures of the form.\"Weaning away the younger generation so hooked to computer games and western influences is not easy, says Mahalik. \"My effort is to win over their minds. They should get interested in our heritage. During my performances abroad I have seen children take such keen interest and ask relevant questions. Our aim through the Virasat series is to make them learn about these rich arts and not to just motivate them to learn.\"The lecture demonstrations today are more performance-based and so have a deeper impact, feels Mahalik. \"When an artist performs in full costume and jewellery he goes to a different level and children learn to differentiate between different forms by identifying them through costumes.\"Lamenting the falling quality of audiences and the small numbers who attend classical concerts, the dancer says, \"Despite the fact that it is considered fashionable to attend classical concerts, the numbers are very less. But there is a small discernible group who do enjoy it,\" she says and adds that the smaller towns like Varanasi and even Ujjain have a more vibrant audience than the metros.Dancing into young heartsEnthralling the young audience with her grace, fluidity of movement and the costume and jewellery, Odishi dancer Geeta Mahalik gave a lecture demonstration on the nuances of this dance form at the Center Point School, Katol Road, and CDS School, Dabha, on Tuesday, kick-starting the Virasat series in Vidarbha region.To the notes of mridang, majira and violin, Mahalik gave students a glimpse of this age old dance form. With her abhinay, the hast mudras and the interpretation of various bhav, she educated the enthusiastic kids about the intricacies of Odishi dance. Getting interactive, she roped them in by asking questions about the different bhav. But she had their full attention when she began her narration of the story of Krishna, as he jumps into the river to retrieve a ball and kills Kaalia the snake. She then went on to narrate the story through her dance.Spanning over the next fortnight, SPIC MACAY would be holding these sessions at schools in Akola and Amravati too. The other artists who would be participating are Ronu Mazumdar and Vishwamohan Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14813340", "title": "Umbrellas, raincoats take varied hues and shapes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the monsoon season here, a variety of umbrellas and raincoats have flooded the market. Coming in various shades and styles, the youngsters have a slew of options to choose from.Children are going in for umbrellas with frills, flower prints and polkas and raincoats that have their favourite cartoon characters. If raincoats with Batman, Spiderman and Doremon themes are catching the fancy of boys, girls are taking a shine to the ones with Barbie and pink hues.Small and light umbrellas and the ones with horns, too, are on top of children's wish list. \"There is a good demand for umbrellas that are light weight and easy to carry,\" said Rita Thakur, the manager of a Sector 8 showroom. Sunil Kumar, who runs an umbrella shop in Sector 17, said, \"Umbrellas with frills, horns, cartoon characters and small prints are quite popular among kids.\"\"Of the umbrellas I have, I especially like the red one with two horns,\" said Dhwani Sharma, a Class IV student of Vivek High School.Kids are also having their pick from a wide range of raincoats. \"I have bought a new raincoat of pink colour... it has Barbie as its theme,\" said Jiyana Gupta, a 10-year-old student of Scared Heart school.Sakshi Tandon, a mother of two, said, \"I have bought raincoats with many cartoon characters on these for my two daughters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812382", "title": "Dengue threat: Ward-wise, Panaji to be cleaned", "text": "PANAJI: To prevent the spread of dengue in view of an increase in vector-borne diseases, the Panaji urban health centre has decided to conduct ward-wise cleanliness drives in the city with public participation, this month.With July being observed as anti-dengue month, the Panaji urban health centre (UHC) is seeking to intensify its efforts against the spread of the vector-borne disease. The Panaji health officer Dr M Tamba has sought the assistance of Corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) councilors in their respective wards with the involvement of the ward sanitation committee.Dr Tamba said that the rise in cases occurs especially during the monsoon and post-monsoon due to proliferation of mosquitoes in the accumulated rain water in potholes, waste plastic cups, tyres and coconut shells among other items.She urged residents of Panaji to participate in prevention efforts to prevent the spread of vector-borne diseases, since only carrying out fumigation was only a temporary solution. She felt that community participation in conducting cleanliness drives and awareness programmes was essential in order to reduce the spread of the disease and prevent the breeding of mosquitoes. She was of the view that continuous efforts in maintaining cleanliness in the surrounding of each home will play a major role in preventing vector-borne diseases.In this connection, an advocacy workshop for control of malaria and other vector-borne diseases was held recently in Panaji and was attended by mayor of Panaji Vaidehi Naik, representatives of the voluntary health association of Goa, PWD, TCP, State labour commission, BDO of Tiswadi, and CCP councilors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "14812343", "title": "Development a priority for Old Goa panchayat", "text": "OLD GOA: Since Old Goa's former sarpanch Nilkanth Bhomkar was ousted in a no-confidence motion on June 19, the panchayat has been functioning without anyone occupying that post. Yet, at a meeting held on July 3, it has passed several resolutions for carrying out developmental works within the jurisdiction of the panchayat.Sources told TOI on Tuesday that a community hall is proposed to be constructed under the MPLAD scheme near the Gharpul Housing Society, while a cross drainage is also to be built by the PWD near the Gregorio petrol pump. While tiling of the footpath (on both sides) from the Sao Pedro church to Bainguinim will be taken up, the adjacent natural spring will also be developed suitably.Also in the pipeline are two new roads-while one is from the main road to the Mollar primary school, the other is from Sahyadri printers to Baban house. Three drains that will also be constructed on an urgent basis.\"Once the necessary technical and financial sanctions are received from the concerned authorities, the execution of the above works will commence,\" Old Goa panchayat secretary Shirish Kumar Tari told TOI.Meanwhile, a senior citizen from Salcete who happened to be in Old Goa on Tuesday, attacked the Old Goa panchayat. \"This is a World Heritage Site were thousands of people come from all over the world. Garbage is strewn all around the church complex. Can't the authorities ensure a clean atmosphere at this sacred place?\" a visibly-annoyed Maria Philomena Pereira demanded to know.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812714", "title": "Reimburse poor students\u2019 fees, high court tells state", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday said the state government should comply with its order directing it to reimburse fees of underprivileged students studying in private unaided schools in the state.A division bench of Chief Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing contempt petitions by parents of students belonging to the ST/ST and nomadic tribes who were not allowed to attend their schools and also denied school leaving certificates after passing SSC. At the previous hearing, the judges had appealed to Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa to support the education of 50-odd such students who are petitioners before the court. TOI on July 7, 2012, carried a report highlighting the court's plea for help.Petitioners' advocate Gayatri Singh said some organizations and individuals have come forward to help these students. The judges were pleased to hear of it and agreed with her that this could not be a long-term solution to the problem. Singh informed that Shardashram Vidyalaya, Dadar, and Bhandup People Education Society have issued school leaving certificates to their SSC passed students and also allowed students to attend classes. She said the petitioners were hence withdrawing the contempt petitions.On April 28, 2011, the government was directed to reimburse the fees and arrears of 13 lakh students across Maharashtra. To a query from the judges whether the state intends to comply with its April 2011 order, additional government pleader A S Saluja said the matter will be again placed before the cabinet.Singh and the schools advocates, CK Thomas for Chembur English School and Arvind Kothari for Shardashram, said the government must comply with the order to release arrears unconditionally. The judges also asked the state to consider reimbursing tuition fees for schools in urban areas according to option 3 of a panel report which looked into the issue. Option 3 proposed fees of Rs 200 payable per student from Stds I to IV, Rs 250 from Stds V to VII and Rs 350 from Stds VIII to X. The final hearing of the contempt petition against the government will be heard on Aug 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14813706", "title": "Celebration of liberty: Rainbow groups gear up for pride parade", "text": "KOLKATA: Not many know that the first Rainbow Pride parade in India had taken off in Kolkata in 1999. Thirteen years hence, on Sunday, activists and LGBT members are set to kick off the Rainbow Pride 2012. The rally starts at 5 pm from the Hazra Crossing, and ends at Rabindra Sadan.\"The first such protest in the country inspired similar walks in Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai, Bhubaneswar, Patna and has come to symbolize the rights movement of India's lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgenders and other sexual minority communities,\" said the Kolkata Rainbow Pride Festival team. \"Kolkata has always been about tolerance and celebration of liberty. Over these two decades of the movement, several wings of civil society, including academia, artist community, human rights workers and the media have been a beacon of support towards reaching out and lending courage to the voice for equal rights,\" said a statement released by the team.Internationally, the parade had its genesis in the 1969 Stonewall riots, which was sparked by a police crackdown on a bar that catered to sexual minorities near New York City. Thirty years down the line, Kolkata saw its first pride parade. In 2008, Kolkata, Delhi, Bangalore and Pondicherry coordinated the protest marches on June 28. A couple of months later, Mumbai held its first formal pride parade. It's been held annually across India ever since. The decriminalization move by the Delhi high court in 2009 was the first major victory for LGBT members. And now, the group is waiting for the Supreme Court's nod. \"The country is waiting for the SC's verdict on the decriminalization of same-sex sexual relations formed by mutually consenting adults as well as the larger LGBT communities,\" said Sonali Roy, one of the organizers.\"People are extremely biased against LGBT groups due to their fear of the unknown. Also, the taboo and myths surrounding sexuality result in more discrimination. We want to change this mindset, we want to appeal to the society's better senses,\" said Pawan Dhall, who was part of the 1999 walk and is now a key organizer for the Sunday rally. \"We have approached political parties for help. They're willing to listen and sympathise, but not much else.\"While sensitivity and tolerance might be the keywords here, it would be interesting to see if an LGBT rally makes a mark in the city, at a time when the authorities are facing fire for their \"handling\" of the Pinki Pramanik case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814269", "title": "No compensation for orange growers in Nagpur district", "text": "NAGPUR: Until now it used to be discrimination between West Maharashtra and Vidarbha. Now, the state government seems to have started discriminating between districts in the region. Maharashtra government had promised a compensation package of Rs8,000 per hectare for maximum two hectares of horticultural crops, including orange, across the state. But when it came to distribution of compensation, the state has restricted payouts to just Amravati and Buldhana districts in the region.Irked by the decision, orange growers in Nagpur district and representatives of orange growers association, like Mahaorange and the Nagpur Orange Producers Association (NOPA), have appealed to the government but to no avail. \"Unfortunately, even this year the orange Mrig bahar crop is bad due to insufficient rain. But we see no ray of hope. Horticulture minister Vijay Kumar Gavit had personally promised to give compensation to all orange growing districts. But Nagpur has been left out in the last crop, and there is no response to our requests. But I will continue to pursue the issue,\" said Shridhar Thakre, president of Mahaorange.NOPA secretary Manoj Jawanjal told TOI that they were not expecting such discrimination and neglect. \"Although the GR for compensation allowing Rs8,000 per hectare compensation for maximum two hectares came on May 15, 2012, we got it only in June. And since last month all our efforts to meet ministers have been in vain. Why this discrimination even when the government survey had declared Katol, Narkhed, Saoner and Kamleshwar as scarcity hit?\" he questioned.Among all horticulture crops, farmers say orange is the most neglected crop. This is despite continuous efforts by local farmers to highlight their issues during the winter legislative assembly session. Sunil Shinde, former Katol MLA, says that it was sad that Vidarbha leaders have no interest in farmers' issue in region. \"I have been raising the issue of orange farmers during every winter session in city. But the ministers are so thick skinned that nothing moves them. Yet, I will not lose heart and continue to pursue the cause,\" he said.Shinde has written many letters to everyone in the government, beginning from the district collection and right up to the chief minister, deputy chief minister and, of course, horticulture minister Vijay Kumar Gavit. He has demanded an explanation for excluding Nagpur district from the compensation package. But not one minister has bothered to reply to the letters.At the local level, the joint director of agriculture (Nagpur circle) claims that Nagpur was never included under the scarcity-hit villages. \"Orange growing districts did not have less than 50% anewari to be eligible for compensation. And orange cannot be separated from this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14818287", "title": "Rahman to act in Singam 2", "text": "Suriya is currently working on Maattrraan which is directed by K V Anand. In this movie he is donning a double role. And Hari's Singam 2 is what he will be starting next. Actor Rahman will also be part of the movie. He is going to seen on screen after a long time. The speculation is that he will also play a bad guy in the film.Singam 2 is scheduled to start on July 15. The others in the movie are Anushka, Hansika, Santhanam, Vivekh, Nassar, Manorama and Kota Srinivasa Rao. Devi Sri Prasad is scoring the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "14818132", "title": "Heaps of garbage vie for attention in Dugri", "text": "DUGRI: With the onset of monsoon in city, the heaps of garbage in Dugri are posing a great danger of monsoon-related diseases such as malaria , dengue, chikengunia, cholera and viral fever for residents. It is surprising that in spite of repeated complaints, the civic authorities remain callous and do not bother about clearing this garbage and providing a cleaner environment to residents.According to the area residents, vacant plots in Dugri have been converted into garbage dumps because MC authorities have not been able to implement an effective garbage disposal system. The vacant space in front of CRPF flats in Phase I, adjoining Army flats in Phase III, on the main road of Dugri and vacant residential plots adjoining BSNL office building are some places where heaps of garbage lie scattered.Dr Ajay Shahi, a dentist and Dugri resident, said, \"Besides bringing relief from scorching heat, the monsoon season brings along a host of diseases - and when hygiene is not maintained, these get a boost. Moreover, besides posing serious health risk, unbearable stink emanates from these plots, making life all the more unbearable. Sadly, the MC seems to be least bothered about the health of residents.\"A homemaker, Tanya Malhotra, who resides in Dugri Phase II, said, \"The fact that civic authorities have not been able to provide a clean surrounding, especially during rainy season, speaks volumes for their commitment to public service. Besides being at constant threat of diseases, it becomes embarrassing for us to invite relatives to our locality as heaps of garbage greet them.\"Joint commissioner and head of health branch, A S Sekhon, said, \"There are clear directions to MC employees for maintaining hygiene in residential areas by lifting garbage on a regular basis to prevent the spread of diseases. However, we will make sure and take extra care that all areas are properly cleaned during the rainy season.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "delhi/chennai", "code": "14814625", "title": "DMK, AIADMK spar over prime Chennai plot", "text": "DELHI/CHENNAI: The Centre has locked horns with an insistent TN government seeking to reclaim 63 acres of prime Chennai land. In what is seen as another attempt by chief minister J Jayalalithaa to challenge the DMK, the state has served notice to sick pharmaceutical undertaking IDPL to return 62.08 acres at Nandambakkam because it was lying vacant for over four decades after the allotment was made to set up the PSU. A terse letter, issued by the industries secretary on June 19, asked the drug maker to file objections within a week.The demand over the prime piece of land, at a time when it is a scarce commodity, may have passed for routine tussle but for the fact that IDPL falls under department of pharmaceuticals of Union ministry of chemicals and fertilizers, headed by M K Alagiri. Not for nothing, the Union ministry has raised a red flag to the demand.Dravidian outfits to clash over issueThe drug maker responded to the state by saying that Centre was set to unveil a revival package for IDPL and giving up any part of the land could affect the move. According to sources, TN cannot seek the land when the company's viability was being studied by the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction.The issue could trigger a replay of the clash between the Dravidian outfits. While DMK was on the offensive for an extended period, ruling in Tamil Nadu and Delhi, the situation changed after AIADMK swept to power last year in Chennai. Since then, M Karunanidhi has stuck to the Centre to ward off \"vendetta\".Jayalalitha tried to pick on Karunanidhi's role in UPA to embarrass the rival. She trained guns initially on Alagiri, questioning his performance in Parliament, and even tried to corner DMK by raising the pitch against the Centre on Sri Lankan firing on fishermen and human rights of Tamils in the island country.Observers feel AIADMK may think of using the land issue to accuse the rival of hampering the state's industrialization. DMK, on the other hand, wants to take credit for reviving the near defunct PSU.The clash over the Chennai land, pegged at over Rs 1,100 crore, has signs of flaring up, with tough words from both sides. In his letter, N Sundaradevan, principal secretary, industries, said IDPL was sick and possibility of its using this land was remote, adding, \"When there are so many pressing claims for land for industrial and other purposes, it is not proper to keep such a large and valuable chunk of land unutilized.\"However, a senior official in the chemicals ministry said, \"IDPL case is pending before a quasi-judicial body BIFR and Supreme Court has ruled in the past that states cannot take over allotted land at their whims.\" Sources said a similar demand by Andhra Pradesh for IDPL land in Hyderabad was denied in the past. IDPL officials said many such demands by various departments in Tamil Nadu including the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) had been rejected. The Chennai unit of IDPL employs 150 employees and produces 25 crore tablets and 3 crore capsules per year. The Chennai plot has 457 apartments for its employees and many have been let out on rent to private parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14817710", "title": "Mock drill at New Delhi Railway Station", "text": "NEW DELHI: A mock drill was conducted at the busy New Delhi Railway Station on Wednesday to check the preparedness of various agencies in responding to emergency situations.The drill simulated scenarios depicting a terrorist attack at the station. All government agencies participated in the mock drill.Officials said the drill was part of the efforts to assess the preparedness of the agencies in case of a terrorist attack and other disasters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812001", "title": "Another auto driver booked for rigging e-meter", "text": "MUMBAI: An FIR was registered on Tuesday against an auto driver for allegedly tampering an electronic meter in the eastern suburbs. This is the second such case in the city in the past fortnight. The complaint was lodged at Mulund police station by the Wadala RTO, which began its drive against meter tampering from Monday.The Andheri RTO, which has also launched a similar in the western suburbs, has detained a driver from Jogeshwari for tampering. Sources said officials were in the process of lodging a police complaint.In the Mulund case, officials said the driver has been booked under Section 420 (cheating) of the IPC and was likely to arrested by late evening. In the past two days, the RTO checked at least 50 autos, however, found majority of them to be normal.Sources said the drive will continue till the month-end. A senior RTO official said, \"According to our information, the number of tampered e-meters will be negligible. However, we want to register police cases against drivers and mechanics and send them behind bars. They may also be fined Rs 4,000.\"Recently, a squad of state transport commissioner caught a mechanic red-handed in Ghatkopar while allegedly tampering an e-meter for Rs 1,000. The mechanic was subsequently arrested. During interrogation, it was found that only a few e-meters had been tampered recently.Sources said RTOs are also being stringent while approving e-meters. On Tuesday, officials deteced a few defective meters. The drivers were sent back to the dealers to rectify the error.transport commissioner V N More too claimed that the number e-meter tampering cases would be \"negligible\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14815249", "title": "Ready to offer concessional rate for Kochi Metro: Sreedharan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With the state government on Tuesday deciding to hand over the Kochi Metro project to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, it is now left to the reconstituted board of Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) to ratify it. That is largely a formality though DMRC's relatively high commission rates - 12% as mentioned in its draft contract agreement - could be a potential bone of contention.However, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation's advisor E Sreedharan put such doubts to rest by saying that DMRC viewed its work for Kochi Metro more as service than business.\"We want to make sure that an advanced transport system like metro rail is available in Kerala. In the case of Kochi Metro and Jaipur Metro, we are ready to execute the work for 6 %, which is a concessional rate,\" Sreedharan told TOI after Kochi Metro Rail Limited's board meeting here on Tuesday.But this offer won't be applicable for the monorail project in Kozhikode. \"For the monorail project in Kozhikode we have asked for 8%. We are not sure whether the state government would agree,\" he said.On the recent controversy regarding the shutdown of Delhi Metro's airport express line, Sreedharan said that happened only because Reliance Infrastructure, that operates the Metro line, was making an operational loss. \"Reliance was making a big loss, probably more than Rs 1 crore per day. They wanted to close down the line somehow. The glitches were minor ones, like replacement of bearings and all which can happen to any line,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14817065", "title": "Reds torch road project vehicles", "text": "KORAPUT: In a pre-dawn offensive, Maoist torched vehicles engaged in road construction work in Malkangiri district on Tuesday. No injury or casualty has been reported in the incident, said police.According to sources, a group of around 30 armed Maoists swooped down on the work site camp of a private construction company at Nakamamudi under Balimela police limits around 3 am and ablaze at least three vehicles after asking the watchman and a couple of workers present there to leave the spot.\"The Red rebels did not assault anyone and no explosives were used in the offensive. The Maoists used kerosene to set the vehicles on fire. A case has been registered and investigation is on,\" said Siba Pujari, a police officer of Balimela police station.Before leaving, the Maoists put up posters at the crime spot, listing a series of their demands, including a halt to operation Green Hunt, withdrawal of central forces, and to stop the construction work of Ranchi-Vijayawada corridor, among others. \"The government is unnecessarily spending money on the deployment of BSF in the area. The government should instead spend the money on the development of tribals,\" read a Maoist poster at the crime spot. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814458", "title": "NHRC notice to MHA on \u2018psychiatric counseling\u2019 of Kudankulam protestors", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has issued a notice demanding an explanation from the home ministry on reports that Kukandulam protestors were being made to undergo psychiatric counseling.Spearheaded by the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy, locals have been protesting against the proposed nuclear power station under construction in Tirunelveli district, Tamil Nadu.Reports suggested that the government had used psychiatric counseling to dissuade people from protesting. In response to an RTI application filed by activist S C Agrawal, NHRC said it had sought a report from the home secretary on July 3.The NHRC notice said, \"This appears to be a check on the freedom of speech and expression.'' The commission has asked the home secretary to submit a report by July 25 adding that the case will be taken up in a public hearing in Chennai in the first week of August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14818178", "title": "Poraner Moyna Re", "text": "CreditsFilm : Poraner Moyna ReDirector : Milan BhowmikProducer : Dream Makers, Emboss Infra Projects LtdMusic : Soumitra KunduMain Cast : Raaj, Pamela, Biswajit Chakravorty, Subhomoy etcGenre : RomanceRelease Date : Jul 13Synopsis : Raaj and Pamela will be seen in lead roles opposite each other in the movie. Story, screenplay and dialogue is by Debasish Basu and lyrics is by Priyo Chatterjee. The film is a romantic story between Raaj and Pamela.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14812988", "title": "Parliament Secretary opposes bureaucrats' interference in MLA funds", "text": "JAIPUR: Parliamentary secretary Rajendra Singh Bidhuri has opposed the state government's decision to allow district collectors to sanction up to 20% of the MLA funds without the local legislators' approval.In a strongly worded statement, the parliamentary secretary said, \"It seems chief minister Ashok Gehlot now does not need the legislators. He should then field the bureaucrats rather than the party people in the next elections.\"Bidhuri even hit out against the bureaucrats by accusing them of 'getting anti-people orders passed by the chief minister.' He emphasised that the government decision to let district collectors have an \"independent say\" in utilisation of the MLA funds was as an infringement on the legislators' rights.Last month, the rural development and panchayati raj department passed an order that at least 20% of the MLA Fund be utilised for development of scheduled caste (SC) and scheduled tribe (ST) localities in each constituency. The order mentioned that if the local legislator fails to sanction money for SC/ST works, the district collector concerned can unilaterally release up to 20% of the annual Rs 2 crore MLA Fund.Bidhuri, however, reasoned that the legislators were better suited to judge how much and when to utilise the MLA Fund for SC/ST's works in their constituencies. \"People chose the legislators, not the bureaucrats. Moreover, MLA Fund is not for legislators of just the ruling party,\" Bidhuri said, suggesting that the government order \"smacked\" of bias on political lines.Another legislator of the ruling Congress party, Pratap Singh Khachariawas objected to the government decision saying that the bureaucrats were hardly aware of the constituencies' ground realities and requirements. \"Collectors will pass orders sitting in their offices. The government order is not acceptable to us,\" said Khachariawas, the Congress legislator from Jaipur's Civil Lines area.He reasoned that the government order indirectly placed the executive over the legislature, as district collectors would act independent of the elected public representatives. Khachariawas quipped, \"Even the chief minister is a legislator first; so does that mean that the collector of the district in which the CM's constituency falls will act independent of the CM in utilising the MLA Fund?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14814369", "title": "Vendor thrashed by cop over bribe", "text": "NOIDA: Refusal to pay bribe to a cop has landed a fruit vendor in the hospital. On Tuesday, the victim, Mohd Wasim (22) was waiting near DPS Noida for the fruit distribution vehicle when a PCR stopped beside him. Two cops got off and started collecting money from all the fruit vendors. When they asked Wasim to cough up Rs 30, he refused. At this, the accused constable allegedly started hitting him on his leg which has a rod inserted in it after a surgery for a past injury.Soon, other vendors realized that the screw holding the rod has come loose and Wasim had to be rushed to the district hospital. The other vendors then staged a protest and went to meet the SSP at his residence, but he was unavailable. The fruit vendors alleged that after change in the regime, instances of the police brutality have increased. \"Now they keep pressuring us for more bribe, but when we oppose they thrash us,\" said Amit, one of the vendors. The police, so far, have not taken any action against the accused officer.\"The cops abused me when I did not pay them. When I asked them not to abuse, one of them started thrashing me. I could not control myself and fell down. The constable then took out a lathi and started hitting me on my leg. My leg had earlier broken and I had to get a rod inserted for the bone to heal. Despite several request by the other fruit vendors, he did not stop. The cops only stopped when people started crowding the place asking what was happening,\" Wasim told TOI.When asked, senior police officers said that an enquiry has been ordered into the vendor's allegations about brutality by the constable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14815160", "title": "The project aims at reducing energy consumption by creating awareness", "text": "KOCHI: In an effort to save energy, Ernakulam district panchayat has decided to launch 'Manasiloru Bulb', a project to create awareness among students on the need for energy conservation.As part of the project energy conservation clubs will be started in all the schools in the district.District panchayat president Eldhose Kunnappilly said that around one lakh students are expected to take part in the project which aims at minimising the consumption of power by creating awareness. Kunnappilly would inaugurate the project at the District Panchayat Hall on July 16.The project assumes more importance as Ernakulam district consumes one sixth of the total power consumption in the state.According to Kunnappilly, the project would help save 100 watt of power in each household. The project will be able to save 10 megawatt of electricity which comes to Rs 12 crore when translated into money.Seminars, special camps, cycle rallies and exhibition of films, poster and paintings will be organised in connection with the project.Energy surveys and energy auditing also will be held. Energy auditing will be conducted with the help of students in engineering colleges in the district.Special awareness programmes will be conducted by using engineering college students for the households the electricity bills are above Rs 5,000 a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14812562", "title": "Women suicides rise, cops step in", "text": "MADURAI: The suicide of a woman in Madurai on Sunday allegedly due to a persisting stomach pain has led to the police making an alarming discovery that 186 women have committed suicide in the city in the last seven months. Interestingly, of these, 35 cases have been reportedly due to stomach pain alone. Police, however, say that most of these cases are actually not due to stomach pain, but family members of the victims often request them to close the files by citing this reason, to avoid embarrassment.Probing the recent records of suicides of women in Madurai district, superintendent of police V Balakrishnan found that 292 women had committed suicide in 2011 and 69 of the deaths were stated to be suicides due to stomach pain. This year, an alarming 186 women had committed suicide in the district so far, of which 35 died due to stomach pain.Balakrishnan said there were four reasons for family members of the deceased closing suicide cases citing stomach pain as the reason. \"One of the reasons is because they do not want their family name to be dragged into any unwanted controversy, while the second is where the woman tries to stage a suicide to scare or threaten their husbands, but succumbs to the bid. The third instance is where the parents of the victim prefer an early closure to the case without disclosing the real reason of the death to protect the children of the dead woman, while the final reason is the alleged stomach pain itself, which might be true,\" Balakrishnan said.The SP also ordered a probe into the claim by the mother of a teenager Sugirtha (19) who committed suicide on July 8. Veerathal (43) of Kalungapatti in Thiruvadhavoor had in her police complaint stated that her daughter had died of persisting stomach pain. The case was registered under Section 174 of the IPC for unnatural death.However, with healthcare in the state being good with public health centres equipped for dealing with problems like stomach pain, women should seek medication without taking such drastic steps, he said.Meanwhile, in an effort to curb the increase in the number of suicides, Balakrishnan has appealed to those women in trouble to call the toll-free helpline number 1091 instead of resorting to any drastic step. \"When in trouble, women who are contemplating suicide should call the toll free number 1091, where police personnel will help them overcome the problem and deal with it,\" Balakrishnan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813891", "title": "Volunteers conduct first tree census", "text": "NEW DELHI: It took an entire year but residents of Sarvodaya Enclave in south Delhi finally know more than 90% of the trees planted in the colony; their location, species, height, girth and condition. This is thanks to a group of some 20 concerned citizens living across Delhi, who came together to carry out a tree census in the colony since many of them seemed to be disappearing under a relentless bout of construction.\"There are more than 750 trees along the roads inside the colony and another 300 or so inside parks. Of these, less than 50 are on the main road and hence it is essential to know how many trees we are losing inside colonies that are completely unaccounted for. In the past year, we managed to number 683 trees as some people did not allow us inside their homes but now we have a pretty good idea of which tree, in what condition, can be found in what part of the colony. In fact, while the census was on we saw a few trees disappear,\" said a resident.Padmavati Dwivedi, another resident who was part of the census, said that an influx of builders and large-scale construction in the colony with no care taken of trees along the compounds is the biggest threat to the green cover. \"This census can be replicated by all resident welfare associations in their localities and the data can be made available to the forest department and RWA office to protect existing trees and plan for future plantations,\" she said.Some children also accompanied their parents as they set out for the census. A Class VI student of Mothers International, Udbhav Bharadwaj, went along with his mother and thoroughly enjoyed the data collection. \"I spent three to four days with the elders and learnt a lot about trees. Many had nails hammered into them and we pulled the nails out,\" he said.Udbhav's mother Preeti, a yoga instructor at Aurobindo Ashram, said it was necessary for all RWAs to take up the exercise. \"We live in Gulmohar Park and will take up the exercise there as well. The only problem is that we need volunteers, the shortage of which took us one year to finish the project in Sarvodaya. The biggest problem for most trees right now is the cementing around them. Either on pavements or outside homes, they are completely locked in by concrete,\" she said.While the data is still to be submitted to the forest department, officials said that the survey was most helpful, especially since the department does not have sufficient staff to undertake such extensive work. \"It definitely makes things easier for us if residents are vigilant and helps us stop illegal tree felling,\" said a government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14815233", "title": "Calicut University's credibility at stake overseas", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Calicut University's (CU) growing footprints in the Middle East may be buried in sand if due diligence is not applied. The university is planning eight new counseling centres, seven of them in the UAE, and one in Kuwait . Academicians point out that overseas off-campus centres lack qualified personnel to run the show and copying is a major worry during examinations.Recently off-campus centres of Mahatma Gandhi University and IGNOU were shut down by the UAE government for engaging in fraudulent practices and failing to meet academic standards and CU's counseling centres could suffer a similar fate.Dr. T K Narayanan, former registrar, CU, said: \"There is no monitoring of quality once the centres are approved. The previous syndicate had decided to scrap B.Com degree examinations held in two Gulf centres when it was found out during evaluation that there was mass copying of answer sheets. The practice of syndicate members receiving the hospitality of the centres during inspection trips is against basic academic propriety.\"The varsity already has nine such centres in the Gulf region catering to a large Malayali diaspora. Around 8,00 students are currently enrolled in these centres. Last year, CU earned over Rs 3 crore as fee from overseas centres and this should explain the eagerness of the CU School of Distance Education to start more such centres.Overseas centres are charging admission fee of Rs 2 lakh for BA, BCom and BBA degree courses for a single year.CU syndicate members do inspect facilities at these centres but these trips are sponsored by the management of the centres, raising questions on the assessment process. So far six syndicate members have undertaken evaluation trips and three are set to go next week.Dr. Mohammedunni Alias Mustafa M N, Director, CU School of Distance Education, confirmed that managements of overseas centres handle the travel and accommodation during the inspection trips. \"We are continuing with the practice of asking the institutions to bear the cost of inspections,\" he said. Mohammedunni justified the need for new centres since they would cater to the educational needs of the expatriate community who cannot afford the cost of higher education there. He said the varsity is planning to introduce web-based technologies to monitor examinations held in such centres.Overseas centres often appoint locally sourced staff as invigilators while conducting the university examinations and this is violation of the labour laws in the Middle East.An Indian consulate official in the Gulf said the consulate comes to know about the tie-up by universities only when something goes wrong and students approach it. \"The Knowledge and Human Development Authority (KHDA), the government body responsible for overseeing higher education in Dubai , insists that the parent university should have demonstrable involvement in the academic activities which is not the case in many of the centres. Often universities fail to take into confidence the embassy officials before granting licences to new centres,\" he said.S Prasad, secretary of the Social and Community Welfare Committee of Sevanam, an expatriate forum in UAE, said many centres of varsities from Kerala don't have proper teaching faculty and there is no quality control by parent universities. \"The move by CU to open new centres would create problems if adequate steps are not put in place for proper monitoring,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14817856", "title": "Minor raped by brother-in-law", "text": "KANPUR: A minor girl, who had come to stay at her elder sister's place in Chakeri area of the city, was drugged and raped by her brother-in-law.An FIR has been registered against Nishant alias Neetu, a resident of Kailash nagar, for raping a 14-year-old girl. Police arrested the accused on Tuesday.The complaint was registered by victim's mother, a resident of Gangaganj DUDA colony.The girl told the police that the accused first raped her on June 28 and then on June 30 when she was alone. She alleged that before raping, Nishant made her forcibly drink some soft drink laced with sedative, following which she fell unconscious.\"The accused had threatened the girl to kill her if told anyone about the incident,\" SHO, Chakeri said.Out of fear, the victim didn't tell her family member about the incident for some days.The two week-old incident came to light, when her mother learnt about it and approached the Chakeri police. Girl's medical examination has proved that she was sexually assaulted, police said, adding that the victim had come to look after accused wife, who had given birth to a baby child recently.TheftA major theft was reported on late Monday night at the computer shop in Kakadeo area.The investigating cops, however, initially dismissed it as a small incident but the victim estimated the loss to be of worth Rs 5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14817525", "title": "NRL contributes 20 lakhs to CM's relief fund", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Numaligarh Refinery Limited has contributed Rs 20 lakh to the chief minister's relief fund to help the victims of the devastating floods that has gripped the state this year.The cheque was formally handed over to CM Tarun Gogoi by the MD of NRL, Dipak Chakravarty in Guwahati on Monday in presence of the state principal secretary (finance), HS Das, NRL director (finance) Nilmoni Bhakta, NRL director (technical) SR Medhi and senior officials of NRL. Like previous years, the company has come forward to financially help the state government take up various welfare works and relief operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813172", "title": "Corporation to relay 1,084 roads with concrete", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai on Tuesday identified 1,084 interior roads in the city extending up to 181km to be re-laid with concrete cement at an estimated cost of 80 crore.Corporation officials convened a meeting with representatives of telecom officials. \"We will conduct a similar meeting with TNEB and Metrowater on Wednesday. Once the roads are laid, no digging will be permitted,\" an official said.Of the 15 zones, Tiruvottiyur (161 roads), Ambattur (120), Manali (102), Perungudi (96) and Valsaravakkam (90) got the lion's share, while Thiru-Vi-Ka Nagar (21 roads), Teynampet (24), Kodambakkam (40), Madhavaram (42) and Anna Nagar (45) got the least. Of the rest, Tondiarpet got 80, Royapuram 87, Alandur 47, Adyar 60 and Sholinganallur 69. While 967 roads would be less than 6m wide, the width of 110 roads would range from 6m to 10m. Others, including Ellaya Street in Tondiarpet, Annai Pillai Street off Wall Tax Road, 12th &amp; 13th Main Roads in Anna Nagar, South Mada Street in Mylapore, Panchayat Office Road in Sholinganallur will be more than 10 m wide.Officials said the new roads would last about two decades without maintenance. \"One km of a conventional road would need 170 tonnes of bitumen, while a concrete road of the same distance would need 900 tonnes of cement,\" said a senior official. Recently, the corporation laid concrete on one side of a portion of Velachery Main Road on an experimental basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814095", "title": "Birth centenary of Brigadier Usman celebrated", "text": "LUCKNOW: The birth centenary of Brigadier Mohd Usman, Maha Vir Chakra was celebrated with fanfare in UP Sainik School on Tuesday.On the occasion, the Para motor team 'Pushpak' led by Captain Bikesh Chauhan performed a fly-past. A sky-diving demo also took place. To mark the moment, a film 'Naushere Ka Sher' on Brig Usman, MVC was also presented. The function was presided over by Lt Gen AK Misra, AVSM, Chief of Staff (COS) Central Command. Here, Lt Gen Anil Misra also felicitated family members of Brigadier Mohd Usman.The event was attended by Lt Gen Vinod Bhatia, AVSM, SM, DG Infantry, Colonel of the Parachute Regiment, Commander of 50 (I) Para Brigade, officiating principal, UP Sainik School including senior army officers of Headquarters Central Command. A large number of school children and cadets were also present.Born on July 15, 1912 in Azamgarh, Brig Mohammed Usman, MVC always dreamt to be an army officer. He was educated at Harish Chandra Bhai School in Varanasi. He then joined Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst from where he was commissioned to Baluch Regiment. When the Baluch Regiment was allotted to Pakistan, Brig Usman was transferred to the Dogra Regiment. At the time of Indo-Pak War of 1947- 48, Brig Usman, Commander of 77 Para Brigade was side stepped to command 50 Para Brigade and was deployed at Jhangar in December 1947.When Jhangar was wrested by the Pakistanis on December 25, 1947, Brig Usman vowed not to sleep on a charpoy (cot) till he recaptured it. His fiery leadership resulted in a major defeat of the enemy at and around Naushera with 2,000 casualties (about 1,000 dead and 1,000 wounded).Liberation of Jhangar emerged out to be his obsession. After a month's planning, he was able to put into motion his operation to free Jhangar, and on March 18, the Para Brigade achieved its objective. Jhangar was once again in Indian hands. But here, Brig Usman lost his life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14813028", "title": "Jayendra fights his way ahead in Maharashtra state badminton", "text": "AURANGABAD: Down by a game and struggling in the second, Jayendra Dhole needed some inspiration. The Nagpur player was surprised when he saw a couple of friends cheering for him vociferously from the stands.That certainly helped adrenaline flow in him as he went on to win his second round match on the opening day of the First Maharashtra State Senior Ranking Badminton tournament at the Divisional Sports Complex on Tuesday.Dhole rallied back strongly to beat Narendra Patil of Pune 18-21, 21-16, 21-16 and quickly acknowledged the support of his friends. \"They are from Nagpur but now settled in Aurangabad. They came to see my match,\" said Dhole.The first day witnessed no upsets as all the seeded players booked their respective places in the third round. Some of them got byes, while rest competed formalities quite easily.Top four seeds in the men's singles - Sagar Chopda, Subhankar Dey, Mayank Gole and Harshad Bhagwat - warmed up for the big battles ahead with easy wins on Tuesday. Reigning Nagpur district champion Tom Thomas made some unforced errors but won his second round match comfortably against Tahsin Khan of Pune.In women's section, state champion and top seed Anuradha Shrikhande toyed with local girl Aditi Bhandari to sail into the third round. Riya Pillai - who came here late after representing India in the Junior Asian Badminton Championship, which concluded in Korea on Sunday\u2014too entered the women's singles third round overcoming Poonam Mishra in straight games.The matches of all the three doubles categories will commence on Wednesday.Earlier, the tournament was inaugurated by commissioner of police, Sanjay Kumar . ADBA president Shirish Bopalkar and secretary Siddharth Patil were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812692", "title": "Accused of theft, student commits suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: An 18-year-old polytechnic student committed suicide by hanging at the college hostel in Ramanthapur on Tuesday after he was accused of stealing.The victim, Lakshminarayana, of Amminabad in Kodad mandal was a student of Jawaharlal Nehru Polytechnic College in Ramanthapur. On Tuesday afternoon, his friends found him hanging from the ceiling fan in the hostel room near the college.According to Uppal police, Lakshminarayana had recently gone to Sri Sai Men's hostel in Ramanthapur where some of his friends were staying and returned to his room after spending sometime there. The next day, a private employee, Rajesh, who stays in the hostel, said that his iPod was missing and Lakshminarayana was suspected for the theft.On Monday, Rajesh went to Lakshminarayana's hostel and called up latter's father Nageswar Rao to complain about his son. Nageswar Rao told the youngster that he would reach the city on Tuesday and settle the issue.On Tuesday morning, Lakshminarayana went to college at 9am and returned to the hostel within 30 minutes. The teenager then locked the room from inside and hanged himself from the ceiling fan with a lungi\"We suspect that Lakshminarayana might have been upset about the entire issue and ended his life,\" Uppal inspector Lakshmikantha Reddy said.There was no suicide note and police booked a case under Section 174 (Suspicious death) of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14814754", "title": "Mortuary to be shifted to rear of hospital complex", "text": "COIMBATORE: A minor alteration is likely to be introduced in the proposal for the construction of a new building as the location of the mortuary building is likely to be shifted to the rear of the hospital complex. At present, the mortuary is situated adjacent to the main entrance of the complex. City mayor SM Velusamy suggested to state health minister Dr Vs Vijay to make some alterations and ensure that the mortuary is shifted from the present location to where the RMO quarters is located as per the existing plan.The minister also held discussions with senior hospital authorities including the dean R Vimala about the plans after he conducted an inspection of the hospital complex.\"As per the initial plan for constructing a new hospital building, the mortuary was to be shifted out from the main entrance but later it was shelved. Now the minister has indicated that mortuary will be shifted to the rear of the main hospital complex,\" said a senior doctor at the hospital.The mortuary at the medical college hospital was poorly maintained and some of the bodies were rotting without ice box facilities to preserve them. All major accident and critical case victims from the entire western belt are brought to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14816907", "title": "Kareena chooses Punit over Bhansali", "text": "She has alloted dates to KJo's protege, which were earlier given to BhansaliKareena Kapoor recently claimed that she walked out of Sanjay Leela Bhansali's ambitious Romeo Juliet romance titled Ram Leela due to monetary issues. And now, we learnt that the actress has taken little time to reallocate the dates earlier given to the Guzaarish director. Bebo has signed Punit Malhotra's next with Imran Khan.Regarding the Bhansali-Kareena fiasco, the actress' business manager Zahid had said, \"We thought it was better to do three films in 150 days than just get stuck with one.\" Also, the actress had revealed that she had signed a couple of big banner projects. We learnt that the Karan Johar production is one of them.A source close to Karan revealed, \"She has given preference to Punit's film simply because of Karan. Karan, Punit and Kareena met at the Dharma Productions office in Khar recently. By the end of the lengthy discussion, Karan prevailed upon her and Kareena was convinced about the project.\"Earlier, despite reports of Sonam Kapoor being a part of Punit's second film after I Hate Luv Storys, we had found out that Parineeti Chopra had been zeroed in for the role. But things surely have changed since then.As things stand today, Kareena and Imran will come together for the second time for the Dharma banner. Earlier this year, the actors were seen together ion Shakun Batra's Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812516", "title": "Cherlapally murder report submitted", "text": "HYDERABAD: The enquiry report on the murder that took place at Central Prison, Cherlapally, was submitted to the director general of the prisons department T P Das by DIG (Rayalaseema) G Jayavardhan on Tuesday.It may be recalled that prisoner Dasari Narasimha, 34, went on a stabbing spree in the jail on July 5 and killed inmate Venkataiah. Four others were also injured in the incident. The prisons department immediately suspended two warders for dereliction of duty. An enquiry on the incident was ordered by Jayavardhan and the lapses that led to that.Sources said action would be taken based on the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14814570", "title": "Kumbh mela Administrative issues delay event's planning", "text": "NASHIK: Two months after deciding to engage Ernst &amp; Young as consultants to work out a development plan for the Nashik region in light of the forthcoming Kumbh mela that is scheduled in 2015, the district collectorate has still not signed an agreement with the company. A situation which is likely to delay preparations for the Kumbh.Out of the three that agencies shortlisted, the collectorate finalized Ernst &amp; Young - out of the three that were shortlisted - early in May this year based on the depth of its presentation, its capacity and world-wide presence. The project is valued at nearly Rs 1.49 crore.While sources from the collectorate said that the new collector taking over the charge reviewed the entire project and suggested changes, the collectorate is now also holding dialogue with the town planning department to ensure that there are eno repetitions within two development projects being planned by the department as well as the external agency.When asked about how and why the town planning department would step into into the picture at this point of the event's planning and development, time and also was it not the responsibility of the agency to coordinate and consider existing blue print of every department concerned, the concerned officer simply said that the administration was only aiming at going fool-proof into the project.\"Since Nashik will host the Kumbh Mela in 2015 the administration is planning for a synerigistic development model of the district in a way that all the religious areas in the district would be linked to for religious tourism, \" the official said.There were a number of other reasons cited as reasons for the delay in the project's planning. \"First, the model code of conduct - announced periodically from time-to-time on account of consecutive elections laid constraints on outlining the project.Furthermore, the transfers of several senior officials also delayed the signing of the agreement,\" the official from the collectorate said, adding that it was just a matter of a few days before the agreement was inked.The official however said that the immediate Kumbh mela plan (expected in October 12) could be delayed at the most by 15 days only but the larger plan termed as the 'Greater Nashik' plan, which will go look at defining and planning the development of the area within a 40 kms of radius of the city, would take some more time - till January 2013.While the agency was finalized in the beginning of May 2012, agreement was not inked as yet.When current collector Vilas Patil replaced P Velrasu, he too wanted additional time to go through the project presented, to reveiew it in terms of expectations and planning. Patil also made a few suggestions which are to be incorporated and the agency was verbally informed about the same.The important aspects that the consultancy firm is expected to focus on are the development of the villages around Nashik, beautification of the Godavari, provision of basic amenities for residential purposes, sewage treatment, creating a platform for interaction with various government departments, such as the police, the railways and the state road transport corporation.The consultants are expected to present the development plan within nine months of the official agreement date but this has not been inked yet. at the cost of Rs 1.5 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14815141", "title": "Kerala police to quiz US-based antique smuggler", "text": "KOCHI: US-based Indian antique dealer Subhash Kapoor, who is being extradited to the country from Germany, will be questioned by the Kerala police in connection with the theft of three-year-old robbery of the emerald idol of Lord Shiva from Sringeri Mutt in Kalady.Kapoor is wanted in many other thefts of ancient idols from temples in the country. The UP-born US citizen runs a gallery in New York .A team of police officials led by Perumbavoor DySP, who is also part of the Special Investigation Support Team (SIST), will go to Chennai in the coming days to question Kapoor, who is being brought to Chennai by the Tamil Nadu police with the help of Interpol.Kapoor is in a prison in Cologne after he was detained at Frankfurt on October 30, 2011 based on an Interpol red corner notice. The Tamil Nadu police was on his trail after they found his role in the robbery of several idols from temples in Tamil Nadu. A police team from Tamil Nadu has gone to Germany to bring him to Chennai.\"A team led by Perumbavoor DySP will coordinate with the Tamil Nadu police once Subhash Kapoor is brought to Chennai. The team will interrogate him in connection with the theft of the emerald idol from Kalady and other idols from the temples in the state,\" said superintendent P N Unnirajan, who is a lead member of the SIST, which was earlier called the Temple Theft Investigation of Special Team (TTIST).The Kerala police are expecting to make a breakthrough in the idol theft cases in the state by collecting details from Kapoor, whom according to the police have used his point man Sanjivi Asokan to rob idols from temples in Kerala. \"SIST has already questioned Sanjivi Asokan, but could not extract finer details from him that could enable the police to get leads into the theft of the emerald idol,\" police sources said.Kapoor is in a prison in Cologne after he was detained at Frankfurt on October 30, 2011 based on an Interpol red corner notice. The Tamil Nadu police was on his trail after they found his role in the robbery of several idols from temples in Tamil Nadu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14815108", "title": "Capital develops a taste for stately fare", "text": "Think Bihari cuisine and chances are your mind draws a complete blank. Take it a step further to \"gourmet\" Bihari, and you're stumped. It's no secret that regional food in Delhi has been an esoteric fare. But the apathy towards it is now giving way to an avid curiosity, as people explore a variety of cuisines.Puja Sahu, who co-owns the city's first and only Bihari restaurant, The Pot Belly Rooftop Cafe, says their clientele has broadened to include not only homesick Biharis, but also foreigners and Delhi locals. \"There seems to be a food revolution with everybody demanding something new,\" says Sahu, who comes from a \"family of foodies\" in Muzaffarpur, Bihar.The former fashion designer, who rented the fourth-floor space in Shahpur Jat, admits she was apprehensive about serving traditional Bihari food because of the ineluctable stereotypes.\"Ultimately, I decided to serve the food I know best. These are dishes I've grown up eating,\" she says. The menu has some exceptions\u2014Phish Phingers and litti chokha meet mirchi Maggi\u2014but they're prepared keeping in mind the Bihari style of cooking, adds Sahu.The oil and starch emblematic of Bihari cuisine may not fit in with everybody's regimen, but that doesn't keep the health conscious from experimenting. With myriad options from practically every state\u2014from takeaways to modest eateries to mainstream restaurants\u2014there's something for every palate. And the quest for healthy restaurant meals will be incomplete without fishcentric coastal cuisine. \"New customers comprise about 40% of my clientele,\" says Devjyoti Roy, owner, City of Joy, which serves authentic Bengali cuisine.At the Goan restaurant, Bernardo's, the menu doesn't offer the typical shack food one might expect. \"It's the food we eat at home,\" says Crescentia Fernandes, who runs the eatery with her husband, Chrys. She trains the chefs; grinds the masalas; makes Goan sausages and the traditional layered cake, Bebinca, from scratch; and the recipes, too, come from her relatives. She even learnt to cook from her father-in-law, after whom they've named the restaurant. Paparee Bezbaruah, who owns Assamese restaurant Jakoi, takes pride in the simplicity of the cuisine, while her customers set store by the healthy food. \"Initially we just got embassy people, but now we have a mixed crowd, including a lot of Bengalis and Punjabis. Assamese food is light and fish-centric,\" says Bezbaruah.The experience at Jakoi is as authentic as it can get. They source several ingredients from Assam\u2014fish like maser and koroi, plantain flowers, and wood apple and star fruit juice\u2014and the entire staff is Assamese, too. \"Depending on the season, we make dishes like jasmine flower pakodas and pumpkin flower fritters. We also serve a dessert made of puffed rice we get from Sivasagar in north Assam, and a specialty called khar made from papaya and lentils,\" she says. Bezbaruah insists the cuisine of northeastern states cannot be lumped together, as each has a distinct flavour.A visit to Nagaland Kitchen, where the food is spicy and pork-dominated, bears out these differences. \"When we opened the restaurant a year ago, just 10% of our customers were Delhi locals, while the rest were from the northeast. Now we see both in equal numbers,\" says Willial Massey, general manager. The menu at Yeti-The Himalayan Kitchen is eclectic, and though the food is famed for its homeliness\u2014hearty soups, steamed momos, and flavourful curries\u2014it's probably one of the few places for the truly adventurous. \"Our menu is heavy on parts of meat like tongue, lungs, and intestines,\" says owner Ardahun Pinky Passah. But the city seems ready for it as north Indians make up most of her clientele.While meat-centric Mughlai food\u2014kebabs, rich gravies, and lots of spices\u2014is ubiquitous in the city, its regional counterpart, Kashmiri cuisine, is also catching up. What was usually limited to rogan josh in an otherwise north Indian menu is now a thriving cuisine. Shafi, who runs the nearly three-decadeold Kashmiri takeaway, Ahad Sons, says they now cater Wazwaan (traditional Kashmiri feast) for small parties, highprofile weddings, events, and even fivestar chains.\"Kashmiri food uses ingredients that appeal to different people. It is rice-centric, so Bengalis enjoy it, and the meat dishes draw Punjabis,\" says Prateek Sinha, general manager, Chor Bizarre, the city's first Kashmiri restaurant. \"Each dish is prepared with a lot of attention. For rista and gostaba, fresh meat is ground for several hours until it is very tender, and spices like garlic, coriander, mint, and pran (Kashmiri onion) are sourced from Kashmir. Even the chefs here are khandani wazas,\" says Samir Khan, who opened Dhankuth in 2010.Nothing confirms that epicures in the city want a little bit of everything more than the success of pure vegetarian Rajasthani and Gujarati fare. \"There has been a definite increase in our clientele since we opened in 2007,\" says Aji Nair, vice-president, Mirah Hospitality, which operates the Rajdhani Express chain of restaurants. Affirming this growth is the five branches they now run in the NCR, each of which serves thalis with dishes of both cuisines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14813104", "title": "Tatkal system derails again, passengers affected", "text": "JAIPUR: Railways promised to facilitate passengers availing Tatkal tickets from Tuesday onwards and disallowed the agents to book tickets from 10 am to 12 pm; however, the new system also deprived many passengers of booking their tickets due to discrepancies and mismanagement.Since authorities have not allotted a separate counter for the Tatkal bookings, the passengers seeking these tickets and other who wanted advance reservation created a lot of problems at the reservation counter situated at Jhotwara, Jaipur railway station and Gandhi Nagar.\"Those availing reservation for their journeys almost 2 to 3 months in advance were standing in queues since 8 am. When I came to book the tatkal tickets the queues were very long. By the time I reached the counter, the tatkal tickets of the train I needed were exhausted,\" Nikunj Sarna, a software engineer who was booking a Tatkal ticket for Jammu told TOI on Tuesday.Though the railways have taken a good step by disallowing travel agents from booking tickets under the Tatkal scheme from 10 am to 12 pm, but they should also have made separate arrangements for the passengers availing Tatkal tickets.Many passengers also said that July is a season when schools open and many trains run vacant, but in the coming months with festivals like Durga Puja, when passengers seeking regular reservations via Tatkal would be in the same queue, lots of problems would occur.\"If they want some improvement they should start railway bookings from 10 am onwards. By the time people seeking Tatkal tickets reached the reservation counters, the tickets were exhausted,\" said Nikita Sundaram, who came to book Tatkal ticket to Mumbai.However, the authorities of north-western railways were tight-lipped as a senior officer from the commercial division, said, \"It is been introduced by the ministry of railways. We can just ensure its compliance, loopholes, if any, are to be plugged only the ministry of railways only.\"Meanwhile there were some happy faces took.\"Usually I find that getting a ticket through this scheme is difficult, but on Tuesday I could easily got my ticket,\" said Kalyan Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14817231", "title": "Manipur in touch with Nagaland to end NH stir, says Gaikhangam", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur home minister Gaikhangam on Tuesday said the government is in touch with its Nagaland counterpart to resolve the ongoing bandh imposed on National Highway 2 (Imphal-Dimapur route) by the Southern Angami Youth Organization (SAYO).Denouncing the recent hijacking of a mini-truck from Kohima by four miscreants from Manipur, SAYO has imposed the bandh on the highway in Nagaland since Friday evening, forcing a large number of passenger buses and goods trucks to remain stranded at Lalmati in Assam and Mao Gate in Manipur.On June 21, the four culprits, who came in a car, hired the truck from Kohima to move to Manipur and on reaching Tadubi in Manipur's Senapati district, the four drugged the driver and his friend. As the two fell unconscious, they dumped them on the roadside and drove the mini-truck towards Imphal.Responding to a motion raised by legislator L Ibomcha Singh of the opposition NCP in the ongoing assembly, Gaikhangam said following an FIR registered by Mao Police Station, the owner of the car in which the four hijackers travelled has been seized from his Wangoi residence in Imphal West.Subsequently, the hijacked mini-truck has also been seized by police, the home minister said. He added that upon such development, 25 stranded trucks had crossed Mao towards Imphal , while 9 proceeded towards Nagaland from Manipur on Tuesday morning.Gaikhangam, nevertheless, told the house that the bandh has been reimposed by the agitators. He said the government officials concerned, including police and the district administration, are in touch with their Nagaland counterparts to bring about a solution to the stir to ensure free movement of vehicles along NH-2.While raising the motion, Ibomcha emphasized the need to hold talks at the chief minister and home minister level so that the agitators withdraw the bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813854", "title": "Accused tampered with evidence: CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Most of the fingerprints taken from the Talwar house after the Aarushi-Hemraj double murder were smudged as they had been tampered with, Noida police photographer Chunni Lal Gautam told the court hearing the case, on Tuesday.Gautam, a CBI witness, explained: \"When a person wears gloves or uses a cloth to touch objects, fingerprints are not clear\". Of the 24 prints lifted from the site, 22 were found unclear.As Gautam's cross-examination ended on Tuesday, CBI clarified that he had been unable to tally all the negatives with the submitted photographs because of their small size. The accused, doctors Rajesh and Nupur Talwar, had earlier argued that there were discrepancies between the negatives and photographs produced in court.In its reply to the Talwars' application on Tuesday, CBI told the court that the defence team had inspected the file and material exhibits, including photographs and negatives.A CBI counsel said, \"We received these negatives and photographs from UP Police. It was the accused who earlier tampered with the evidence\". The Talwars' lawyers asked Gautam why he did not lift fingerprints from the terrace, where Hemraj's body was found. He replied: \"There was a crowd on the terrace due to which fingerprints lost relevance\".CBI also produced the pajama Aarushi wore on the night of murder. Gautam said he saw that the pajama was lowered and its drawstrings were loose. But the defence objected, saying the pajama was elastic and did not have drawstrings.The case will be heard again on July 18. CBI may present its star witness, Dr Sunil Dohre, that day, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814125", "title": "EC rejects Sangma's plea against Pranab", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission on Tuesday rejected the petition against UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee's nomination saying it was \"not maintainable\".On behalf of opposition-back presidential nominee P A Sangma , a complaint was sent to the EC on July 9 against the returning officer's decision to accept Mukherjee's nomination papers. The petition was signed jointly by Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy , advocate Satya Pal Jain and BJD MP and Sangma's election agent Bhartruhari Mahtab.Citing Article 71 (1) of the Constitution, the EC said \"all doubts and disputes arising out of or in connection with an election to the office of the president shall be inquired into and decided by the Hon'ble Supreme Court\".Agency reports quoted Jain as saying, \"The EC has not rejected our petition on merits. It has decided on the basis of jurisdiction.\" Sangma's legal team will meet on Wednesday at his house and the campaign committee will meet a day after to decide on the next course of action, he said.Earlier, RO V K Agnihotri had said he was convinced Mukherjee quit as Indian Statistical Institute chairman on June 20. BJP alleged Mukherjee's signature on his resignation letter was fabricated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814401", "title": "Railways to amend Act to hand out stricter punishment to touts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hoping stringent punishment will help curb rampant sale of train tickets at exorbitant prices which creates artificial scarcity throughout the year, railways is considering making touts' activities a non-bailable offence by amending the Railways Act. The state-run transporter also plans to introduce deterrent punishment to stop illegal activities of touts and middlemen.Now, it is the discretion of the magistrate to decide whether a tout be slapped with bailable or non-bailable offence under the Railways Act.Rail authorities feel the punishment under Section 143 of the Railways Act \u2014 imprisonment of up to three years or a maximum fine of Rs 10,000 \u2014 is not stringent enough to act as deterrent for touts involved in illegal sale of train tickets. \"If we catch a tout, he is back in business the same day after paying a small amount as fine,\" said an official.\"Railways has carried out around 65,000 surprise checks during 2011-12 in which around 786 touts were caught, but they were set free after paying minor penalty,\" he added.Railways views large scale sale of tickets in counters and huge booking of e-tickets within a brief period and deployment of proxies to buy tickets at counters as the major stumbling blocks to check the corrupt practices. It has taken various steps such as debarring the agents to book tickets during first two hours, installation of CCTVs in all major booking centres to monitor the touts' movements.Besides buying as proxies at ticket counters, there is no way touts can misuse the foolproof Tatkal facility, an official said. The measures such as non-issuance of duplicate Tatkal tickets, non-refund on cancellation of unused Tatkal tickets, prohibiting agents to book Tatkal tickets for first two hours, mandatory attaching of photocopy of ID proof of a passenger for booking of Tatkal tickets and mandatory carrying of the same ID card during the travel are all adequate safety mechanisms that have been formulated to keep touts out of business.For general tickets, it has also been made compulsory for all passengers of AC classes to carry their ID cards, coupled with mentioning their cellphone numbers in application forms that are used to cross-check the passengers' authenticity.While minister of state for railways K H Muniyappa said that these steps have started yielding results, he emphasized that the recent steep hike in fares of the airlines have substantially increased the demand and supply gap for rail tickets, which the authorities are trying their best to reduce through various measures.The minister said that every day around 15 lakh tickets are being sold through counters and IRCTC website, out of which Tatkal tickets account for around 1.70 lakh. He added that the steps are being taken to ramp up e-ticket handling capacity and the present strength of 3.5 lakh bookings will be increased to around 5 lakh per day within four months, and eventually eight lakh booking daily in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14817184", "title": "Early closure of Puri Jagannath temple sparks row", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has sought a report from the Jagannath temple administration about the circumstances leading to the untimely closure of the shrine's door on Monday.The sanctum sanctorum as well as the main shrine, which remains open till 11 pm to 12 am everyday, became out of bounds as the door was shut between 7.45 pm and 8 pm, much to the chagrin of hundreds of devotees, who were forced to return from the entrance.\"I have directed the temple administration to find out as to why the temple was closed before the scheduled time, causing hardship to pilgrims,\" said state law minister Bikram Arukh.Senior bureaucrat and chief administrator of Jagannath temple administration Arvind Padhee said action would be taken against those (priests or shrine staff) involved in the early closure of the temple. \"Even if the priests completed all the rituals on time, they should not have closed the temple so early as it was only around 8 pm. Hundreds of devotees were waiting to catch a glimpse of the deities,\" Padhee told TOI. \"We have clear guidelines that the temple should be closed between 11 pm to 12 am. Today I have strictly instructed priests and temple staff to abide by the rule,\" he added.Monday's incident was a surprise as the temple has never witnessed timely completion of rituals in living memory.There were occasions in the past when the deities had to remain hungry for several hours due to delay in rituals. Around 22 types of complex rituals are performed at Jagannath temple daily. The routine rituals begin around 5.30 am as per the daily schedule.Last week, the temple administration had set certain conditions to priests to facilitate timely solemnization of rituals and smooth darshan of devotees. \"Proponing of rituals is not desirable at the cost of public darshan. Priests have violated the condition,\" Padhee pointed out.The temple administration has decided to allot more time to devotees to have a darshan of the deities in the sanctum sanctorum during sahanmela (one hour in the morning) every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14815092", "title": "'Fantasies of a sweeper boy' for Kochi kids", "text": "KOCHI: This Friday night is dedicated to kids. In an attempt to bring more children to the stage, the Jose Thomas Performing Arts Centre (JTPac) will host playwright Nayantara Roy's 'Kachra Tales', directed by Jaimini Pathak.Working Title, the theatre group organizing the play, is a drama company based out of Mumbai focusing on alternative, offbeat works. It's credited as a group focusing on theatre in education, young adults and corporates. This will be the maiden performance of this group in Kerala.Anand Ramprasad, one of the organizers at Working Title, believes that theatre for kids doesn't need to be preachy or escapist. \"Children are either 'talked down' to or encouraged to explore a fantasy world that has little to do with the times they are growing up in, or the issues they must be made aware of. We believe children's theatre actually requires a higher degree of craft, honesty and commitment from theatre persons. We have as much to learn from kids as they have from us, perhaps even more,\" said Anand.'Kachra Tales' is a play that offers a fantasy-filled, funny theme that gently creates an interactive space for children to find their own causes. It will also employ the use of frequent interactions with the audience as an integral part of the narrative. It's a whimsical story that dances around the fantasies of a sweeper boy, Kachra, played by Amol Parashar, who is infatuated with a screen diva played by Ayesha Nair. Ayesha, actor-playwright based in Mumbai, is a native of Palakkad, and will be performing for the first time in her native state.\"Kids respond best to underlying issues only when their performance thoroughly entertains them. This aspect was well appreciated by the India Foundation for the Arts , which gave us a seeding grant under its 'new and emerging work' category. It's only when the actual stagecraft is memorable that the underlying message is driven home,\" said Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14815306", "title": "Federation backs out of strike", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka State Private School Management Federation (KSPSMF), with 800 member-schools, has given the thumbs down to the proposed strike against RTE from July 16 to 22. The federation had joined the agitation initiated by Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association (KUSMA), which planned to shut down schools against the government's listless approach to resolve issues related to RTE implementation.\"Our main agenda was to meet primary and secondary education minister Visveswara Hegde Kageri and sort out the issues. But the current political scenario is forcing the minister to overlook them. There is no proper government in the first place. Owing to this, we have decided to stay away from the strike and wait till the government gains some stability,\" said D Shashi Kumar, state organizing secretary, KSPSMF. But Kusma, with 1,800 member-schools across the state, will go ahead.\"We have visited 10 districts and met the zonal heads. All member-schools will remain shut from July 16 to July 22,\" said A Mariyappa, secretary, Kusma.While Kusma and KS-PSMF are clear on their stand, Karnataka Federation of Independent School Management (KFISM) and Associated Managements of Primary and Secondary Schools in Karnataka will meet Kageri in a day or two and decide their future course of action.Associated Managements of Primary and Secondary Schools in Karnataka, with 400 member-schools, will hold a meeting on July 12. KFISM has 284 member-schools .Our decision won't change even if other schools withdraw. A Mariyappa, secretary, kusma", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14814438", "title": "Gol Bazar shops' rent hiked by 100 times", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The civic body has finally revised the rents of historic Gol Bazar located in the heart of the town after 100 years. Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) has hiked the rent almost by 100 times of the existing rates for the shops in the old market. CMC started serving notices to shop owners for revised rents from Monday.The over 110-year-old Gol Bazar was built by the erstwhile Chandrapur Municipal Council. The name comes from the spiral arrangement of shops in the market located near Gandhi Chowk. All the shops were built and allotted in the early years of the 20th century on rental basis. There are 498 shops having a total built up area of 36,627sqft. Interestingly, around 70% shop owners have renovated and altered the original structure. While several owners have reconstructed shops, some have even added a floor, without notifying the civic body. Encroachments on pavements have made lanes look narrow.The shop owners were paying the rents fixed 100 years back. The existing rent of shops in market ranges from minimum Rs7.50 to maximum Rs31 per month. CMC gets a revenue of Rs1,06,299 per annum towards rent and taxes paid by 498 shop owners. The civic authority provides amenities like road, street light, and sanitation which cost manifold compared to the earning. Hence, after Chandrapur Municipal Council was converted into corporation, a joint committee of CMC administrator, chief officer and town planner undertook re-evaluation of rents in Gol Bazar in January and made recommendations for the revision of rents according to present ready reckoner.Sources in CMC tax department said that in case of shops having a size of 8X10 feet, the existing yearly rent was Rs212; now it has been hiked to Rs12,000 per annum. A similar rise has been made in the rents of shops of other size. Revised rents have been fixed on the basis of ground floor area (original built up area) of shops. A decision regarding the added floor and encroached area would be taken later. Earlier, as the rents were paltry, the municipal council used to collect it on yearly basis. However, the tax department will take it monthly. The revised rates would come into force from April 1.CMC chief officer Ravindra Deotale confirmed the revision of rents. \"Revision should have been made years back. The shop owners enjoyed the benefit of lesser rents for decades. Now that Chandrapur has become a corporation, the revision was necessary to raise the revenue of civic body,\" he said. He claimed that lease renewal of shops in Gol Bazar is also pending. CMC has forwarded a proposal for awarding permanent lease to shop owners to the government. \"However, it is a complex issue. Several tenants have sold their shops to others. Many have renovated and even added one or more floors to their shops. These matters also need to be settled,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814241", "title": "Government orders probe in Bulandshahr hospital case", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after television news channels showed a sweeper stitching the wounds of a patient, health and family welfare minister Ahmed Hasan inspected the hospital and ordered a probe in the case. \"I have already sent the additional health director to investigate, and will receive the report by this evening. Those found guilty will face action. Laxity will not be tolerated and stern action will be taken against errant staff,\" Hasan told reporters.However, hospital authorities maintained that the staff was \"trained\" to carry out the procedures. Chief Medical Superintendent (CMS) Shishir Kumar said, \"The clip that is being shown on TV, the ward boy in it has even worked in the OT (operation theatre) for 10 years. Apart from that, his duty is in the dressing room as well. He is perfectly trained for dressing purposes.\" He added that it all happened in his supervision.V K Sharma, additional health director, Meerut Zone, who also visited the hospital in the wake of the telecast, also said, \"They (ward boys) were not operating. The man was working as an assistant...He was the OT assistant.\" Sharma said, \"I have suggested to Dr Shishir Kumar (CMS) that in future they should make a proper contingent and only the doctors should carry out stitches or operate on patients...There should be no stitching by other staff.\" tnnMeanwhile, a similar incident was reported from the Ballia district hospital. When asked to comment, officiating chief medical superintendent, Dr PK Singh said that he would inquire the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813957", "title": "HC notice to Sheila on BJP leader\u2019s plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday issued notice to chief minister Sheila Dikshit on BJP leader Vijender Gupta's plea against a trial court order summoning him. Gupta was summoned on the CM's complaint seeking his prosecution for allegedly defaming her.Issuing notice to Dikshit, Justice P K Bhasin sought her reply by August 13 to Gupta's plea for quashing the trial court summon to him on the ground that the entire material, supporting her complaint, was based on hearsay.The court while declining to stay the trial court's summoning order, however, granted Gupta the liberty to seek exemption from personal appearance before the magistrate on July 12, the date fixed for Gupta to appear.Metropolitan magistrate Saumya Chauhan had on June 22 issued fresh summons for July 12 to the Delhi BJP chief after he had failed to appear before the court in response to its earlier summons issued on June 4.The summons were issued against Gupta on Dikshit's allegation that he had used \"uncivilised language\" to defame her before the MCD polls, held on April 15.In his petition to the HC, Gupta sought quashing of the magisterial court's order saying \" allegations made in the complaint and evidence led in support of the complaint did not make out a case of summoning the petitioner as the entire material produced or statement made in support of the complaint was based on hearsay evidence.\"\"The magistrate committed grave error under law by acting on newspaper reports which are only basis of complaint and complainant evidence in support of the complaint...,\" the petitioner said, adding that \"the magistrate had acted in haste .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14813428", "title": "Pure sciences gain popularity in Chandigarh colleges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Takers for science courses, particularly pure sciences including BSc (non-medical) and BSc (medical), have picked up considerably in city colleges.Over 700 applications were received for 160 seats at Post-graduate Government College for Girls in Sector 42. Till last year, the numbers was at par with the number of seats in the college. \"There is a drift towards the pure sciences and number of applications has taken us by surprise. For the same courses, till last year, the applications used to be barely equal to the number of seats in most colleges,\" said Dilip Kumar, zoology faculty, PGGCG in Sector42.At GGDSD College in Sector 32, where the admission rush has been stupendous this time, with over 100 students above 80% marks seeking admission in arts courses, even science course takers are too many. For 50 seats in BSc programme, over 100 applications were received and cut-off has been 75%. Experts added that there was a major shift from the private and peripheral colleges to the sciences in local well-reputed colleges affiliated to Panjab University. \"The number of students taking up non-medical and medical in the last few years in classes XI and XII has been very high. Students have been turned back, disappointed, from private engineering colleges who were charging high fee and did not provide any placement. Hence, the drift towards pure sciences,\" says Kumar.PGCGG in Sector 42, on the spot admissions for sciences was done away with. \"The admissions for pure sciences have been very good this year,\" said Alka Kansra, dean admissions, MCM DAV College for Women in Sec 36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14814879", "title": "Discourse by Swami Parthasarathy", "text": "PUNE: Vedanta expert Swami Parthasarathy will deliver a lecture on &quot;Vedanta: the Manual of Life&quot; in the city on July 13 on the occasion of Gurupurnima. A book titled 'The Complete Works of Swami Parthasarathy' will be released during this event to be held at Balgandharva Rangmandir from 6.30 pm to 8 pm. The book comprises spiritual literature structured for all, regardless of race or religion.This work, comprising 2,532 pages, is a product of over six decades of study and research. Vedanta is the ancient Indian philosophy, which presents the eternal principles of life and living.It programmes a life of mental peace combined with dynamic action in the world by equipping one with a clear intellect to deal with the challenges of life. This philosophy leads one to the ultimate goal of human perfection. Swami Parthasarathy's contribution has been to infuse wisdom into modern life for peaceful and productive living. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812777", "title": "Only some battles won on security front", "text": "MUMBAI: Any questions about a security upgrade draw cynical shrugs at Zaveri Bazar, which was the target of a terror attack for the third time on July 13, 2011. Yellow signboards proclaiming the area is under CCTV vigilance are everywhere but merchants in the locality are circumspect about their efficacy. \"We had cameras before the July 13 blast, but one year later nobody can say for certain who carried out the attack and when the dead and injured will receive justice, if at all they do,\" says a trader at Third Agiary Lane where the bomb went off.A tool shop owner whose front window was blown off says thefts continue to take place. \"This proves that little has changed on the ground. If petty pilferage carried out by local elements goes undetected we can imagine the fate of more serious crimes,\" he shrugs.Khau Galli has virtually wound up, some say a small price to pay for free access and greater visibility. However, the line of parked two-wheelers that became a vehicle for the blasts in the first place, has slowly begun to resurface. \"For around eight months, the police did not allow any scooters or motorcycles to park here because the bomb went off on one such vehicle,\" said the owner of a tool shop. \"However, over the past three to four months, a certain laxity has set in.\"Businessman Zaki Khambati strikes a fatalistic note saying any fanatic who is willing to die to kill his enemy may ultimately succeed. The sheer throngs that crowd the narrow lanes of Zaveri Bazar indeed make policing a difficult task, which is why private individuals have taken on the task of maintaining vigilance in their personal capacity.The Bombay Bullion Association has installed 38 cameras in the locality although officials are reluctant to allow access to the control room where the footage is monitored. Manager Ashwin Derasari says, \"I simply do not allow a vehicle, whether it belongs to a friend, client or employee, to park outside my premises. It is only when citizens start taking a proactive role in managing security in the neighbourhood that we can achieve results. We lock our doors when we leave town and ask neighbours to watch over the flat in our absence, don't we? Similarly, how can we expect the government and the police to do the job of policing millions of citizens unless we lend support from the ground?\"Deputy commissioner of police, Zone II, Nisar Tamboli, says, \"Vigilance has been upgraded, more CCTV cameras have been installed and the hawker menace has reduced. As far as parking goes, we do not allow scooters to park for long, just give them enough time to load and unload their goods.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14815049", "title": "Extra classes for students who fail in board exams", "text": "PUNE: The state's school education department will conduct extra classes for about three lakh students who failed in std X and XII state board examinations this year.The classes would begin in the next two weeks with the sessions to be held before and after school hours in government-run schools. Teachers engaged for the three-month programme will be paid additional remuneration. The focus will mainly be on English, Math and Science, the subjects in which most students fail.\"Students who perform well are appreciated, but those who fail are ignored. It is necessary that these students get special attention so that they cross the most important step in their academic career.Their weaknesses will be monitored and corrected accordingly,\" said R P Aate, deputy secretary of school education department.Over three lakh students failed std X and XII examinations this year with were announced in May and June and it appeared that over three lakh students failed in both the board examinations. \"Most students failed in Math, English and Science and hence, the extra classes will focus on teaching these subjects,\" Aate said.The classes will be held in 125 talukas of 22 districts in the state including Thane, Pune, Dhule, Beed, Nanded, Buldhana, Nashik, Amravati and Raigad among others.\"This is our first experiment to boost the confidence of students who fail in board exams. If it works we will improve this programme next year by holding special classes for them,\" said Aate said. A batch of 25 students will be formed in each school and classes will be conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "14812597", "title": "Engineers suspended on charges of misappropriation", "text": "WARANGAL: Two engineers of Warangal municipal corporation (WMC) were suspended, while another surrendered to the government following charges of misappropriation of WMC funds to the tune of Rs 36 lakh.Executive engineer Bitla Ramaswamy surrendered to the government on Tuesday, while P Kondal Rao and A Shivakumar were suspended by commissioner Vivek Yadav following a report prepared by superintending engineer Sridhar which stated that the three engineers misappropriated the WMC general fund, meant for carrying out repair works in Warangal, Hanamkonda and Kazipet.TDP's Rajya Sabha member Gundu Sudharani brought the matter to the notice of district collector Rahul Bojja at a recent meeting, after which Bojja ordered an enquiry into the swindling of funds by the engineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813443", "title": "Portugal court questions India's locus standi in Salem extradition case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rejecting India's plea, Portugal's top court has questioned its locus standi in challenging the order cancelling extradition of underworld don Abu Salem to India. Portugal had earlier cancelled Salem's extradition.Salem, who is accused in the 1993 Mumbai bomb blasts case which left 250 people dead, was extradited on November 11, 2005 from Portugal where he was arrested in 2002, along with his girlfriend Monica Bedi.CBI sources said while it will examine legal remedies, there is little possibility of Salem being sent back. In its recent order, the Constitutional Court of Portugal said India could not suo motu approach the top court challenging its Supreme Court's order earlier this year.The Portugal Supreme Court had upheld a lower court order cancelling the extradition of Salem for violation of deportation rules by Indian authorities on the grounds that new charges were slapped against him which attracted death penalty. \"The court order is being examined and other available legal options are being explored,\" the CBI spokesperson said in a statement.\"Apart from the ongoing trial in the 1993 Mumbai blasts case, investigated by the CBI, Abu Salem is an accused in several other heinous offences by other law enforcement agencies across the country, which are under various stages of trial,\" it said. The spokesperson said in its legal interpretation of the Salem extradition matter, the Constitutional Court has turned down India's plea to appeal on grounds that it does not have locus standi or legitimacy.India had moved the Constitutional Court and appealed against the order besides annexing the order of February 17, 2011 of Supreme Court of India whereby stay on trial for all fresh cases, which invoked a death penalty or jail for 25 years, was ordered.India had given an executive assurance to Portugal that it would not slap any charge which invoke death penalty to Salem and would not keep him behind bars for more than 25 years, a key requirement in extradition proceedings in Europe. Delhi and Mumbai Police, however, had slapped charges which invoke death penalty against him leaving the government and the CBI red-faced.Later police wanted to withdraw the charges but the courts did not approve of it that led to a protracted legal battle which ended in Supreme Court in September 2010 that rejected the underworld don's plea. Salem had filed a petition in the High Court in Lisbon alleging violation of Rule of Speciality after which a judgement was pronounced on September 19, last year, saying there had been breach of the Indian undertaking given to the Portuguese authorities.The CBI, through the Indian Mission in Lisbon, had countered the plea by claiming that the issue of 'violation of Rule of Speciality' has been examined at length by the Supreme Court of India on similar petitions filed by Salem in India. The Indian Supreme Court had in its order dated September 10, 2010 held that there has been no violation of Rule of Speciality after examining the issues pertaining to it with reference to and in comparison with extradition laws of the UK, the US and Portugal.However, the Portugal Supreme Court rejected the petition and upheld the order of the lower court. Salem was also wanted in various cases including the murder of noted film producer Gulshan Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14817740", "title": "Children\u2019s parliament: Ten-year-old elected for the seat of Speaker", "text": "VARANASI: Ten-year-old Afreen Bharatvanshi, from Bal Janta Party, captured the seat of speaker during the elections of Children's parliament with around 5247 votes in her account. The results of elections for the third tenure of Children's Parliament were declared on Tuesday.Nine candidates from different children's political parties were contesting for the post of speaker during the elections held on July 6. Apart from that, results for six seats of Members of Parliament were also announced. Shubhan, Tauheed, Garima Gupta, Umar Tasleem, Shahnaaz and Ily were elected as MPs from various seats from different areas.It was the third election of the parliament. Prior to this, elections were held in 2008 with around thousand voters. The number increased to 3626 in 2010 and 10,445 in 2012 elections. The tenure of the parliament is two years. On the occasion, all the elected candidates celebrated their victory carrying out a procession at Lallapura area and they also took part in the oath-taking ceremony for their respective positions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817127", "title": "Akshay can talk to aliens", "text": "Nine years ago, in the film Koi Mil Gaya, Rakesh Roshan with the help of a specially designed computer and some musical notes communicated with extra terrestrial beings.Technology has advanced since then, and so it seems has Hindi cinema. In Shirish Kunder's next, Joker, Akshay Kumar is actually able to hold a conversation with an alien. That's the first thing that struck us when we saw the first promo of the film, screened exclusively for the newspaper at Shirish and Farah Khan's sprawling home on the 35th floor of a suburban high-rise.While Akshay is busy talking to the alien on screen, we hear Farah sighing, \"He is so cute and funny.\" And she wasn't referring to the rugged Kumar. Interestingly, two life size aliens (men in cute costumes) joined us for the promo screening. After all, it was a film based on them.The trailer opens with the logo of Three's Company (that shows three babies turning into angels), Farah's production house. The filmmaker reveals that a small clip from her sonography video was used in making the particular logo formation.\"I normally don't talk and let my work do the talking. This time I have made an exception,\" says Shirish. On screen, we catch glimpses of UFO landing sites. \"These are very Indian and not inspired from Hollywood films. These are in shapes of a trishul or the face of lord Shiva,\" explains the director.Eventually, his film too talks. Akshay Kumar dressed first as an executive and then as a rustic villager says, \"UFO matlab udta firta omelette .\" Farah explains, \"Akshay has basically made a machine to communicate with the aliens and he is in the village on a mission.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14814842", "title": "Cardiologist and others granted bail", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Tuesday granted bail to cardiologist and managing trustee Purvez Grant of Ruby Hall Clinic, its chief executive officer Bomi Bhote, medical director Sujata Malik and cardiologist C N Makhale in a case filed against them for allegedly failing to register a colour doppler machine, used to diagnose heart blockages, with the PMC. Grant and the others were granted bail on furnishing a personal bond and surety bond of Rs 15,000 each.They appeared before judicial magistrate first class Rohidas Wankhade and filed bail pleas in response to a summons issued in a criminal case filed by the PMC under relevant sections of the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prevention of Sex Determination) Act and Indian Penal Code.PMC counsel Milind Salunkhe told the court that the offence committed by Grant and others were serious and non-bailable. He asked that their bail pleas be rejected on the grounds that the machine was allegedly used for sex determination.Lawyers Sagar Kothari and Narayan Pandit, representing Grant and the others, submitted that the PMC complaint had not mentioned that the machine was used for alleged sex determination. They said the PMC had filed a case against their clients because there was a delay in registering the machine with them. The lawyers pleaded that they be released on bail.After the court proceedings, Grant told TOI that the machine sealed by the PMC around 10 days ago was used to diagnose heart blockages and was not used for sex determination.He said that the machine, purchased in 2001, cannot be used to conduct other tests. \"We had voluntarily filed an application in the PMC to register the machine in August 2011 after we learnt that registration was compulsory, but the PMC sealed the machine kept in the cardiac theatre. We have now purchased a new machine and registered it with the PMC so that no inconvenience is caused to patients coming to the hospital,\" he added.Kothari said that his clients had replied to the PMC notices issued in 2001 and 2004 and had made all compliances from the hospital side, but the registration of the machine got delayed due to technical reasons.The PMC had filed case against Grant and others before the court on June 4, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14811962", "title": "Chemists call off stir; homeopaths shut shop", "text": "MUMBAI: Chemists who were to shut shop from Wednesday called off the strike on Tuesday.After a meeting with the Food and Drug Association (FDA), the Maharashtra State Chemists and Druggists Association (MSCDA) called off the strike. All India Organization of Chemists and Druggists (AIOCD) president J S Shinde said, \"We have been assured of amicable solutions.\" The trigger for the chemists' strike call, the association had said, was the FDA crackdown for not having pharmacists in the shop at all times.Meanwhile, homeopathy and ayurvedic doctors struck work on Tuesday. Association of ayurvedic and homeopathic doctors and National Integrated Medicine Association met the FDA and the CM. The association has been advocating for allowing them to prescribe allopathic drugs in times of emergency, among other demands like permanent jobs. Experts root for abortion pillExperts said 66% of abortions in India are unsafe as they are done at unhygienic places or by quacks. Unsafe methods cause 200 deaths per 1,00,000 abortions in the country. \"Abortion pill is one of the safe ways of abortion in rural India,'' said Asia Safe Abortion Partnership coordinator Dr Suchitra Dalvie. Experts say even if one abortion method becomes less accessible, unsafe abortions could rise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14817907", "title": "Seven awarded lifer in murder case", "text": "KANPUR: As many as seven persons were awarded life imprisonment along with fine by the additional district and sessions judge (III) of Ramabai Nagar on Tuesday in a murder case.Presiding judge Santosh Kumar Pandey, in his order observed that all the accused had committed a heinous crime; therefore, they were liable to be punished severely. The prosecution has proved its case successfully hence all seven accused were being punished with life imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 12,000 each.The sentenced persons were identified as Suraj Singh, Narendra Singh, Krishna Gopal alias Kapoore, Uday Singh alias Lattar, Ram Babu, Prahlad alias Mirkhi and Soney Lal. All residents of Gauri Ganj village under Devrahat police station.According to prosecution case, all the sentenced persons had killed a fellow villager, Mahraj Singh, on July 5, 2010.The accused, armed with axe, sharp-edged weapons and lathis had attacked Mahraj Singh when he was returning back to their village from Pukhrayan town. As Mahraj and his son reached near the Sultanpur junior high school, the accused attacked them. Mahraj suffered serious injuries and later succumbed to his injuries.Additional district government counsel, Phool Singh, argued that the reason behind the murder was a dispute regarding a cheque and both the parties were involved in litigation.Lifer in rape caseAdditional district and sessions judge (Vth) of Kanpur Nagar, Neerja Singh, convicted Rahul alias Ali Ahmad and Ajay Kumar of Chakeri area for raping and murdering a girl and punished awarded them with life imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 15,000 each.Arguing the case, the additional district government counsel said that Rahul and Ajay Kumar had not only physically exploited a girl of their locality, but also killed her.Victim's father had opened a shop of beetle and cold drink in a fair held on that day in Chakeri area. At around 9.30 pm he asked his daughter to attend the shop and went for dinner. Meanwhile, the victim's mother reached the shop to handle sale.The two accused reached there around 10 pm and asked to send half a dozen cold drink bottles at their house. When the woman sent her daughter to deliver the bottles at the home of the accused, they caught hold of the girl and raped her. They later killed her to hide their offence and dumped the body in a nearby field from where it was recovered the next morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14814825", "title": "Compensation not enough for treatment or to sustain lives", "text": "MUMBAI: The pain of July 13 bombings was compounded for many victims by the way the government decided compensations . They say the money the administration gave was too little to take care of recurring medical expenses leave alone bring their lives back on track.Bhayander resident G Patel said he was treated at St George Hospital following the blasts and sent home. \"I was given a compensation of Rs 10,000 since my injuries were deemed minor. But after a few days I could feel that my hearing was affected.\" The 22-year-old diamond agent, who works in Opera House, said he spent close to a lakh on treatment . \"My pleas for more compensation were turned down because I did not get admitted soon after the bombing.\"The collector's office disbursed compensation to most families of the injured and the deceased within four days of 13/7 attacks. The funds provided relief initially but soon victims realized that the money was insufficient to sustain medical expenses and run homes at the same time.Prajapati Khangaram, who suffered fractures in both legs and burn injuries on the face, was discharged from Bombay Hospital after three months. To continue treatment, the 45-year-old went to his village in Rajasthan since he \"could not afford to live in the city or get treated\" on his own\" . Khangaram returned to Mumbai about a fortnight ago for physiotherapy and advanced treatment. \"I was given a compensation of Rs 2 lakh, most of which was used up on my treatment and to sustain my family of four. More thought needs to be given to rehabilitating victims like us who find it difficult to get employed again,\" he said.Borivli resident Anantrai Gandhi too said he was paying to treat his hearing problem from his own pocket. \"My compensation amount of 2 lakh was mostly spent on treatment and I am still not cured of the problem. I have been paying through my nose for private doctor consultations and medicines,\" the 61-yearold said. He added that in a country where blasts have crippled many lives and families better ways of giving compensation need to be figured out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14817634", "title": "Pinki Pramanik released from jail", "text": "KOLKATA: Asian Games gold medallist Pinki Pramanik walked out of jail on Wednesday after 26 days and said she was falsely implicated in the rape case.A Barasat court had on Tuesday granted the athlete bail. Speaking to reporters after her release from the Dum Dum Central Jail, Pramanik said she was falsely implicated in the case.Pramanik was arrested on June 14 after she was accused of being a male by her live-in partner, a 30-year-old estranged woman who also alleged that she was raped by Pramanik.Asked whether she would file a defamation case, Pramanik said she would consult her lawyer on this matter.Her father and other family members received her after her release from Jail.Pramanik had won the 4x400m relay gold in the 2006 Doha Asiad and silver in the same event at the 2006 Melbourne Commonwealth Games .Pinki had bagged three gold medals in the 2006 SAF Games in Colombo when she won the 400m, 800m and 4x400m relay events.A PIL was moved in the Calcutta high court on July 6 alleging inhuman torture on the athlete.The court has directed the West Bengal government to file an affidavit within two weeks on the progress of the investigation.The West Bengal Human Rights Commission has also stepped in and directed the home, health and police departments to inquire into the allegations of 'torture' on the athlete in police and jail custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812283", "title": "Haleem season dawns early in city this year", "text": "HYDERABAD: It might be another 10 days for Ramzan to begin, but Hyderabad's foodies are already digging into bowls of haleem. Unlike in the past, several eateries in the city have started dishing out the delectable haleem in advance this year and diehard haleem lovers are making the most of it. Traders say that with the month of Shravan (during which a section of the population abstains from eating meat) coinciding with Ramzan this year, they were flooded with requests to start serving the dish early.The early start has only proved beneficial for haleem-makers. It's not just the small joints but even big players like Sarvi and Cafe Bahar have started serving their signature dish that primarily is a rich mix of wheat, meat, ghee, lentils and dry fruits. Seeing the haleem counters open, many even assumed that the Ramzan month had already started.Mirza Ali Sarvi of Sarvi restaurant started serving haleem from July 6 based on public demand. \"We have a lot of non-Muslim customers. Because a chunk of them avoid meat during the month of Shravan that begins on July 20, a lot of requests were pouring in. We are selling 300-400 plates per day,\" says Ali who claims that his restaurant serves the authentic Iranian haleem in the city and that the best quality wheat from Madhya Pradesh and spices all the way from Iran go into the dish.Syed Hussain Bulooki of Cafe Bahar that started selling haleem from July 5 says a certain percentage of Muslims fast even during the month of Sha'ban, the preceding month of Ramzan. Also, Bulooki concedes that keeping the month of Shravan in mind, even he started selling haleem early. Cafe Milli near Sanathnagar crossroads is another Iranian joint that has also started dishing out haleem.Hoteliers note that in the last five years or so, the demand for the dish has seen a four-fold rise. It is probably the first time that Syed Hassan of City Light Restaurant will start selling haleem a week ahead of the holy month on July 13 in Secunderabad. \"There was a lot of pressure from the public and this will be the first time we will start making the dish ahead of Ramzan,\" says Hassan who also imports the spices from Iran. To begin with, he says he would be making 10-15 quintals of haleem per day.While Hyderabad House and several small eateries sell haleem round the year, though in limited quantity, popular brands like Pista House and Shadab will start serving the delectable dish from the first day of the holy month as usual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14812892", "title": "Fewer women entries in Maharashtra State badminton tournament a worry", "text": "AURANGABAD: The difference is quite noticeable. While there is a draw of 128 in the men's singles, women's singles have attracted only 19 entries in the first Senior State Badminton tournament which got underway in Aurangabad.Despite Saina Nehwal taking the game to altogether different level and popularizing badminton immensely in the country, the participation of women's players in Maharashtra is a cause of big concern for the authorities.Although, the draw is of 32, there are quite a few numbers of byes in the first round in the women's singles. The Maharashtra Badminton Association (MBA), the governing body in the state, needs to address this severe problem quickly to sustain the interest of young girls in the game, who are interested to take up the game.In doubles, the scenario is even worse. There are only six pairs competing in a draw of just eight as compared to men's doubles draw of 64. Win a couple of rounds and you are in the final straight way.Compare to sub-junior and junior section, where the tournament generally witness equal participation of boys and girls, the difference in senior category is huge.Chief referee of the tournament, Vivek Saraf, was himself a surprised man when he saw the draw. He said MBA's effort to organize ranking tournaments is not served if there are less than expected participation from the women players.\"There might not be big bunch of seniors in the state who are actively taking part in the tournaments but juniors can always participate,\" said Saraf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14813318", "title": "Fire at Dankuni diesel depot", "text": "KOLKATA: A fire broke out at Kharial near Dankuni on Tuesday night at a depot that used to stock boiler oil. Police said a wielding job on the first floor of the depot has triggered the fire. It started at around 5.30pm and the firemen could manage to control the flames after almost four hours. The officials said 20 fire engines were pressed into service.There was panic in the area, as the barrels started exploding in the flames with loud sound and the residents started moving out of their houses. As there was a plastic factory in the vicinity, there were fears that the fire might engulf it. There was water crisis and the firemen had to bring water from Dankuni coal complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14813478", "title": "Line bursts, no water in 5 sectors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Water supply in around half a dozen southern sectors has been affected due to the drinking water supply getting snapped at the bridge near the dividing road of sectors 42/54 near Beant Singh memorial.The supply got cut because the storm water line which runs beneath the fresh water supply line burst, uprooting and cracking the water supply pipeline. Now supply to five sectors \u2014 48, 49, 50, 51 and 52 \u2014 has been hit.Thousands of people did not get water supply on Tuesday evening. On Wednesday, the residents of these five sectors will get supply only for two hours from 6am to 8am. What's more, the water pressure will be low. Worse, there will be no water supply in the evening. The fresh water pipe that got busted was 40 inches wide and was supplying around 5 MGD water to residents. The waterworks that supply water are in sectors 12, 26, 32, 37 and 52. And the line which was snapped was coming from the Sector 52 waterworks.A high voltage pole is also close to the bridge and if it falls, then it is likely to claim lives of innocent passersby. Residents were taken unawares by this development. Suman Sharma, a resident of Sector 48 said, \"I didn't have enough water stored, so had to purchase some mineral water bottles from the market.\"Ashok Kumar of Sector 49 said, \"We are suffering without any fault of ours. Such a thing happening in summer has made things pretty tough for residents.\" Kapil Verma, a resident of Sector 50 said that as there was no water supply so he called up the complaint centre only to find that \"there will be no supply on Tuesday and Wednesday evening and so am busy arranging for some water for my family.\" Rajinder Kaur of Sector 51 said, \"I had not stored sufficient water, as I couldn't have fathomed such a thing happening. But this problem could have been averted if the base of the water pipeline had been stronger.\" Om Prakash, a resident of Sector 52 said that it's a shame that the pipelines have been laid in such an unplanned manner in a planned city like Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14813898", "title": "Garbage trucks send wrong signals", "text": "BANGALORE: Two years ago, Malleswaram residents decided to have a separate solid waste segregation unit in their neighbourhood to ensure scientific disposal. BBMP has defeated the very purpose, with its garbage-laden trucks parked there.The segregation unit in 14th Cross Malleswaram off Sampige Road was set up by Malleswaram residents in association with Solid Waste Management Round Table and ITC. The three-room centre stores paper, plastic and e-waste segregated by households and then sends them for recycling. However, for the past few months, BBMP has been parking trucks packed with garbage in front of this centre. And citizens are furious about it.\"It has been sending a wrong message to the public - that every dry waste centre planned in each ward would have a stinking garbage truck in front of it. That's not true. At the dry waste collection centre, no waste is segregated -- instead only the segregated plastic, paper waste is collected by ITC volunteers and stored here. From here, it goes for recycling. This is just a storing place and is clean. There's no stench. Public can also walk into the centre and give their segregated paper and plastic waste. Get it weighed and take away money for recyclable waste sold here. But because of the stinking truck parked here, people are just not coming. It's a nuisance in the middle of the road,\" said N S Ramakanth, solid waste management expert and member, SWMRT.Residents are also worried that when trucks cannot reach the Malavallipura landfill, they end up being parked all over the city. \"That's how these trucks end up in front of the waste segregation centre next to Malleswaram market. We don't know why this place has been chosen to dump waste,\" says Srinivas K, supervisor, dry waste collection centre.Give e-waste hereFrom hair driers to keyboards, many electronic gadgets are given to the e-waste collection centre from where it's sent for recycling. Malleswaram residents gave used phones, batteries, mobile handsets, caller-ids, printers, wires, tape recorders, cassettes and DVDs, among other things. It gets segregated as dry waste from 30 apartments in Malleswaram, 20 in Seshadripuram, 15 from New BEL Road and from some IT companies in Bangalore West. Depending upon the variety of plastic, each kg is bought for about Rs 3.Unused godownWhen the dry waste collection centre behind Chowdaiah Memorial Hall is being run in three different rooms, the huge BBMP godown built for this purpose is lying vacant for over a year. All because it's yet to get an electricity connection. The place is being used by security officials to park cars and to store drinking water cans. \"No corporator has any clue how dry waste collection centres should be. It doesn't even require electricity. BBMP is unnecessarily delaying shifting the segregation centre to this place,\" alleged Ramakanth.BBMPspeakParking of a garbage truck in front of the dry waste collection centre does send a wrong message. I'll speak to the ward engineer and chief engineer about it. BBMP is taking the garbage issue very seriously. Dry waste collection centres will not have garbage trucks coming in. The public must understand this and give us place to set up such centres in all 198 wards. As per the solid waste management proposal sent to the standing committee (health) for approval, open trucks will not be used anymore. Instead, compactors will come into place. People must segregate dry and wet waste . K R Niranjan , special commissioner, BBMP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14814529", "title": "Temple relocates, foundation stone to be laid today", "text": "NASHIK: The Bhoomipoojan of the new location of the Bali Mandir on the Mumbai-Agra highway near Adgaon will take place on Wednesday afternoon, said the temple's trustees. The temple has been the that has been the focus of attention for a little over a week, following a road mishap on July 2, when a vehicle rammed into the temple damaging one of its walls. The location of the temple has posed a problem because of its proximity to the highway which is currently being widened.Lok Sabha MP Pratapdada Sonawane who is a member of the temple's trust said that the construction of the new temple would begin after the Bhoomipoojan ceremony. but it would take atleast six months to shift the deity of Lord Bali into the new temple to build.It is said that once construction is complete till the plinth level, the shed and the temple on the highway would be moved making way for the road widening project to continue. the construction company to construct the road there.Ananat Suryawanshi, another trustee of the temple said that the trustees, anticipating visits from many devotees beginning August 8 during the week-long Harinaam Saptah, decided against moving the temple's shade immediately.Following the road mishap, a speeding car rammed into the temple, following which irate devotees blocked the Mumbai Agra Highway near Adgaon for more than two hours. SubsequentlyDCP Sahebrao Patil had called a meeting of the temple trustees and officials of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), and the company overseeing the road-widening project.. . .During the meeting, it was reportedly agreed upon that the construction companies would bear the cost of the temple's relocation while the temple's trust said that it would bear the cost of the sabhamandap.Ever since the work of the widening the Mumbai-Agra national highway between Gonde to Pimpalgaon began, the temple falling right in the middle of the road was proving a major hurdle in the road widening programme.The arrangement and consensus signifies a breakthrough since the temple's location had been a constant problem for the road widening proj in an issue that had hitherto remained unresolved either due to unavailability of land for the relocation, or due to dissatisfaction over compensation to relocate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14817418", "title": "Blooming business: It's raining customers for city nurseries", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nurseries in the city are doing brisk business since the arrival of monsoon. There are about 10 big nurseries in the city. Sale of saplings has gone up by up to 50 per cent, sources said.Umakanat Nanda, manager of Kalinga nursery in the Unit-III area of the city, confirmed that the number of customers has gone up considerably in the last few weeks. He said, \"With monsoon arriving in the city, people have become more interested in buying plants. Its easy to maintain the plants during the monsoon. Customers demand both seasonal and ever-green varieties. Schools and organizations are also buying saplings of big plants.\"Nanda attributed the rise in the sale of plants to the ongoing plantation drives by government and private organizations and ample availability of water.Jitendra Rout, the senior manager of a nursery, said this trend had been seen for the past many years. He said, \"We sell more plants during June to September. A plant needs generous quantities of water in the initial 3-4 months. So, rains are suitable for mass plantation purposes.\"While palms, shrubs and ground covers are high in demand in for small gardens, big plants like neem, karanja, pesta, ashok, baula, gulmohur, nagachampa, chhatiana are also in demand. Besides, fruit plants such as mango , jackfruit, coconut, jamun are also being sold in large numbers. The price of the plants ranges from Rs 20 to Rs 300 depending on variety and size.D P Das, who enjoys gardening and has bought varieties of roses for his garden, said, \"I have bought about 200 plants, including roses and hedges, to enrich my garden in the rainy season.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14814173", "title": "Three killed as bus overturns on NH-8", "text": "GURGAON: Three people were killed and 15 injured after an overloaded private bus overturned on the Delhi-Jaipur Highway in Dharuhera town. One of the injured persons, who was in a critical state, was shifted to a private hospital in Gurgaon for better treatment. Others were admitted to different hospitals in Rewari, Dharuhera and Gurgaon.Dharuhera police have arrested the bus driver and lodged an FIR against him on the charge of negligent driving. The driver, Devdutt, himself was injured and undergoing treatment with police keeping a watch at the hospital.The accident, involving a private bus (RJ-18PA-3747) coming towards Gurgaon from Narnaul, took place in front of the SBI branch on NH-8 at Dharuhera around 9.15am on Tuesday.The overloaded bus was carrying about 100 passengers including some on the rooftop and latching on to the windows. Apparently, when the bus driver was overtaking another vehicle, he had lost control of the bus, which overturned. Three persons, including the conductor of the bus, Rajpal of Sheka Mundhana village of Mahendragarh district, died on the spot.The other two victims were identified as Ganesh, resident of Bharawas village of Rewari district, and Umashankar, resident of housing board colony, Bhiwadi in Rajasthan.Eyewitnesses said that the accident happened as the bus driver lost control probably because the bus was speeding and was overloaded. Also, some construction work was going on due to six-laning of the highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14815198", "title": "UoP gets 65% of new engineering seats", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune's (UoP) stature as the state's largest university system and a premier hub for engineering and technology studies stands confirmed. The varsity has accounted for 8,005 of the total 12,267 fresh engineering seats that have been added to the state's kitty, a 65% share in the increase of student intake in the state this year.The total number of seats at the UoP has increased by 21% \u2014 from 37,275 last year to 45,280 this year. Similarly, the number of institutions has gone up to 106 from the 90-odd last year.Mumbai University came closest with a student intake of 22,900 seats \u2014 almost half the intake of UoP. Nagpur and Kolhapur universities have a student intake of 19,512 and 13,560 seats respectively.At the state level, engineering seats have gone up by 10% \u2014 from 1,25,097 last year to 1,37,364 this year \u2014 as per the seat distribution details for 2012-13 released by the directorate of technical education (DTE).The total figure does not include the 7,390 student intake that has been declared for the 12 autonomous institutions as well as the Babasaheb Ambedkar Technological University (BATU), Lonere, and the SNDT Women's University, Mumbai.Barring the AIEEE, institute-level and minority quota seats, a total of 91,109 seats across the state will be available for allotment through the two rounds of the centralised admission process (CAP) this year. Last year, the seat availability for CAP rounds in the state was 78,493.At UoP, 30,806 seats will be available through CAP rounds as against last year's 24,245 seats.The admission process now enters the crucial phase of online submission and verification of option forms. For the first time, the DTE has introduced 'mock allotment' for CAP round I, which aims to enable students to get a better approach to their choice of seats.While the 'mock allotment' process, which does not guarantee a seat to the applicant, will continue till July 14, the actual submission of option forms and verification of the same at the designated application receipt centres will be held from July 15 to 18. There is no separate admission process for the autonomous institutions, which have increased in numbers from last year's five to 12 this year.Of the 7,390 student intake for these institutions, as well as BATU and SNDT, a total of 5,540 seats will be available for allotment through CAP rounds I and II. The rest will be filled through AIEEE and institute quota.The CAP round III will be a counselling-based exercise to be carried out at the Government College of Engineering, Aurangabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812519", "title": "4 land in hospital after blast in Vasai", "text": "MUMBAI: Four persons sustained injuries in Vasai (W) on Tuesday after they opened a bag containing chemicals that was kept near a stormwater drain. The incident triggered panic in the region.According to the Vasaigaon police, The explosion occurred around 7.30am when the victims, Suresh Kopatkar (22), Sugandha Kopatkar (20), Jaywanti Choudhary (50) and Shewanti Wagh (36), were headed for work. The victims were taken to J B Petit government hospital.The bomb detection and disposal squad inspected the blast site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14812793", "title": "Runway work likely to hamper flight schedules", "text": "JAIPUR: Extension work of the Jaipur airport's runway to accommodate more international flights is likely to hit domestic schedules to 10 destinations for the next 18 months starting this September.There are also fears of flights being suspended for the entire period, sources said.The Airports Authority of India (AAI), Jaipur, has asked various airlines operating between 10 am to 6 pm from terminal 2 of the airport to reschedule their flights from September onwards.Following the directive, officials the airlines are in touch with the DGCA to find a solution so as to avoid suspension of flights for the 18-month period.According to AAI, Jaipur, sources, the flights to important destinations including Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Raipur, Bengaluru. Ahmedabad, Goa, Jammu and Chandigarh would be affected during the period.AAI, Jaipur director Paul Manickam on Tuesday agreed that the runway extension which is a Rs 100 crore project has definitely forced the airlines to reschedule their timings from September onwards.\"We have intimated them about the ongoing work of the runway extension. I don't think they will have any problems with the rescheduling of the flights. Officials of various airlines are in touch with the DGCA to work out a schedule which can maintain the passenger load which they are getting now,\" Manickam told TOI.Asked if the flights to these important destinations could be suspended since work for extending the length of runway from 9,000 ft to 11,500 ft will be on during day time, he said, \"I think it is the discretion of the respective airlines. The airlines should not have problems in rescheduling their flights.\"Sources, however, said flights of airlines including GoAir, IndiGo, Kingfisher and a few others could be affected and some are even facing threat of suspension of their flight movement.\"I think the authorities of AAI, Jaipur are adamant on continuing the runway extension work during daytime when they can do it at night time which have almost zero flight movements. We are in touch with the DGCA for a solution,\" a senior official of a leading airlines said.According to the sources, the runway extension work will facilitate international flights to cater to the needs of gemstones and jewellery exporters who have their offices in countries including Singapore, Malaysia and Hong Kong.After completion of the work, one can expect direct flights from these countries. Though Jaipur airport got international status in 2006 and was equipped with new a terminal building and an air traffic control in 2008, the absence of a runway length of 11,500 ft has made it unable to function fully as an international airport.Airport officials get MP's patJaipur MP Mahesh Joshi on Tuesday felicitated officials of various wings AAI, Jaipur, for their team work in securing the first position. The Jaipur airport was ranked first in the country in 2011-12 in a survey conducted by the Airport Council International from among the 126 airports run by AAI. Officials of immigration, finance, air traffic control, CISF and others were also felicitated on the occasion.EomThe Jaipur airport's runway extension is supposed to get international flights, but for the next 18 months by when the work will be completed the flight movements of various airlines to 10 important destinations is likely to be hampered. The status of these flights to various destinations from September 2012 onwards is unclear and airlines and other authorities are working to find amicable solution into the matter.In the light of extension work, the airport authority of India, Jaipur has asked various airlines operating between 10 am to 6 pm from terminal 2 of Jaipur airport to reschedule their flights from September, 2012 onwards. The airlines are in touch with officials of director general civil aviation to find a solution to avoid a scenario where these flights might get suspended for 18 months.According to the sources from AAI, Jaipur the flights to the important destinations including Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Raipur, Bengaluru. Ahemadabad, Goa, Jammu and Chandigarh would be affected during the period of 18 months if the problem will not be solved, properly.Paul Manickam, director, AAI, Jaipur on Tuesday agreed that the runway extension which is a 100 crore project has definitely urged the airlines to reschedule their timings from September, 2012 onwards.\"We have intimated them about the ongoing work of the runway extension. I don't think they will have any problems with the rescheduling of the flights. Officials of various airlines are in touch with the DGCA to work out a schedule which can maintain the passenger load what they are getting now,\" Manickam told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14812606", "title": "Delhi SFI dissolves JNU unit, expel members for opposing CPI (M) support to Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi state committee of the Students' Federation of India (SFI) at a meeting dissolved the SFI-JNU unit on Tuesday. The meeting also passed a resolution expelling four state committee members from Jawahar Lal Nehru University for opposing its mother party CPI (M)'s decision to support Congressman and UPA candidate for presidential polls Pranab Mukherjee.A press statement by SFI-JNU unit confirmed that the meeting passed a resolution by a margin of eight votes to four, expelling president of Delhi SFI, Roshan Kishore, vice presidents PK Anand and Zico Dasgupta and state committee member V Lenin Kumar as well as dissolving the SFI-JNU unit.On last Thursday, the SFI unit in Jawaharlal Nehru University came out strongly against CPI (M)'s support to Mukherjee's presidential candidature.In a resolution passed at a hurriedly called meeting on Thursday, the SFI general body meeting expressed \"its deep concern at the disruption of Left unity on the issue of supporting Congress' parliamentarian Pranab Mukherjee for the presidential elections\".\"The largest force within the Left, CPI(M), has decided to extend support to Pranab Mukherjee. After due consideration, the SFI JNU unit finds the CPI (M)'s stand to be unconvincing and not in the best interests of the Left and democratic movement,\" the resolution said. Of the 46 members present and voting, 37 voted in support of the resolution.There were protests after the news of dissolution of SFI-JNU unit and expulsion of state SFI members. Robert Rahman Raman, state secretary of Delhi SFI tendered his resignation via an email in protest against the expulsion and dissolution of the SFI-JNU unit.In his statement Raman said, \"As elected state secretary of SFI-Delhi state committee and CEC member of the SFI, I strongly protest against the SFI Delhi state committee's decision (taken with just 12 members present and without adequate consultation or effort to retain the unit) to dissolve the JNU unit of the SFI and expel four JNU state committee members, including the elected Delhi state president of SFI.\"Though I am currently on leave from the organisation for academic purposes, I have been following the issues raised by the SFI-JNU unit on the web. It is really unfortunate that rather than responding politically and engaging democratically with the political issues raised by comrades in JNU, the expulsion order of the SFI invokes only discipline.\"JNU has always been a very political campus where the student community is to be won over on the strength of arguments and correct politics. Over the past couple of years, our JNU comrades have faced the brunt of student discontent against certain decisions and actions of the CPI (M). The political issues raised by the SFI-JNU unit in organisational forums have been always dismissed as 'too political' and the leadership has reviewed things only through the 'organisational' prism. When a prestigious and valuable unit like JNU is at stake, the SFI all India centre should have adopted a more political, democratic, consultative and patient approach.\"The present decision smacks of high handedness. Moreover, prior to the meeting itself, it became clear through comments posted on the Facebook that the decision to dissolve the JNU unit had already been made. It is clear that the letter and spirit of the programme and constitution of a mass organisation like the SFI were not adhered to in this meeting.\"I am convinced that such expulsions and dissolution are not in the best interest of the SFI. I stand in solidarity with the comrades of SFI-JNU who, I am confident, will continue to play their role in the advancement of the Left movement of our country while combating both right-opportunism and left-adventurism. I hereby resign from the post of state secretary of SFI in protest against today's high-handed decision taken at the behest of SFI all India leadership in the most undemocratic and apolitical manner.\"In fact, apart from SFI units of Delhi University and Jamia Millia Islamia, even the ultra-left All India Students' Association (AISA) too lent its support to SFI-JNU unit's resolution against the CPI (M)'s support to Mukherjee.According to SFI sources, the Tuesday meeting was convened to discuss SFI-JNU's position against CPI (M)'s support to Mukherjee in the presidential elections. The meeting was attended by the SFI all India general secretary, Ritabrata Banerjee, all India president, P K Biju and all India joint secretary V Sivadasan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813118", "title": "Police rescue 3 girls from prostitution racket, 4 held", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police have busted an elaborate prostitution racket stretching from Darjeeling in West Bengal to Delhi and finally Dindigul in Tamil Nadu. Four people were arrested and three girls, including a minor, from a village near Darjeeling who were forced into the sex trade were rescued and handed over to their families. A hunt is on for two others in connection with the case.A week ago, the anti-vice squad (AVS) of the CB-CID police arrested Kabitha alias Kavitha, 32, of Malbusti near Darjeeling, Sandeep Sharma, 22, and his wife Kalpana Kumari, 32, of Delhi and Sheik Masthan, 40, of Dindigul. Later, Sharma, Masthan and Kumari were detained under the Goondas Act.Inquiries revealed that Kabitha, whose village Malbusti is close to Pathar Joda where the girls resided, promised them jobs in beauty parlours in Chennai or Delhi. The girls, whose parents work in tea estates near Darjeeling, believed her. Kabitha took them to Kalpana Kumari's house in Sarita Vihar near Delhi where they stayed for a few days before being brought to Dindigul and handed over to Masthan. They were then taken to Kodaikanal and confined in a hotel for more than 15 days, police said.In the hotel, police said, they were forced to entertain 1-3 customers a day and the pimps collected about 10,000 a night. One of the girls befriended a customer and with his help spoke to her father Prakash Chettri in Pathar Joda and told him of their plight in Kodaikanal. Chettri then approached the police in Delhi where the girls had stayed with Kumari and her husband Sharma.A Delhi police team soon nabbed Kumari and her husband and brought them to Chennai with Chettri. They went to Dindigul, where Masthan handed over the three girls to the Delhi police. Chettri also lodged a formal complaint with the AVS in the central crime branch of the Chennai police. Based on the complaint, police arrested Sandeep Sharma and Kalpana Kumari for forcing a minor girl and two others into prostitution. The girls were handed over to their parents after a medical check-up. A confidential statement was taken in front of a magistrate under Section 164 of the Evidence Act.The case was then forwarded to the CB-CID who narrowed down on Kabitha and nabbed her from village.Police said Sharma and Kumari had sold the three girls to Masthan for 88,000, of which they gave 47,000 to Kabitha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14816947", "title": "Jackie Shroff: What\u2019s wrong if I was in a bindaas mood?", "text": "Jackie Shroff defends his actions of fourteen years back, that has come back to haunt him in the form of an unedited piece of video shot for a noble causeA little remembered television campaign to spread polio awareness featuring Jackie Shroff has put the actor in a rather uncomfortable spot.Video footage of the pulse polio advertisement shot way back in 1998-99 has the actor struggling with his script, shuffling between pointless takes and retakes, and mouthing the choicest of expletives in Hindi and Marathi, so much so he could easily be in the eye of a censor storm over the indiscriminate use of abusive language. Not surprisingly, the video has gone viral and is trending on popular social networking websites. Understandably, Jackie is not at all amused by the unedited footage popping up fourteen years after the now-forgotten ad was shot.He told us, \" Arey, logon ko kaam dhanda nahin hai kya ? I am terribly miffed with this mischief monger, who has made this public. What one needs to understand is that we relieve our stress before starting work. In fact, we even take breaks in between to de-stress. People de-stress in different ways. What's wrong if I was in one of those bindaas moods? You don't have to take all that stuff, which wasn't supposed to be in the ad, so seriously. The video you've been seeing online since Tuesday is the canning of almost the entire proceedings of that shoot. And it's not rocket science to understand that.\"\"I certainly don't mind masti mazaak and have a great sense of humour. But this video going online in its unedited version is something which is in very bad taste. Even as we speak, I am off to Rajasthan for work and I would appreciate if people get on with their own lives instead of making fun of senior actors and noble causes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14813393", "title": "4 get 3-year rigorous imprisonment in fake currency case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court has convicted four persons, including a middle-aged woman, and awarded three-year rigorous imprisonment in a fake currency case on Tuesday. The convicted included, Savinder Kaur of Amritsar, Yudhvir Singh alias Yodha, Ravi Kumar alias Nona and Savinder Singh. All were arrested in August 2009.Though, investigation agency has established that the prime accused Savinder had visited Pakistan many times and brought fake currency from the neighbouring country, it failed to establish its earlier claim that woman has links with ISI, during the court trail. A detailed chargesheet against all accused was filed in September 2009. UT police had seized fake notes worth Rs 4 lakh from Kaur and another Rs 8,000 from her associate Yudhvir Singh alias Yodha and claimed that there is around Rs 1,69,000 crore of fake currency circulating in the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813038", "title": "Disabled man seeks police help to rescue wife", "text": "CHENNAI: A 24-year-old physically challenged man, T Sethuraj, has sought the help of police commissioner J K Tripathy to rescue his wife Jeeva, who is also differently-abled, from the forcible custody of her sister and husband in Gummidipoondi.In his complaint, Sethuraj said he was in love with Jeeva for more than 10 years. Soon, they had a registered marriage at a sub-registrar's office at Perambur on April 20.In May, her wife's sister and husband approached him stating that they were taking Jeeva to her native place in Gummidippoondi and promised a proper wedding inviting all the relatives.\"Since then I have got no information about my wife from her family members. When I approached them, they abused and humiliated me. They are now forcing my wife to marry another man,\" he said.When contacted, the woman's family said she was not being forcibly detained and there were no problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813156", "title": "Post-website attack, cops hot on pursuit of Anonymous hackers", "text": "CHENNAI: The cyber crime wing has formed special teams to nab the hackers who attacked and stole data from the Tamil Nadu police website.\"We have submitted a formal complaint to trace the hacker,\" said additional director general of police (ADGP-State Crime Records Bureau) Ashish Bhengra after a high-level meeting on Tuesday led by director general of Police K Ramanujam. The meeting discussed the precautionary steps to prevent similar incidents.The hacktivist collective Anonymous said on Tuesday that they hacked the TN police's website to protest internet censorship by the government of India. On July 8, the group released a set of files containing complaints made by public to the TN police and action taken by officials. \"This is less about TN police and more about a continuing protest,\" said members of the group in an internet relay chat to TOI. The group said apart from certain Internet service providers, the government continued to censor the internet.\"If our protest is not respected for the very real and constitutional questions it raises, then we throw more and more areas open where wrongdoing may be found,\" said a member.The group's India wing posted links to the leaked documents under its Twitter handle 'opindia_revenge' on Sunday night. The files show a range of complaints filed by the public -- from fleecing of passengers by autorickshaw drivers, property disputes, grouses from police personnel and instances of missing mobile phones and people. The complaints have been filed from across Tamil Nadu, including Chennai, Coimbatore, Madurai, and even places such as Uttarakhand and Kuwait.The group has redacted phone numbers and email ids in some cases but has left other data like name and address. The documents also have details of action taken by the police -- from forwarding the case to the respective police station to digging up information on accused persons.Anonymous India, which has done a series of virtual sit-ins on government and corporate websites, has only a few high-profile hacking operations in India. In May, it hacked the servers of Reliance Communications, preventing users from accessing social media websites. The group also released a list of websites that were allegedly blocked by Reliance. The group started attacking official websites to protest what it called 'censorship' of the internet that snowballed after a Madras High Court 'John Doe' order to prevent movie piracy. Anonymous also organised a protest march on June 9 at various Indian cities.However, the latest attack inconveniences public and damages the cause, said users. \"Anonymous consists of a large bunch of activists who gained some credibility in India after they organised offline protests. But this operation doesn't serve any purpose and brings down their credibility as details of those who filed complaints have been revealed,\" said Pranesh Prakash, lawyer and programme manager at The Centre for Internet and Society, a Bangalore-based research organisation.According to a member of Anonymous, people are afraid of thinks that they are not aware of. \"Some were angry at us for leaking data from Reliance. But if criticism is justified, we will make sure it doesn't happen again,\" said the member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14813657", "title": "Driver spots rail fracture and stops train", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after a Budge Budge-Sealdah local derailed near the Ballygunge station on Sunday, passengers on the Sealdah-Rampurhat Maa Tara Express had a narrow shave on Tuesday morning after the driver applied emergency brakes on spotting a fracture on the track between the Bidhannagar Road and Dum Dum Junction stations. The train was detained at the spot for nearly 30 minutes while repairs were carried out. Several local trains were also detained.The incident occurred soon after the express train left Sealdah at 7.25am. It was yet to gather speed, when the alert driver spotted the rail fracture near the Dakshindari level crossing. He immediately brought the train to a stop and alerted the control room around 7.40am.\"Our engineers and trackmen reached the spot within minutes and began repairs. Track fractures are quite common during temperature variations. There was no foul play or negligence involved. The steel rails contract in the night due to a dip in temperature. As the sun rises and it gets warmer, the metal expands and cracks develop wherever there is any weak spot. Such weak spots can't be spotted with the naked eye. Loco pilots and their assistants are asked to maintain a lookout for such cracks, particularly during seasonal variations,\" an Eastern Railway official said. The repairs were completed at 8.10am.Some people, however, claimed that track fractures do lead to accidents. In May this year, eight coaches of the Mumbai-bound Punjab Mail derailed near Rohtak in Haryana, injuring 29 passengers. According to an official, if all vacancies for the post of trackmen are filled up, rail fractures can be detected before the trains pass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14817632", "title": "Shared computing gaining momentum", "text": "BHOPAL: A simple, powerful and yet affordable concept of 'shared-computing' is changing lives and mind sets of many in the city. Adopted by institutions and business alike, it has reduced costs by about 50% on computers and offers the potential of 90% saving on energy.Called end-to-end virtual desktop solution, it is adding more value derived from single desktop machine. Shared computing, about 5 times cheaper than purchasing standalone PC's was introduced by NGO Samavesh, a city based NGO, in Quraishian middle school and madarsa.\"We took a normal desktop PC and linked it to 10 terminals. All terminals have the same performance capacity as the mainframe PC. Its making 10 more PCs from one,\" said Samavesh project co-ordinator Ajit Singh.A terminal consists of a regular monitor, mouse and keyboard which are linked to a mainframe PC. \"The additional cost per terminal works out to be about Rs 10,000. Compared with standalone solution it worked saving Rs 1.5 lakh,\" he added. The project is funded by Sir Dorabji Tata trust.Computer experts now claim that shared computing can add up to 45 to 100 terminals. \"With the introduction of both thin clients and software clients, virtual desktops make PC replacement dramatically less costly making them seamless mobile and Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) capabilities,\" said computing consultant Manish Kataria.Experts also point out that shared computing is becoming more affordable as PC's have become more powerful. \"Since the 1990's the power of PC has increased more than ten-fold. On an average we only use 5% to 10% of the PC performance. Shared computing is utilisation of this untapped performance.\"There is also an added advantage of using open-source software (OSS) on shared-computing. \"Schools and institutions can dramatically using reduce cost by opting for OSS along with shared computing,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14812856", "title": "Five cops injured in vehicle-lifters' attack", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another attack on police, some vehicle-lifters opened fire and injured at least five policemen in Bharatpur's Nagar police station area on Monday night. The injured policemen were completely ignored by their superiors as none of them came to the RBM Hospital even 10 hours after the incident. The condition of all the policemen is stated to be stable.According to the police, the police control room was informed that nearly half a dozen armed criminals had robbed a car from someone at Barsai village under Kumher police station area. The criminals had escaped towards Sundarwali village near Nagar town.\"A team was immediately rushed to the village where they tried to intercept the car. However, the criminals opened fire on the policemen,\" said an officer.He added that several bullets were fired by the criminals on the policemen. \"ASI Jagdish Singh, constables Ramveer Singh, Ghanshyam Singh and Govind Kumar and a homeguard Bhojdan sustained injuries in the attack,\" said the officer.The policemen could not nab any of the criminals. They received bullets on their hands and some other parts of the body.\"The villagers rushed them to PBM Hospital in Bharatpur where they are undergoing treatment,\" said the officer.When villagers informed SP, Bharatpur, Anshuman Bhomiya, he came to the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814015", "title": "With waste-to-energy, landfill search ends", "text": "NEW DELHI: In 1999, Singapore was sending 0.76 million tonnes of waste to its landfill site in a year and incinerating 2.04 million tonnes. In 2011, only 0.2 million tonnes was sent to the site while 2.66 million tonnes was sent for incineration to its four waste-to-energy (WTE) plants. The plants process around 7,600 tonnes of waste daily and produce more than 40 MW of power.Sources in Singapore's National Environment Agency (NEA) explained that \"the four WTE plants incinerate waste by 90%. What remains is disposed of safely at the landfill site. Waste management becomes easier because about 50% of all waste produced is recycled.\"Delhi, with three overflowing landfill sites, a growing population and a miserable waste management strategy has been growing desperate for a solution to its waste problem. With 8,500 tonnes of waste reaching its landfill sites daily, the government at one point contemplated creating a fourth landfill site in the middle of the city's ridge area.In 1990, after a failed attempt at incinerating its waste, the city tried to set up another WTE plant. Mired in controversy and dogged by protests, the plant did come up but the government is still to convince Delhiites that it is the best solution to the waste problem. Meanwhile, two other WTE plants are being constructed. The three plants together will incinerate 7,500 tonnes of waste each day.Delhi's problem with WTE technology started with the Timarpur plant that was set up in 1990. It shut down seven days after operations commenced as the government realized that Delhi's waste did not have the calorific value to function well with the Danish technology.\"Since Indian waste is never segregated, it is wet and often mixed with hazardous material. This waste does not burn well at all. Similar plants set up in other Indian cities also failed. Jindal Ecopolis, which is operating the new plant in Okhla, claims to be using better technology but the waste is the same. How can the plant be successful then,\" asks Gopal Krishna of the ToxicsWatch Alliance.Singapore's four WTE plants are Tuas, Senoko, Tuas South and Keppel Seghers Tuas Waste-To-Energy Plant (KSTP). KSTP was developed under a design, build, own and operate model and was commissioned in 2009 to replace the city's first WTE plant at Ulu Pandan which was closed in August 2009 after 30 years of operation.\"Prior to the collection of solid waste, recyclables are sorted out and retrieved for processing to prolong their lifespans,\" says an NEA report.\"The solid waste that remains is then collected and sent to the various waste-to-energy plants for incineration. Incineration reduces the volume of solid waste by about 90% and produces steam that runs turbine generators to generate electricity. The incinerated ash and other non-incinerable wastes are then transported to the Tuas Marine Transfer Station (TMTS) and then to Semakau Landfill.\"\"Licensed collection vehicles deliver incinerable solid waste to the plants. To prevent odours from escaping into the environment, the air in the refuse bunker is kept below atmospheric pressure. High-capacity rotary crushers reduce the size of bulky solid waste to improve its burning efficiency. The solid waste is then fed into the incinerator by a grab crane. As the incinerator is heated to temperatures of between 800 and 1,000 degrees Celsius, a lining of silicon carbide tiles protects the incinerator walls from the extreme heat and corrosion. Each load of solid waste is reduced to about 10% of its original volume in about five hours,\" says NEA.Catalytic fabric filter systems and two-zone electrostatic precipitators remove pollutants from the flue gas before it is released from the plant while ash is collected and the ferrous material is removed to be sold and recycled.Ranjit Devraj, who has been an active member of protests against the Okhla WTE plant, says the biggest drawback for the technology in India is that waste is not segregated.\"The Okhla plant is in the middle of a residential area. Not only were residents not consulted, the technology being used is also suspect. If waste is not segregated, the plant will be burning everything, from plastic to chemicals. For 16 MW of power, it is too high a price to pay. Singapore is using the best technology possible but Delhi government has not managed to convince us of the benefits of this plant. Even the Central Pollution Control Board has questioned the technology being used in this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813033", "title": "3 held for stealing 35kg copper wires", "text": "CHENNAI: The Avadi Tank Factory police have arrested three people on charges of stealing copper wires worth Rs 25,000 from the tank factory. Selvam, 29, Vijayaraja, 28, and Gopal, 36 were caught on the basis of a complaint from the tank factory's junior works manager, Avin Kumar.Police said while Selvam stole the wires from the highly-fortified tank factory, Vijayaraja and Gopal sold them. Police are baffled as to how the accused planned and executed the theft despite the presence of high number of security personnel at the Central government owned factory.Police said the accused had got in touch with a buyer and was promised regular payments for sale of copper wires. Initially, they stole 10kg of copper wires and managed to sell it. After a week, Selvam stole 35kg of copper and threw it outside the compound, while his accomplices had organized transport and sold it.Police said security has been beefed up at the factory after the theft as a large number of spare parts and other equipment is lying in the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14818324", "title": "Simi Garewal set to return to film direction", "text": "Veteran actress Simi Garewal is all set to return to film direction after a gap of almost 24 years.Simi Garewal, who is best remembered for her role in Raj Kapoor's 'Mera Naam Joker' , is all charged up to return to the silver screen, not as an actor, but as a director.\"She has written a script. And she is looking to direct it. The film will be shot in New York and Moscow . It is all in a developing stage...so cannot reveal anything more,\" a source close to the actress told PTI.In 1988, Simi had written and directed a Hindi feature film 'Rukhsat' . The film, a family drama, featured Mithun Chakraborty , Anuradha Patel, Marc Zuber, Pradeep Kumar, Rohini Hattangadi and Amrish Puri.She was also the writer-director of the popular TV talk show 'Rendezvous with Simi Garewal' (1997), which she hosted. Besides that, she also directed a three-part TV documentary series-- 'India's Rajiv' (1991).Simi, who is usually spotted in her signature white clothes on TV shows and at award ceremonies, is popularly known as the 'Lady in White'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14814156", "title": "Haryana's industrial production grows at 6%", "text": "GURGAON: Industrial production in Haryana in 2011-12 recorded a growth of 6% over 2010-11, a government spokesman said here on Tuesday. He said that the growth was higher compared to the national average of only 2.8%.The economic and statistical analysis department spokesman said that the index of industrial production for registered manufacturing and electricity sectors in 2011-12 stood at 165.9 and 230.4 respectively, with the corresponding growth rate of 3.9% and 27.3% as compared to 2010-11.The department spokesman said that as per use-based classification, the growth rate during the year 2011-12 over 2010-11 was 18.7% in basic goods, 3.4% in capital goods and 9.2% in intermediate goods.\"The consumer durable goods had recorded growth of 9.8% whereas the consumer non-durable goods had recorded negative growth of 1.6% with an overall growth of 3.6% in consumer goods,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14817869", "title": "Lawyers strike on July 11, 12 in protest against H igher Education and Research Bill-2011", "text": "KANPUR: The lawyers will observe strike on July 11 and 12 in response to a call made by the Bar Council of India.The Bar Council of India and Bar Council of UP are opposing the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill-2011.The office-bearers of Kanpur Bar Association and Lawyers Association have declared to go on a two-day strike.The bill is likely to be presented in the monsoon session of Parliament and lawyers of the country would oppose it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814090", "title": "Revised Tatkal ticket booking allows passengers, officials to breathe easy", "text": "LUCKNOW: The public response on the very first day of the change in timings of Tatkal ticket booking showed that much of this objective has been met. One of the major objectives of the Railways behind changing the timings for Tatkal bookings was to scatter the public demand for reservation. Since, the Tatkal timings were changed from 8.00 am to 10.00 am, passengers seeking non-Tatkal tickets didn't wait in queue behind the Tatkal ticket seekers, which has been the common scene at reservation counters at almost all the prominent stations.Tatkal ticket seekers, on many occasions, used to line up hours before the reservation counters opened. And, those buying non-Tatkal tickets had no choice but to wait in the queue. After the ministry of railways announced that the change will come into effect from July 10, the zonal railways were instructed to implement the change. Though the ministry didn't issue any guidelines to be uniformly followed by all the zones of railways, the divisional railways put up their own arrangements to facilitate reservation process for both the Tatkal and non-Tatkal passengers.At the Charbagh station of Northern Railway, the Tatkal tickets were being booked at all the reservation counters between 10.00 am to 12.00 noon. The counters didn't issue any non-Tatkal tickets after 9.45 am. Passengers wanting Tatkal-tickets were asked to queue up separately and were allowed entry in the PRS hall after 9.45 am only. Passengers wanting the tickets were getting their reservation slip signed by the supervisors before going to the counter.Since, it was the first day of the changed Tatkal timings, senior railway officers were also present at the station monitoring the process. No agents were allowed to book the Tatkal tickets, between 10.00 am to 12.00 noon, neither at the counter nor online. Passengers, on the first day, found the system better than the previous one. The Tatkal seekers were happy that they didn't have to queue up since late night or wee hours for the tickets. On the other hand, non-Tatkal passengers were satisfied that they got their tickets booked quickly since there was no crowd of Tatkal seekers.\"By 9:30 in the morning, there were very few passengers left at the counters, as most of them had got tickets,\" said Ashwini Srivastava, senior divisional commercial manager, Lucknow, NR. At the Lucknow Junction station, Tatkal tickets were available at all the counters between 10.00 am to 10.30 am. After 10.30 am, the counters had two separate queues, one of Tatkal seekers and the other of those seeking non-Tatkal tickets. \"There was no chaos at the counters,\" said Radheyshyam, senior divisional commercial manager, Lucknow, NER.The Tatkal reservation for any of the trains now opens at 10.00 hrs on the previous day of journey at the originating station. The reservation is open till the charting for the particular train is done. But, it's the initial hour of reservation that sees the maximum turnout of passengers, both seeking Tatkal and non-Tatkal tickets, at the counters. Even the railways website gets maximum hits during this time. To do away with the congestion, railways has changed the timings for Tatkal reservation.However, it was the only the first day of the new Tatkal timings. Will it keep away the touts is doubtful, as railways might not be able to invariably maintain a strict monitoring of Tatkal bookings. The touts act in collusion with railways' own staff and this might not stop. Secondly, the change has been introduced at a time when the rush season has ended and demand for Tatkal bookings is not as high as it used to be in the summer season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812060", "title": "Mining baron's bail deal worth 20 crore", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cash-for-bail case accused and Nacharam history-sheeter Yadagiri Rao has confessed that a deal was struck for Rs 20 crore with Gali Janardhan Reddy' family for the mining baron's bail.The history-sheeter also told Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths that he was advised by his advocate to leave the state after suspended judge T Pattabhirama Rao granted bail to Gali Janardhan Reddy in the second week of May.In his confession before the ACB sleuths, Yadagiri Rao said that a deal was struck with Gali's brother Somasekhar Reddy and relative Dasarathrami Reddy for Rs 20 crore to get bail for the prime accused in the OMC mining scam.\"I met Somasekhar Reddy and others at advocate Uma Maheswar Rao's office several times to discuss the deal,\" Yadagiri confessed to the ACB sleuths.Yadagiri approached Pattabhirama Rao through former judge TV Chalapathi Rao. He had earlier utilised the services of the two judges to secure bail for suspended police officer (OSD) Sarveshwar Reddy. \"Pattabhirama Rao, who was then special judge for the ACB court, Hyderabad, had granted bail to Sarveshwar Reddy by taking a bribe of Rs 10 lakh. I paid Rs 1 lakh to Chalapathi Rao for brokering the deal,\" he revealed to the ACB.When Chalapathi Rao was again approached in Gali Janaradhan Reddy's case, he responded positively and demanded Rs 10 crore. \"The former judge demanded Rs five crore each for himself and Pattabhirama Rao to grant bail to the mining baron. I called up Somasekhar and said that bail will be granted if they are willing to pay Rs 20 crore. In that, Rs 10 crore was for both the judges, Rs five crore for myself and Rs five crore towards expenditure in the HC,\" Yadagiri said.Later, to instill confidence among Gali's family members that they were indeed serious about the deal, Chalapathi Rao took the CBI judge's son Ravi Chandra to Masab Tank on May 10 and met Somasekhar Reddy.A day later, Pattabhirama Rao granted bail to Janardhan Reddy and Somasekhar Reddy gave Rs 4.5 crore stuffed in nine bags to Yadagiri Rao at Dasapalla hotel. Of that amount, Yadagiri Rao gave Rs three crore to Chalapathi Rao. Subsequently, Somasekhar Reddy gave Rs 6.5 crore to Yadagiri between May 14 and 18. However, the history-sheeter did not give this money to Chalapathi or Pattabhi and kept it for himself.From that money, Yadagiri paid Rs 36 lakh to one Nakka Subbaiah, a retired government employee of Flat No 105, Praveen Plaza, Malkajgiri. He also paid Rs 6.54 lakh to Sri Bhavani Jewellers in Nacharam and got his mortgaged gold released. He also paid Rs 20 lakh to one Ravinder Reddy to purchase a house opposite his residence in Nacharam.Yadagiri bought a Swift car in the name of his driver's brother B Nagaraju by paying Rs 8.1 lakh and paid Rs 10 lakh to his advocate Sharat Kumar.\"When I told Sharat about the deal, he advised me to leave the state to escape arrest and assured me that he will file a petition for anticipatory bail,\" Yadagiri said. Based on his advice, Yadagiri went to Tirupati, Chennai, Mumbai, Thiruvanantapuram, Madurai, Kanchipuram, Kanyakumari, Kochi, Mysore and Bangalore. Finally, the ACB sleuths arrested him at Aramgarh X Roads on June 2 when he arrived in the city.\"All this while, I was in touch with my advocate Sharat Kumar,\" he added. The history-sheeter used five mobile numbers to talk to various people while on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14814132", "title": "Chandu Budhera water plant hits 'tomb block'", "text": "GURGAON: The completion of the Chandu Bhudhera water treatment plant has hit a major roadblock with a dilapidated tomb of a Muslim saint inside the complex coming in the way of one of the underground water tanks, crucial to the plant. Top HUDA officials have also admitted that the tomb has become a hurdle for one of the tanks.With the date of commissioning of the plant scheduled for the end of August, the HUDA officials are now frantically working for a feasible solution. \"At the time of planning and designing the plant, it was already known that the tomb falls in the construction area but no decision was taken then. But now something has to be done,\" said a senior HUDA official.The authority has plans to shift the tomb outside the plant premises, however, no final decision has yet been taken. The tomb is located close to an underground water tank where raw water will be stored once the plant starts functioning. The issue of the tomb was discussed in a recent meeting in which financial commissioner S S Dhillon had sought details of of the project, including solutions and causes of delay.According to the authority officials, no record or detail is available about the saint's tomb but villagers had been visiting it for several decades.The officials have also held a meeting with the villagers and discussed the plan to shift the tomb from its present location. \"So far we have not witnessed any resistance but the work of shifting the tomb will begin once we get the clearance from competent authorities,\" said the HUDA official. The officials claimed that the villagers have no objection to shifting the tomb, but there is no consensus on the new location.\"Ideally, it should be at a place where devotees can reach easily and at the same time it should not come in the way of the plant operations,\" said an another authority official.HUDA is racing against time to complete the plant, which once operational, will bolster the city's water supply. The plant will add 20MGD to the water storage capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14813501", "title": "Assess your own property to pay tax", "text": "KOLKATA: If an effort to do away with the inspector raj and make property tax collection transparent, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) are set to introduce a system that the civic officials believe will make tax-paying easier and at the same time generate more revenue.After the new method is introduced, corporation inspectors won't visit the tax-payers' properties as they do now. Instead, they (the tax-payers) will make a self-assessment of their properties and fill in the \"self-declaration\" forms sent to them by the KMC for annual valuation (AV) of their property. The corporation will only charge 10% of the annual valuation of the property, which will be revised every six years, as property tax. This is applicable only if there's been no addition or alteration of the property between two assessment years.If the houseowner makes a construction or alters any feature of his/ her property, he/ she'll then have to mention it in the self-assessment form. If he defaults and his statement doesn't match with reality, the civic body might charge a high penalty. The KMC will also send an objection form where the taxpayer can explain the grounds of his objection to the existing tax rate.Those who accept a flat 10% hike on AV (in case where the status of the building remains unchanged) will be sent a revised tax bill. For assessees who have made changes (additions or alterations) on their premises will be sent a fresh tax bill based on their declarations. And those who don't will submit the objection form that will then go to the KMC assessment department for special hearing by the KMC-appointed officials.\"The idea is to do away with the existing inspector raj and keep faith on the taxpayers in a bid to make the system transparent,\" said mayor-in-council in charge of the KMC revenue department Debabrata Majumder. \"We want the tax-payers to come forward and clear their dues. To encourage them to pay taxes on time, we should not make unjustified hike in property taxes,\" he added.The move is being viewed as a precursor to the unit area-based assessment system instead of the existing general revaluation (GR). However, the switch to the unit area-based system is yet to come because the KMC has not been able to mop up pending taxes and update to the extent that it can close the account before switching over to the new system.Civic bosses are busy updating property tax records of more than 5 lakh assesses. \"Keeping in mind the UAA system, we had stopped GR of the assessees. Now we want to update the records which will pave the way for introduction of the UAA system,\" an official of the KMC assessment-collection department said. The KMC assessment department will scrutinize the self-assessment forms and tally the information with the building department data. \"If we find anomalies with the forms, we may send inspectors to find out the truth,\" an official said. Once the news system (self-declaration) comes into effect, revenue generation for the civic body will increase significantly, felt Majumder. \"This will be a transparent system and will fetch more revenue than we are collecting now,\" the MMiC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814343", "title": "India fends off Unesco pressure to implement Western Ghats report", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has warded off pressure from Unesco to implement the controversial Western Ghats report as a pre-condition to the 'World Heritage' tag. Western Ghats sites have been declared as World Heritage but without any additional restrictions on development as suggested by the Western Ghats Ecology Experts Panel - something states such as Karnataka and Kerala have been complaining about unaware of the Centre's intervention in the UN.With a day to go before the Unesco meeting was to decide on the Western Ghats heritage tag proposal - which was pending fire since 2002 -- the UN panel recommended that the decision be again deferred until the Indian government explained how it had integrated the recommendations of the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel into its plans for the region.The Unesco panel on heritage list recommended that India should \"review the scope and composition of the current serial nomination to take account of any recommendations of the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel or other relevant information, in order to reflect the full spectrum of ecological and biodiversity values of the Western Ghats, and to further enhance the protection of the values of the nominated property\".But the officers of environment ministry reacted quickly to intervene officially. They pointed out that though the report had been submitted, it was still under process within the government and a fait accompli could not be imposed. The Indian intervention noted that even while putting out the report for public comments, the central government had noted that the panel's recommendations had not been accepted so far.The intervention by the environment ministry ensured that the objections to the Indian proposal for tagging Western Ghats sites as World Heritage were removed and the listing approved.State governments have been up in arms against the proposal just as several other stakeholders including industry and forest dwellers groups are wary of any new legal regime being imposed in the name of conservation of forests. While the industry is wary that the tag could bring greater scrutiny on industrial projects in the mine-rich area, tribal activists are concerned that the conservation agenda would mean another attempt to divest the poor of their yet to be recorded rights in the forests.By keeping the Western Ghats report disentangled from the World Heritage tag, the Centre has ensured that even if it implements the report later, in complete or in parts, the strong recommendations of the expert panel do not become binding even before it processes it.The environment ministry has, as TOI reported on Tuesday, decided to set up a committee under an eminent scientist and comprising of experts, state representatives and union government, to review the recommendations of the WGEEP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814497", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee expects voting to be on party lines", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee expects voting for the presidential election to take place on party lines with no scope for any conscience vote given that the electoral college is dominated by electors with clear cut political affiliations.\"What is a conscience vote?\" Mukherjee asked at an informal interaction with the media on Tuesday, elaborating that the number of independent voters in the presidential election was negligible. \"MLAs and MPs are elected on party lines. They will vote on those lines,\" he said.In a relaxed interaction, marked with banter on both sides, Mukherjee firmly steered clear of prickly subjects like Trinamool leader Mamata Banerjee's opposition to him and charges of alleged violation of office of profit rules leveled by the P A Sangma campaign.\"I am not commenting on the behaviour of others,\" he said when asked about Sangma's demand that the nomination papers be scrutinized afresh. \"I have said what I had to say,\" he added about Trinamool's stance.\"I am touring the states thanking those who have supported me and seeking the support of others,\" he said. About support from opposition parties, Mukherjee had an interesting exchange to offer when he recounted his conversation with Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar . \"He rather cryptically said he was ready to welcome the President rather than a presidential candidate,\" Mukherjee said.Mukherjee's visit to Patna is bound to highlight differences between Janata Dal (U) and BJP but the former finance minister said he has visited 16 states in the course of his campaign. A dinner hosted by Congress president Sonia Gandhi for Mukherjee is expected to be held on July 17 or 18.The UPA candidate jocularly said he had to see how he adjusted to a more sedate life after being a 24x7 politician. He said his interaction with the media would not be ruled out as certain provisions had been drafted during A P J Abdul Kalam's tenure as president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812134", "title": "Finalize Bandra fair norms by August 4, says HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has set a time-bound plan for the BMC to frame a policy for the stalls and road traffic diversion during the annual Mount Mary Church Bandra fair. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar asked the BMC to come out with a draft policy by July 20 and finalize the policy after inviting suggestions and comments by August 4.The BMC assured the court that Rebello playground would not be used to house stalls or for other commercial activities during the duration of the fair.The ten-day fair is held every year in September. The litigation in the case goes back to 2010 when local residents filed a PIL against the BMC's permission for allowing stalls at the fair which leads to chaotic traffic in the area. They said that students in the area faced problems and due to the traffic jams even emergency vehicles could not use the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14817243", "title": "Youngsters becoming insomniacs by choice", "text": "INDORE: Staying awake till late night to watch her favourite serials on TV and reading e-books has become a daily routine for Prachi Sharma, 21, a B Com student. But then, Prachi is not the only one to have been doing so. There are a number of youngsters who have adapted themselves to the nocturnal lifestyle in the city. And when it turns into a habit, psychiatry describes the condition as 'insomnia.'\"I don't like sleeping early. I watch English serials on my computer, and also read e-books before I hit the sack,\" says Prachi Sharma.Pratik Sisodiya, an engineering student, attributes the cause for his sleeplessness to his studies and does not mind the tag of 'late riser.'\"I have always heard that early risers get better grades in exams, and even become successful professionals. But as per the new perception, the late risers are more smart and creative people with better sense of humor. And I don't mind coming in the second category.\"Poor sleep or lifestyle habits like erratic timings of going to bed, daytime napping, poor sleeping environment (too much noise or light) and using mobile phones while in bed lead to insomnia,\" say experts.Pali Rastogi, a city-based psychiatrist believes that the number of people prone to sleeplessness is increasing. This includes a large number of young people.\"There has been an increase of almost 25 per cent as compared to that of the last year in the number of youngsters suffering from insomnia,\" he said, adding that insomnia also gives rise to many psychological problems such as low efficiency rate, slow reaction time and risk of depression as well as problems related to blood pressure.Gauri Kotasthane, a mass communication student, has a very scary angle to share. She says that she has been getting sleeplessness owing to her fascination for late horror shows on TV. \"Because of this, I am unable to get proper sleep,\" says Gauri, adding that she keeps her eyes open out of fear for long hours.Tapan Pandey, a student, believes that an adequate amount of sleep is important for the proper functioning of the body. He opines, \"People should not compromise on their sleep because of unnecessary habits like late night chatting and watching TV.\"An engineering student, Ekant Sharma is being diagnosed for the sleeplessness.\"I am suffering from insomnia for the last one year. After my parents noticed me going sleepless for four days continuously recently, they decided to take me to a doctor for diagnosis. Soon, I am going to get admitted to hospital for this problem.\"Abhay Paliwal, assistant officer, psychiatry branch, MGM College says, \"Teenagers usually suffer from relationship problems which lead to emotional stress causing problems related to sleeplessness deprivation.\"The percentage count has gone up to 50 as compared to the last five years. Students, now-a-days, have immense pressure of studies, which makes it impossible for them to do physical activities. This is a major factor which leads to insomnia.Dr Ramgulam Rajdam, a senior psychiatrist, also believes that there has been an increase in the number of young patients complaining about insomnia in the last three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817944", "title": "Blend of fashion and art at this do", "text": "Designer Kallol Datta's installation work, KallolCulture, opened recently at a city art centre. The emotive and metaphorical work exhibited the ethno-grunge culture in design and fashion through varying narratives and installations.The dominant themes explored through the characteristic of designs are varied, blurred, muted and outspoken. Kallol effortlessly blended fashion and art through this show. We spotted Moon Moon Sen, Abhishek Dutta , Rita Bhimani, Kishore Bhimani and Pinky Kenworthy at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812393", "title": "Campal-Miramar jog their way to good health", "text": "PANAJI: Residents of the Campal-Miramar area should not have any fitness complaints. The area will soon have as many as five parks with three already completed.A large La Campala Joggers' park is in the works. According to CCP Councillor Surendra Furtado, the La Campala Joggers Park is and is partially complete. It is being built at a cost of Rs 3 cr and the cost includes lighting, equipment, landscaping and other civil works.Furtado said the work is pending due to unavailability of workers. Mayor of Panaji Vaidehi Naik said the monsoon was also a factor in the delay.There are three smaller parks in the area. The Caculo colony Park and Nina Pinto colony park which have been built at a cost of Rs 1 cr each are at a distance of less than 100 mts from each other. They are however meant for different age groups. The Caculo Colony Park is meant as a relaxation park for senior citizens and is lined with benches. It also includes a walking track.The Nina Pinto Colony Park includes a physiotherapy pebbled pathway, an outdoor gym and a skating rink.The Albamar park opposite the Dhempe College contains children's amusement infrastructure as well as a multipurpose court. It was completed at a cost of Rs 1 cr.The Lakeview Lake in the La Campala colony area is also being developed at a cost of Rs 2.5 crore. A track has been planned around the lake as well as community space. However, work on this is progressing at a slow pace. Apparantly the same contractor is handling both the lake development as well as the La Campala jogger's park.Besides the parks, some gardens in area have also been refurbished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813099", "title": "Two policemen suspended for station suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after 46-year-old handyman Humayun set himself ablaze in front of Kanathur police station after being detained for questioning, the department on Tuesday suspended two policemen.South zone joint commissioner of police K P Shanmugarajeswaran ordered suspension of special sub-inspector Raja and constable Lakshmanan. The orders were issued by police inspector N Rajendran.Officials said the suspension was a part of disciplinary action against the policemen as they failed to guard a suspect in the police station.The Kanathur police had on Monday registered a case under Section 176 of the CrPC (inquiry by a judicial magistrate in case of unnatural, sudden or suspicious death in police custody). Tambaram judicial magistrate Jeevanandam was assigned to probe the case. The magistrate visited the police station and questioned the two policemen, Raja and Lakshmanan, who were at the station when Humayun committed suicide.Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Tuesday announced that Rs 2 lakh would be given to Humayun's family as compensation. The state government ordered police to take precautions and prevent such incidents in the future.Police had picked up Humayun and his friend Shoukath Ali at 2pm on Sunday on a complaint by Geetha Perumalsamy of Kanathur. In her complaint, Geetha Perumalsamy said Humayun and Ali came to her house on Sunday morning for some carpentry work.Perumalsamy said she could not find the 4gm gold ear stud she had kept on a table after Humayun and Ali left the house. After questioning the two men, police freed Ali but refused to let Humayun go.Humayun grabbed a bottle of kerosene and a match box that were left in the room that he had been confined and ran outside the station. He doused himself with kerosene and lit a match in front of the sub-inspector and constable. Humayun died of burn injuries at Kilpauk Medical College Hospital early on Monday. His relatives said he committed suicide because he was humiliated by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812698", "title": "Ex-MLC threatens to stage dharna at Chanchalguda jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: After YS Vivekananda Reddy, it was the turn of former MLC Rehman to create a ruckus at the Chanchalguda central prison on Tuesday for being denied permission to meet YSR CP leader Jaganmohan Reddy. Despite being a minority leader, he was not allowed to meet Jagan, Rehman said. \"I will come back on Friday. If they deny permission again, we will stage a dharna in front of the jail,\" Rehman threatened.Former Congress MLA from Bhanswada in Nizamabad district, Bajireddy Goverdhan Reddy, who is with the YSR CP now, also came to the jail on Tuesday. The prison authorities allowed him into the administrative complex and explained him that it would not be possible to allow him to meet Jagan. Goverdhan Reddy was accompanied by another YSR CP leader Janak Prasad.Apart from YSR CP leaders, who come to call on Jagan everyday, hordes of people from various parts of the state come expecting that they could just walk into the prison and have a word with Jagan.Goverdhan Reddy said on Monday, 300 supporters of Jagan had come to the city all the way from Hindupur but they were stopped by the police at Bahadurpura and now allowed to come near the Chanchalguda jail.As per 'mulaqat' procedure, a visitor's details are entered at a register kept in front of the jail and the visitor is given a token number. Jagan's supporters get their names written in the jail and expect to be called inside. Some even wait throughout the day. Recently, a supporter of Jagan, who came from Srikakulam along with his father, almost walked into the main gate of the prison when someone else was being let in. He thought it was as easy as walking through the gate to meet Jagan. The local police, however, sent him away after realising that he was trying to enter the jail without permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14812550", "title": "Minor escapes after forcible marriage", "text": "TRICHY: A 17-year-old minor girl escaped from the custody of her family after she was forced into marriage to a 27-year-old youth. The incident took place in Bharathiyar Nagar, Manapparai in Trichy district on Monday morning.Police said, the girl, whose identity was not disclosed was the daughter of Sundari and Murugan. As Murugan had left his family a few years back due to domestic problems, the mother and daughter were surviving with the help of one Mani, who was running a vehicle body building coach. It was said that Murugan was working in the coach company.On Monday, Sundari, Mani and his wife Selvi made secret arrangements to conduct the girl's marriage to Jacob Varun Kumar from Trichy. Kumar was the nephew of Mani. Despite the girl's refusal, Kumar forcefully tied a 'mangalsutra' on Monday morning. Later, all of them, including Kumar left Sundari's house, where the marriage took place, after locking it outside to prevent the girl from escaping. However, she sought help from a neighbour over phone who helped her escape from the house in the evening.The girl then went to the Manapparai police station and lodged a complaint with the police about the incident. Police arrested Kumar and registered a case under the Prohibition of Child Marriage Act - 2006. However, the rest of them including her mother are on the run. The police have registered cases against Sundari, Mani and his wife Selvi.The girl was later handed over to Childline, Trichy where she was given protection till Tuesday. As per a direction from the Manapparai judicial magistrate court, Childline produced the girl before the child welfare committee, Trichy. The girl will now be given shelter by the child welfare committee, said A Albert Manoharan, co-ordinator of Childline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14818207", "title": "Farah fumes over 'Joker' song leak", "text": "Farah Khan and director Shirish Kunder are fuming. A song titled I want Fakht you from their up coming film Joker was leaked online a day ago. Sung by Sunidhi Chauhan the song is a highlight of the film and picturised over Chitrangdha Singh was available on several Bollywood websites and forum since Tuesday late night.However, this song that is leaked is an old version of the song. The music directors Vishal-Shekhar had changed the name of the song from I want fakht you to I want just you . A source reveals, \"The song that is out is quite old. They in fact re-recorded a few lines and changed the word fakth to just . Sunidhi is quite upset because she had spent time recording the song all over again.\"Both Shirish and Farah took to their Twitter accounts expressing their anger over this development. Farah said, \"What the **** !! just found out that our Joker song has bn leaked on You tube!! Will get a heart attack 2day 4 sure!!. We had changed the I want fakht u 2 I want Just you sometime ago! this is the old version thts leaked.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "dantewada", "code": "14814225", "title": "Orphans of Maoist violence find a home in Dantewada", "text": "DANTEWADA: Six-year-old Shiva Yadav sang softly to Shahid Khan, about two-and-half-years-old, trying to lull him to sleep. Their mothers \u2014 Vime Yadav and Kureshia Begum \u2014 were busy chopping vegetables for dinner of 250 children at Dantewada's Aastha hostel in south Chhattisgarh. Vime is a cook and Kureshia works as a peon at the state government-run Aastha. They landed the jobs after their husbands were killed in a landmine blast in 2009.Like Shiva and Shahid, their fathers were friends. \"They had gone to Kerlapal to buy fowls. While they were returning home, the vehicle carrying four people blew up in a landmine blast triggered by the Maoists,\" said Vime.Aastha is home to around 127 girls and 123 boys who are orphans from villages of Dantewada and surrounding districts of Chhattisgarh ravaged by Maoist violence. Parents of many of the children were killed by Maoists.Kamla Curram (14) studies in class IX. She left her home in Konta's Chittalguda village in the Maoist heartland and came to Aastha in 2007 after her father was killed by Maoists and her mother died of malaria in 2006.Speaking to TOI, Kamla said, \"The Maoists came to the village at night and took away my father along with five other villagers to the jungle. They were hacked to death. We found him next morning.\"She is scared everytime she returns to the village during summer vacation. She is determined though not to let the fear get the better of her. \"I sing when I feel depressed,\" she said. She dreams of becoming a doctor.Her friend Podiyam Anita (15), from Konta's Murliguda village, shudders everytime she remembers her father who was a farmer. He was an SPO but later quit. \"He had gone to Konta when they (Maoists) abducted him. We searched for him everywhere, but could not find him. After a week, we found his body in the forest. There were worms crawling on his body,\" said Anita.Sushma Das, in charge of the girls at Aastha, said, \"Both girls have a good voice. So, we arranged for a teacher to give them music lessons.\"After the children come to Aastha from villages they are coached for admission to schools. \"We want to make use of the Right to Education in case of these children,\" said Dantewada collector O P Chowdhury.Aastha inmates currently study in various schools, including Kendriya Vidyalaya. \"The older children are coached for various entrance tests,\" said Ramesh Baghel, in charge of the boys at the hostel.In 2011, Chowdhury started a project called, Chhoo lo Aasman, to coach children from remote Maoist-hit villages in science and mathematics. \"In Bastar, there is an acute shortage of good science and mathematics teachers. So, we selected teachers with proven track record in these subjects and housed them at residential schools for those who want to study science after class X,\" said Chowdhury.Currently, around 180 girls and 140 boys are coached in science subjects at residential schools at Karli and Balood in Dantewada. All expenses are borne by the state government.At Karli, Veena Podiyam is among the girls who cleared the pharmacy entrance test. She also appeared in the medical entrance test. In January, her brother died in police custody in Sukma. He was picked up by the CRPF on the suspicion that he was a Maoist and handed over to district police. It was alleged that he committed suicide in the police lock-up. Rights activists alleged he was killed by police who tortured him.Monika Jatre of Sukma's Chhindgarh village has grown up battling terror and seeing villagers killed by Maoists. \"I don't want to go to my village,\" she said. The class XI student has enrolled in for science coaching and is studying hard for pharmacy, nursing and medical entrance tests at the Karli residential school.(This is the third part of a four-part series)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814415", "title": "Who 8 my seat!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The delimitation of assembly seats in Gujarat has threatened the political future of at least eight ministers of the Narendra Modi cabinet. It is a case of who-moved-myseat-when-I-stood-up kind of a poser from ministers as Gujarat goes to an assembly poll latest by December 2012.Delimitation has majorly impacted the demography of at least 60 seats - one-third in a House of 182. Their pocketboroughs entirely lost or frighteningly altered, they are scurrying to find cover, or safer seats. North Gujarat, Modi's homeground and favoured region, is the most hit. Four of the eight threatened ministers are from north Gujarat - Anandiben Patel (revenue), Nitin Patel (urban development), Jay Narayan Vyas (health) and Fakirbhai Vaghela (social justice). Other affected ministers are Pradeepsinh Jadeja (MoSlaw), Parshottam Solanki (fisheries), Jaswant Bhabhor (tribal development) and Dilip Sanghani (law).Nitin Patel's Kadi and Jadeja's Asarwa constituencies have been reserved for scheduled castes, which they are not. Naturally, they have to hunt for a safer seat. Both Patel and Jadeja want to shift to Ahmedabad. Patel would prefer Sabarmati or Naranpura seats and Jadeja is homing in on eastern Ahmedabad.Solanki is not so lucky as Gogha, his constituency, has disappeared off the Election Commision map. Same is the case with Bhabhor, who gets elected from Randhikpur in Panchmahals. Solanki wants to shift to Bhavnagar (rural) to take on leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil who is also headed there. Bhabhor doesn't know what to do and where to go. In the remaining four cases, the new caste combinations works to their disadvantage post-delimitation. As per the results of their assembly segments in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, the first to be held post-delimitation, the BJP candidates were trailing badly.In Anandiben Patel's case, Patan's Patel villages have dipped and Thakor (OBC) villages have risen. She is the only minister to have got a green signal from Modi to focus on a safe seat in Ahmedabad - Ghatlodia is preferred.But others are not as lucky. Siddhpur, Vyas's seat, too has had an influx of Thakor, Dalit and Muslim voters. Vyas will have to be rescued by Modi, himself a principal benefiary of delimitation in Maninagar, with lesser Muslim and Christian voters, notwithstanding his Sadbhavana overtures.Vaghela faces more Thakor and Muslim presence in Vadgam. He would like to press exit and move closer to Ahmedabad, perhaps in Asarva or Dasada which are also reserved. Amreli seat now has less Patel and more Durbar votes, making the situation unteneble for Sanghani, who seems confused as of now.Incidently, the BJP president R C Faldu's Kalawad constituency has also been reserved for the SC. The party president is himself on a look-out. Sitting BJP MLAs really need to watch out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812630", "title": "Government to open outlets to sell drugs cheap", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what could revolutionize healthcare in the state, the AP Health, Medical Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APHMH&IDC;) is all set to sell 341 important drugs at select outlets at a discount ranging from 30% to 84% on the maximum retail price (MRP).The 341 drugs cater to curing about 85 per cent of the known ailments including diabetes, blood pressure and fever. \"Both generic and branded drugs are available in the market but there is a huge price differential between the two. We want to promote the generic drugs as is being done in the developed countries,\" APHM &HIDC; MD J Shyamala Rao told TOI. The drugs that will be sold in these outlets are made by pharma majors such as Ranbaxy, Cipla, Wockhardt, Mankind and Biochem.The retail outlets, christened Jeevanadhara, have already been opened on an experimental basis at Osmania General Hospital (OGH) and Gandhi Hospital in Hyderabad and at select shops in Visakhapatnam. \"In about two months time, Jeevanadhara outlets will be opened at Niloufer (Fever, Maternity) hospitals and Nims in Hyderabad, at Rims in Adilabad, Kadapa and Srikakulam, SWIMS and Ruia Hospital in Tirupati, MGM Hospital in Warangal, and district headquarters hospitals in Nizamabad, Mahbubnagar and Ongole,\" Shyamala Rao said.The official said the grand plan is to set up Jeevanadhara outlets in every town by roping in unemployed pharmacy graduates, trusts and reputed NGOs. \"When the programme was launched in 2010, only 202 drugs were available. Now the number has gone up to 341. This number may further go up,\" Shyamala Rao said. Very soon, according to the official, drugs to cure and combat cancer too will be available in these outlets.As for the discount, Shyamala Rao said they vary from 30% to 84%. \"Attenol (50mg), a popular drug for BP patients, will be available at a discount of 73% discount. While the MRP of a strip of 10 tablets of this drug in the open market is Rs 32. 50, at the Jeevandhara outlets, it will cost a mere Rs10. Similarly, Acelopara, a drug manufactured by Alkem and sold for Rs 45 per strip in the open market, will be sold at Rs 8, thus giving an 84% discount. The MRP of Intas produced B-Complex syrup (200 ml) is Rs 65 per bottle. In Jeevadhara outlets, it will be available at Rs 33 with a discount of 49%,\" Rao said.Studies conducted by the state government have established that 65 per cent of the total healthcare expenditure incurred by an average family in the state goes towards the purchase of drugs. \"The objective of opening Jeevanadhara outlets is to reduce the healthcare burden of the poor in the state by offering them drugs at nominal prices,\" Shyamala Rao said.Impressed by the AP model, the Kerala government has already launched a similar retail drugs outlet chain by the name 'Karunyam'. In the state, the APHM&HIDC; hopes to make available such drugs in all the major cities and towns in the next couple of months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813993", "title": "Teacher arrested for raping 14-year-old girl", "text": "NEW DELHI: A teacher has been arrested for allegedly raping a 14-year-old girl over a period of four years. The incident has been reported from Hauz Qazi area in central Delhi.According to police, the accused, Shailendra Singh (42), had been taking the girl to hotels in North Delhi where he raped her. He even threatened to upload her pictures on the web if she told anyone about it.The incident came to light after the accused made a call to the victim's sister and said inappropriate things. She told her parents about it after which they confronted the victim.The victim, a Class IX student, broke down and narrated the incident to her parents as to how the accused had exploited her, police said. The cops recorded her statement and sent her for a medical examination after which a case of rape was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812349", "title": "Gudumba mafia edges retailers out of Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: The recent sale of liquor shops elicited poor response in the Old City as illicit liquor sale has been giving retail traders here a run for their money. The gudumba mafia has been thriving for years right under the nose of police and excise officials.According to trade sources, the demographics of the Old City present a problem for liquor businessmen. \"Owing to resistance to liquor shops in several areas, the outlets are restricted to smaller areas where they eat into profits of each other,\" they said. The retail shops are mainly concentrated in Gowlipura and surrounding areas. There are 12 shops under the Charminar excise station. Gowlipura has four shops, Aliabad and Chandrayangutta two each while Uppuguda, Shah Ali Banda, Kishan Bagh and Ghansi Bazaar have one each. Under the Malakpet station limits there are 11 liquor shops.During the recent sale of shops, five under the Charminar excise station limits and three shops in the Malakpet limits found no takers. Two shops in Gowlipura and one shop in Aliabad were among those which also saw no buyers.Noting that illicit liquor trade is thriving in the same areas where the shops are located, the source said that the fear of making loses in a competitive atmosphere is the main deterrent for retailers in addition to the exorbitant Rs 1.04 crore licence fee.Sources in the excise department said that excise stations have large jurisdictions and are often short staffed. The problem cannot be tackled by them alone, they claimed. Citing Chatrinaka police station as an example under whose jurisdiction illicit liquor shops are aplenty, they said that without the support of the local police it is not possible to rein in these gudamba sellers who are mostly women. Excise stations do not have women constables, which makes arrests difficult, the sources claimed.Asked about the staffing pattern, inspector, Charminar excise and prohibition station, K Bharat Bhushan replied that there are 12 employees with one vacancy. \"Charminar has eight police stations under its jurisdiction but the staff strength is lesser than other police stations,\" he said. When quizzed about taking women sellers into custody, he said that it indeed posed a problem. \"Women often threaten to slash or kill themselves. Male constables cannot handle them fearing allegations. A seller near Falaknuma Palace almost stripped herself when we went to stop the sale of liquor. We need the support of the local police in such cases,\" he said.A senior police official admitted that crackdown on the illicit liquor sale happens sometimes during festival time but otherwise both the cops and the excise officials \"allow\" the trade to go on. \"Strictly speaking,the responsibility of controlling the sale of gudumba is that of the excise officials. Te police also books cases as it has the authority. The crackdown usually takes place during Bonalu festivities but other times both the excise and police officials are looking the other way,\" he said on the condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14817868", "title": "Watch out! Killer on the loose", "text": "LUDHIANA: Power department of Ludhiana is playing with the lives of people in city as in many parts of town, electric high tension wires can be seen hanging dangerously low on the roofs of houses giving an open invitation to avoidable accidents. And residents, reeling under perennial threat of old, loose and hanging electric wires, are practically getting nightmares.The gravity of the situation can be gauged from the fact that some parts of the city are increasingly reporting incidents of electrocution, where people have received serious injuries and some have even died. Apart from major incidents of electrocution, incidents of people receiving electric shock too are very frequent. It seems that these accidents in different parts of the city are not enough to raise the power department from deep slumber, as it has repeatedly failed to take stock of loose and hanging wires that are there in different parts of the city.However, playing the blame game, power officials claim these incidents take place only due to negligence of residents and it has nothing to do with department.With the power department deciding against shifting overhead wires underground, residents expressed their fear about incidents of electrocution.A businessman and resident of Model Town, Krishan Puri, suggested, \"The authorities should start laying the wires underground in order to avoid incidents of electrocution.\" On the other hand, power officials claim, \"The incidents of electrocution take place due to negligence of residents. When people know that high tension wires are passing through an area, they should be careful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14814263", "title": "Councillors trained in computers", "text": "GURGAON: The municipal corporation, on Monday, organized a training camp for its councillors on how to use the MCG website. A similar training will be provided to RWA members and some NGOs by the MCG on Tuesday.The councillors were shown how to download and upload pictures and information, and also how to track garbage vehicles using the global positioning system (GPS).However, it appears that not a lot of councillors were interested in the training, as only 16 out of 35 councillors attended it. \"We organized the training since a lot of councillors face difficulty in accessing our website. The training is being given free of cost at our office and we want more and more people to use this facility,\" said a spokesperson.\"We are mainly teaching them how to view the various projects going on in their respective wards and see the development on a day to day basis. Residents too can lodge a complaint, get birth or death certificates and also track vehicles that carry garbage. We would like a majority of the residents to avail the facilities so that there would be more transparency and accountability,\" he added.He said that there were several links and facilities on the portal which but the councilors and residents are not able to make full use of them as most of them do not know how to use them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14815272", "title": "Landslides keep Ladakh tourists away from HP", "text": "Suresh SharmaMANALI: Landslides and poor condition of roads along the Chandigarh-Manali-Leh highway are taking a toll on tourism in Himachal as most of the tourists heading towards Ladakh are either choosing the Srinagar route or taking a direct flight from Delhi.According to sources, Himachal Pradesh , especially Manali town, may have to suffer the brunt of negligence by government in maintenance of its highways. Hundreds of landslides in Mandi and Kullu districts for over last two years, which blocked the highways for hours, have created a scary image in the minds of people. The situations have not changed till now. And those who don't want themselves to be in trouble don't want to travel enroute Himachal Pradesh.As 80 percent tourists visit Delhi before starting their onward journey to Ladakh, travel agents in Delhi have a clear data that what the tourists are planning for monsoon vacations. \"Whenever it comes about holidays in Ladakh, customers are asking about the road conditions between Delhi and Leh,\" owner of Global Holidays in Delhi Ashish Kapoor said. \"Customers want to ensure their safe journey and are asking to sign an agreement of safety with them,\" he added.Manali-Rohtang-Leh is the intact route for bikers and jeep safari enthusiasts and cannot find an optional route to this thrilling highway. But it is thousands of couples, families and leisure holidayers who are concerned about being stranded after landslides. Such tourists are opting for flights between Delhi and Leh, which is not only the safe mode of transportation but also saves six precious days in both side journeys. Those who cannot find or afford costly air tickets have an option of Srinagar-Kargil-Leh highway.Rajkumar Mitra, owner of Paramount Tours, says a large number of Indian and foreign tourists have planned their tour to Ladakh and number of tourists visiting Leh may break all previous records this year. He said, \"Four out of ten are enquiring about Ladakh tour. No doubt landslides are the main factors which keep tourists away from Manali during the monsoon. Also, the poor road conditions are playing spoilsport with Delhi-Manali-Leh highway.\" According to him, flight is the best option to avoid all problems relating to surface transport which in return is causing losses to tourism in Himachal Pradesh.Tourists before proceeding to Ladakh always prefer staying in Himachal for some days and help increase the revenue. However, the government always assure tourists of safety and all possible assistance, pathetic road conditions and landslides are showing its adverse impact on tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "14814890", "title": "Fire dept blames government for Mantralaya blaze", "text": "MUMBAI : Even as chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal on Tuesday ruled out the possibility of sabotage in the devastating fire that engulfed Mantralaya on June 21, a preliminary report submitted by municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte is completely silent on the cause of fire .In the 17-page report submitted to Chavan , the fire brigade failed to specify the cause of fire but squarely blamed the government for inordinate delay in informing it that led to the fire spreading all over Mantralaya . \"There was huge delay in informing the fire brigade. Our team did reach the spot immediately but it was too late , since the entire fourth floor was engulfed with fire . Even the fourth , fifth and sixth floors were on blaze ,\" a senior official said .The report said that the fire spread very fast as highly combustible wooden material was used for cabin partitions with flammable varnish and polish coats . Also, haphazard storage of large quantity of papers and files in all cabins and on all floors and combustible material without fire break in all wings of the building enabled the fire to spread . It also spread from high wind velocity due to close vicinity of sea , no access to fire vehicles for fire-fighting operation from the open space in the centre of the main building , unauthorized parking in the open space around Mantralaya , traffic jams on roads leading to Mantralaya , non-working of inbuilt fire righting system and heavy down draft of rotor fan of helicopter , which was called for search and rescue operations .On the delay in rescue operation , the report said there was no initial information about trapped persons inside the building . Narrow access roads within the premises , overhead hanging cable and water pipes and lack of space to deploy jacks of specialised and low-cage capacity of the snorkel also made it difficult.On the charge that inadequate number of vehicles was deployed to contain fire , the report said as per the standard operating procedure , maximum number of fire engines , water tankers and other vehicles were dispatched on brigade call with the proper coverage for other emergencies .On inbuilt fire-fighting system , the report said Mantralaya has only dry riser system and initially , the local fire personnel and maintenance department did not start the fire pump . Also, the emergency power supply of the fire pump was shut down , the nozzle of the hose reels were missing , while landing valves of the riser were under lock and key . The fire pump was not on auto mode and local fire personnel did not know how to operate it.\"As the inbuilt fire-fighting system was inoperative , it was carried out by the resources available with the brigade ,\" the official said .Government GuttedJune 21, 2:46pm | First call to fire brigade2:47pm | Fire brigade officials arrive2:49pm | Request for 4 fire engines2:50pm | Fire engines arrive2:54pm | First message for more fire engines3pm | Second message for 4 more engines3:02pm | Another message for 4 additional engines, a total of 12 fire engines3:04pm | Message for 4 more fire engines3:05pm | Rescue begins, 5-6 persons rescued3:25pm | 55 persons trapped on 5th and 6th floors rescued with the help of snorkels3:29pm | Another snorkel deployed for rescue on the west side3:50pm | 6-7 persons trapped on terrace, who retrieved the national flag, rescued4:04pm | Chief fire office requests for maximum number of fire engines, water tankers and other fire-fighting equipment4:12pm | Other fire services told to help4:13pm | Fire-fighting operation continues on fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh floors on all sides with 11 water lines from inside and 6 water monitor jets from outsideJune 22, 5pm | Fire brought under control9:15pm | Fire-fighting exercise finally endsWhy The Fire SpreadPresence of highly combustible material, LPG cylinders on upper floors Non-working of inbuilt fire-fighting sytem Lack of access to firefighting vehicles Draft of rotor fan of helicopter used for search and rescue operations Narrow spaces hampered rescue operations Fire pump was not on auto mode, local personnel didn't know how to operate it High velocity wind due to close vicinity to the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812658", "title": "Dirty Picture gets pruned for TV viewing", "text": "MUMBAI: Vidya Balan-starrer The Dirty Picture has been cleared by the Central Board of Film Certification for the second time. The film has been issued a UA certificate with more cuts. Though there is no clarity on the film's telecast time, it is learnt that the CBFC certificate does not have a rider like Jannat 2 wherein the producers were specified to show the film after 11pm.A source said, \"Some more scenes and dialogues have been further cut but we really don't know the telecast time of the film. The I&B; ministry may decide on it.'' Director of the film Milan Luthria said, \"I'm not aware of the status of the satellite telecast. We have complied with all CBFC requests, and I'm sure the matter is sorted now.'' The film's telecast was aborted on April 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814165", "title": "Strong winds blow paratrooper from landing site to stadium", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was a mix of panic and excitement for the people and the police officials in the state capital as a paratrooper was spotted over Hazratganj area. Before panic button was actually pressed, the paratrooper landed at KD Singh 'Babu' Stadium. No sooner did the paratrooper land at the stadium, sportspersons practicising there surrounded him out of excitement.Not only the sportspersons, people from outside also rushed inside the stadium to have glimpse of the unusual landing of a paratrooper at the stadium. Amidst chaos and confusion inside the stadium, the police also rushed to the spot and disperse the crowd which gathered around the paratrooper.Talking to TOI, circle officer Hazratganj Dinesh Yadav said, \"The paratrooper was identified as naik Ranjit. The paratrooper had to land in Cantonment area. However, he deviated due to strong wind to the city side.\"Since he couldn't land anywhere else, as most of the city area this side was densely populated, the paratrooper decided to land in the stadium, Yadav said. The police informed the Army officials, who sent a team to escort naik Ranjit back.According to police officials, naik Ranjit was undergoing some training and practise in the Cantonment area as a routine and owing to strong wind pressure, he deviated and then decided to land at the KD Singh 'Babu' Stadium area.Later talking to TOI, district police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey said that the paratrooper was from the unit of Agra and had landed at KD Singh 'Babu' Stadium instead of landing in Cantonment area. He admitted that there was no information with the police or district administration about the movement of paratrooper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14815187", "title": "Trust Big B to set the gold standard", "text": "KOCHI: On Tuesday, shooting began in Mumbai for an advertisement featuring Amitabh Bachchan , Aishwarya Rai and four superstars from the southern film industry. They will be getting their act together to hardsell jewellery, and add A-lister gloss to Kalyan Jewellers' one-liner vishwasam athalle ellaam (trust is paramount) that went viral.In April, TOI had first reported about the jewellery major's move to rope in Bachchan and Aishwarya for their new national advertisement campaign.The move was to buoy Kalyan's plan to expand its operations in Gujarat and other parts of the country.\"The focus will also be on south Indian states. That is the reason why we are contracting actors who are brands in their own right from the respective industry to be part of the campaign with Amitabhji,'' said Sreekumar, CEO and national creative head of Push, the brain behind the campaign.The advt will feature Nagarjuna (for Andhra Pradesh ), Prabhu (for Tamil Nadu ), Shiv Rajkumar (for Karnataka) and Dileep to reach out to his Malayali audience.\"The first schedule was completed on Tuesday,'' said Sreekumar, who filmed the campaign movie for Kochi Tuskers IPL team.The first day's shoot was done in Film City, Mumbai. The set was that of a school. Noted Malayali art director Sabu Cyril had made this special school set for the campaign.\"Amitabhji will be the common factor in all the advts. We are banking on his charisma that appeals to all Indians. The script will be the same for all regional languages. Only the respective heroes will change,'' a source told TOI. Kalyan is also planning a second movie with Aishwarya Rai. It will be filmed next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814525", "title": "Purohit generated input on Pragya Singh 12 days after her name came up, say NIA sources", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lt Col Prasad Purohit may have tried to build a solid defence through his testimony in the Army Court of Inquiry (CoI), but the National Investigation Agency, which is probing his involvement in the 2008 Malegaon blast case, is not amused. The agency claims Purohit has tried to build alibis after realizing he was on the radar for the attacks that killed six and left over a hundred injured in the Muslim-dominated power-loom town.In his CoI testimony, Purohit has claimed that he had actually infiltrated Abhinav Bharat as a Military Intelligence officer and was gathering information on right-wing extremism. Distancing himself from the conspiracy, he has said that he, in fact, generated an input about Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur being involved in the conspiracy three weeks before his arrest.NIA sources said that in all this, Purohit has conveniently omitted certain facts that will call his bluff. An official said, \"What he is not telling anyone is that he generated the input 12 days after Pragya's name had come up in the investigation. Two days later, she had been put on surveillance. Generating an input after that makes no sense unless you are trying to create an alibi having come to know that one of your associates has been identified and you could be the next.\"The blast took place on September 29, 2008. Purohit passed on his information through phone on October 14 that year to the intelligence officer at Jabalpur, Maj Bhagirath Dey, and the commanding officer of Southern Command liaison unit, Col Vinay Panchpore, besides the then intelligence officer at Deolali. This call was followed by a handwritten note of the same information.Sources said if Purohit used this as his defence during trial, it was unlikely to be appreciated by the court given the circumstances.NIA has also picked holes in his claim of infiltrating Abhinav Bharat and generating the input through his informers. Sources said much before the blast and during the time period Purohit claims to have been engaging with his informers from Abhinav Bharat, he was not on MI duty. \"He was sent to a training institute in Pachmarhi to learn Arabic in 2007. What was he doing collecting information on Abhinav Bharat or liaising with it. He was not an agent anymore,\" said the official.Sources further said it was an evidence of Purohit's anxiety that he was unnecessarily delaying the trial and stalling investigations through court litigation. NIA is fighting a battle in Supreme Court to take Purohit's custody. \"If he is innocent, he should face trial and if the evidence is on his side, he will be exonerated. Had things gone on without various litigation, the trial would have been over by now.\"NIA sources said they had collected some more evidence against Purohit beyond the charge sheet filed by Maharashtra ATS in the case. \"We are just waiting to get his custody so that we can question him on these,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814267", "title": "Merit list for MBA and MCA courses announced", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The wait is over for students eyeing a career in Master of Business Administration (MBA) and Master of Computer Applications (MCA).The Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has announced the merit list for MBA and MCA courses. There are a total of 78 MCA colleges with 6,430 seats. And there are 7,388 students in Gujarat who are vying for a berth in these colleges. For MBA wannabes, there are 109 colleges in Gujarat with 12,225 seats. Students hoping to get a seat are 11,677.Last year, when the admission process got over MBA colleges were left to contend with 6,000 empty seats while MCA colleges had 1,500 empty seats. GTU officials are apprehensive that this year too a large number of seats will remain vacant in MBA and MCA colleges.The MBA colleges' merit list is topped by Shivangi Nagar while in MCA the topper is Raunak Patel. In MBA, 555 students and in MCA 97 have been branded as ineligible by GTU \"owing to some technical problems\".\"The first mock round of choice filling will be held between July 11 and 14. During this period students will be allowed to specify their choice of colleges. The merit lists for MBA and MCA students are prepared after taking into account the GCET exams. In MBA, cut-off marks for open category students is 50 per cent while in MCA it is 35 per cent.The cut-off percentages have been decided as per the guidelines of the All India Council for Technical Education,\" said GTU officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14813500", "title": "Getting a hostel seat no cakewalk", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you thought cut-throat competition is limited only to grabbing a seat in a local college, the 'puffed up' merit list of college hostels, with a large number of students have good scores, will take you by surprise. Even 86% marks in Class XII are not enough for outstation students to get a seat in certain college hostels in the city. Over 30 students who had scored between 80- 86% failed to manage a seat in the girls' hostel at Post Graduate Government College for Girls (PGGCG), Sector 42, on Tuesday. The college has 176 seats, of which 89 have been kept aside for first year students.At Post Graduate Government College for Girls (PGGCG), Sector 11 that has 170 hostel seats within its campus and 60 others in nearby colleges, allocation was stopped at 92.4% for B.Sc (non-med stream) and at 73% in arts. The high cut- offs for hostel allocation was a surprise in this college as well.Scores of students had to return disappointed from government and semi-aided colleges of the UT administration on Tuesday as they could not get a hostel seat.A look at the hostel allocation list at DAV College in Sector 10, revealed a similar scenario. All female students who got a hostel seat here had scored above 70% marks (across all streams) in their Class XII exams.\"There were hardly any students below 70% marks who were admitted to hostel,\" said Poonam Sharma, teacher incharge of hostel admission at DAV College. Sangam Kapoor, co-ordinator, hostel admissions at PGGCG, Sector 11, said, \"The hostel seats within the campus got full on Monday, while other hostel seats outside the college are still open.\"On the first day of admissions on Monday, all 400 seats for first year students at MCM DAV College, got filled up. MCM dean admissions, Alka Kansra said, \"We had to turn down students with 89.6% in sciences on Tuesday. Most students who got hostel seats across all disciplines had above 75% marks.\"Day 2: Race for admission continuesAdmission rush continued in local colleges on the second day of counselling on Tuesday, with applicants struggling to get a hostel seat while others jostling to deposit their course fee at college counters.While the centralized admissions for BBA and BCA for government colleges also came to an end, on Tuesday, under the general category, the cut-off for most colleges continued to be on a higher side. Admissions for certain other graduate and post-graduate classes (BA, BCom, BCA and MCom) are still continuing in few colleges, including Post-graduate Government College in Sector 46. The centralized admissions to the BCom course for all colleges affiliated to Panjab University were done online by Panjab University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14817176", "title": "Central Electricity Supply Utility of Orissa plans automatic bill payment kiosks", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Paying electricity bills is set to be a hassle-free and easy process with the Central Electricity Supply Utility of Orissa (CESU) deciding to install 100 automated any time payment (ATP) machines in its area of operation. The machines will accept payment by cash, cheque or debit/credit card 24x7, a CESU official said.\"The user-friendly machine eliminates human interference in payment process and reduces payment time. Some employees would be present at the ATP kiosks to help the customers, in case they have any problem,\" the official said.Explaining the process, a CESU source said a customer can insert cash or an MICR cheque of the required amount into the machine, and the figure will be shown in the screen. After confirming it, the consumers will get an automatically generated receipt like in ATM machines. This can be done at any time in the day.CESU, a government-owned power distributor, distributes electricity to about 15 lakh consumers, which is about one third of the state's population.The coastal parts of the state, including the state capital, are under its area of operation.Now, consumers have to pay their monthly electricity bill at collection counters at various sub-divisions and sections. During peak period of collection, sometimes they have to wait in long queues. Further, the bill can be paid only during the office hours, from 9 am to 5 pm.CESU sources said all the 65 sub-divisions will have at least one ATP kiosk. In the first phase, the machines will be located in urban areas.The CESU has already installed one such machine on an experimental basis, and it has evoked good response from customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14812525", "title": "CPM MLA appears for inquiry over caste row", "text": "MADURAI: CPM MLA A Laser appeared for an RDO inquiry at the Madurai collectorate in connection with a dispute over his caste certificate on Monday. Laser had been elected from Periakulam constituency, reserved for Scheduled Castes. Laser has claimed that he belongs to the Hindu Samban community which comes under the Scheduled Caste and he substantiated the same with a caste certificate issued by the Madurai north taluk office in March 2010.However, BJP candidate for Periakulam M Ganapathi approached the district administration contending that Laser was a Christian, and hence could not be categorised as SC but BC. Based on the complaint, an RDO inquiry was ordered and summons were issued to both of them. Based on the summons, they appeared for the inquiry on Tuesday.Ganapathi charged that the election of Laser was invalid as he furnished a wrong caste certificate because when a dalit converts to Christianity, he cannot be termed as SC but BC. \"We have obtained his primary school certificates through RTI which states that he is Christian. Besides, the TC also says he is Kudumban, a sub-sect of the Pallar community, while he had claimed to be a Samban of Parayar community in the recently provided caste certificate from Madurai tahsildar office,\" he charged. Besides, in the petition he had filed before the Madurai bench against the election of Union Minister M K Alagiri in 2009, Laser has mentioned himself as a Christian in the affidavit, which was contradicting. Hence we need a thorough inquiry into the caste certificate issued to him, Ganapathy said.However, Laser refuted all the allegations of the BJP candidate insisting that he was a Hindu Samban and not Christian. \"The affidavit filed in the Madurai Bench is a clerical error which has been communicated to the court. The confusion in the transfer certificate was committed 50 years ago due to some clerical errors as teachers entered the caste names wrong at that time. I am a Hindu Samban and my election is valid,\" he insisted. As the Madurai RDO was not available on Tuesday, they were asked to appear for the inquiry on July 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812823", "title": "Man run over by train, kin blame Central Railway", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of a 78-year-old man, who was run over by a train near Kanjurmarg station on Tuesday, has alleged that he died because of the railway's delay in getting him medical aid.Railway officials denied the allegation.Lakha Rajput was crossing the tracks when the incident occurred, a Dombivali-bound train run him over. According to his family, Rajput had lost a leg and was bleeding profusely.\"My father was kept on a stretcher on the platform for almost an hour while the authorities completed the formalities,\" . No ambulance was immediately available. The precious golden hour was lost,\"Rajput's son Jagdish said.Rajput's family stays close to the railway station and were informed about the accident by locals. \"We rushed to the platform, where he was kept, and saw him battling for life. He was breathing and could have been saved had an ambulance been brought on time,\" Jagdish's friend said.GRP officials said they had tried to hail an autorickshaw to rush Rajput to the hospital, but the drivers refused to ferry the victim. \"If Rajput's family wishes to lodge a complaint with us, we will investigate it,\" a GRP official said.CR deputy general manager Vineet Kumar said an ambulance was brought in 20 minutes, but locals didn't allow the authorities to shift the victim to the hospital. The train which had hit Rajput left at 7.05 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14817034", "title": "General category seats fill up quickly on 2nd day of admission", "text": "GUWAHATI: The second day of admission in the science stream at the TDC level began with 252 as the base mark. The admission procedure took place in the morning and while the seats in the general category were quickly filled up, the admission procedure for students in the reservation category took longer.Hostel seats were also allotted to science stream students on the basis of merit on the second day itself and around 25 students were put on the waiting list.The college used the index factor method for the first time. According to the method, the best of three subjects will be emphasized on in the science stream, excluding English and Modern Indian Languages. In this method, the highest marks of AHSEC are standardized with the highest marks of the equivalent examination of the CBSE, where the value used for standardization is called the Index Factor.The cut-off marks for the general category is 242 for Botany, 253 for Zoology, 236 for Statistics, 240 for Economics, 255 for Geology and 235 for Computer Science. \"The admissions in the general category got over by early afternoon and the admissions in the reservation category commenced. The index factor method is being implemented for the first time to give an equal footing to students from different education boards,\" said Kamal Barman, convener of the admission department.Meanwhile, students waiting for their turns during the admission process were happy with the implementation of the index factor method. \"I have scored 224 in three subjects and I will be selected on the basis of the best of three subjects. I wanted to take up physics for majors but the seats filled up very soon,\" said Shabnam Anju Bora, an aspirant.The anthropology department at Cotton College will soon issue forms for its one year diploma course on cultural studies. The course, which was introduced in 2008 as part of the inclusion of different courses under the 12th Finance Commission by the state government, is aimed to give students and professionals an extra edge in their respective fields.\"It is a one-year diploma course and is an add-on course, which means that students who are pursuing their degree courses can simultaneously take up this course,\" said Jonali Devi, head of anthropology department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14815149", "title": "Downpour in China, Bhutan &amp; Arunachal piles misery downstream", "text": "GUWAHATI: One reason for the flood fury in Assam is the more than 30% excess rainfall the state has received since monsoon hit the Northeast on June 6. The Central Water Commission said the situation was aggravated by heavy rainfall in China, Bhutan and Arunachal, from where many of Assam's rivers, including the Brahmaputra, originate. Water resources minister Rajib Lochan Pegu said Arunachal alone, through which the Brahmaputra flows, received 22% excess rain. A study by Kathmandu-based International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development (ICIMOD) said the frequency of floods and flashfloods in Assam had increased in the last 20 years. The study said indigenous coping strategies were proving ineffective . Studies have warned that the Brahmaputra basin is likely to experience more serious flooding in future. The Brahmaputra originates from Tibet's Jima Yangzong glacier. The ICIMOD study says water flow in the Brahmaputra will increase because of accelerated glacier melting and a rise in mean rainfall upstream of the river basin by about 25%.\"The Upper Brahmaputra basin (in Tibet) lost roughly 20% of its water reserves bound in glaciers between 1970 and 2000. This is equivalent to 175 cubic km of glacial mass loss per year,\" said the study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812604", "title": "Is Mumbai getting road management system?", "text": "MUMBAI: If all goes well, Mumbaikars might get some relief from bad roads and poor road maintenance this Independence Day. After a long delay, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) is all set to launch its ambitious software\u2014Road Maintenance Management System (RMMS).Designed by Frischmann Prabhu (India) Pvt Ltd, the software aims at maintaining an exhaustive record of the city's road network and assigning responsibility to BMC engineers. More than 100 engineers would be using the system to maintain roads.Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta told TOI, \"We are planning to start the RMMS on August 15. A meeting of all engineers has been called so that the system can be explained to them. Things like appointing contractors for roadwork contracts (RWC) have also been done.\"The project was in the pipeline for more than a year. \"We have been working on the system... A large part of the work has been completed,\" said a consultant.For the first time, the civic body plans to assign responsibility for each road under its network to a particular sub-engineer, who would be designated as road engineer (RE) and would be the \"guardian of the roads under him\". The BMC has always been slammed by experts for its lack of systematic maintenance leading to an early deterioration in road quality. Under the new system, every road will be numbered, included in a group and entrusted to an RE. The RE would be responsible for regular inspection of roads, in accordance with a recommendation of the Standing Technical Advisory Committee (STAC), and also their maintenance.Till now, a large chunk of road repairs has been done on corporators' request. Despite repeated pleas by STAC, the BMC did not maintain any record of the road system.But the RMMS will record every detail: from the name of the contractor concerned to roadside utilities like underground drainage system and pavements to the RE's condition rating.The software has been customized to such an extent that even a roughness index\u2014undulation per km\u2014will be measured and recorded. It will also help the civic body to make budgetary estimates. Budget allocation will also be done on the basis of road condition. For instance, the software will help an RE allocate resources on the basis of the severity of the condition of a road.But roads department officials are not sure if the system would be brought in this season. \"Our engineers are busy with the pothole tracking system,\" said a senior official. \"Thanks to the online system, unlike last year, the hands of engineers are full with pothole filling work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14815088", "title": "Pak ad filmmaker 'shoots &amp; scoots', police launch search", "text": "KOCHI: City police and the central intelligence agencies are on the trail of a Pakistani ad filmmaker who left Kerala after shooting an ad in the premises of Infopark, the IT hub, in the city. The filmmaker has been identified as Muhammed Junaid Khan of Karachi in Pakistan . Thrikkakara police has registered a case against two Keraliites who made all arrangements for the filmmaker to shoot inside the Infopark.Thrikakkara sub-inspector Abdul Raheem said that they conducted an investigation into the incident after they were alerted by intelligence agencies to check the activities carried out by the Pakistani in the city. According to the preliminary investigation, Junaid had shot for an ad film for a bag inside the Infopark premises, which is a high security zone where photography and videography are restricted.\"The filmmaker was in the city in June and was staying at a star hotel in the city. He left the city after completing his project. We have registered cases against two locals, hailing from Vadakara and Ernakulam, who had helped him with the shoot. The two will be interrogated further,\" officials said.According to the police, Junaid had come on a tourist visa and violated the visa norms by conducting a film shoot without the required permission. \"The intelligence agency had issued an alert to check whether the person had left the country or not. We will conduct a detailed investigation. We are also tracking his telephone call details,\" the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814414", "title": "Squads to check RTE implementation", "text": "NAGPUR: From next week onwards teams of the education department will start visiting schools to check whether provisions of Right To Education (RTE) Act have been implemented properly. The primary education office, which is responsible for RTE implementation, has been unable to enforce the provisions forcefully and even failed to gather relevant information from all schools. Zilla parishad chief executive officer Amit Saini has now formed a special squad to make schools fall in line. The administrative control of education department lies with ZP.An official announcement by the department is expected later this week. While Saini remained unavailable for comment, a source who works with the primary education office told TOI that a plan has already been prepared. The source said, \"ZP has formed six teams, each headed by an official of deputy education officer (DEO) rank. DEO will be assisted by two other members and they will inspect schools and ask the principal to fill out a special questionnaire. The purpose is to gather information about the total intake capacity at entry level and then calculate the 25% free quota.\"Schools will be quizzed on how many applications they received under the free quota and how many admissions were granted. The source added, \"The school's principal will then have to list the reasons why any application under RTE was rejected. If a violation is found the department will take action.\"The teams will target approximately 800 schools. \"Officials have chalked out a master plan for conducting the inspections. Four teams will be placed in the city divided into four zones. Two other teams will go to rural areas,\" the education official said.The primary education officer Someshwar Netam is responsible for RTE implementation in district but things have been in chaos ever since the process started. Schools have told TOI that the office staff lacked clarity and understanding of the Act itself and their meetings have ended up causing more confusion. Sources told TOI that Netam's failure to handle the RTE charge may have resulted in his being sidelined. They confirmed that Saini would now appoint another education officer as a coordinator to look after RTE implementation in district.While Nagpur has statistically been the best performer in state for RTE, the behind-the-scenes story has been extremely messy. Education officers were given a hard time by the state-board affiliated schools who did not share the data fully, with some even using legal loopholes to claim exemption and some showing pure ignorance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14815590", "title": "Best Bakery case: HC bats for witness protection system", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday concluded the judgment in the Best Bakery case by pushing for a witness protection system, enhancing compensation for the witnesses and expressing the hope that the atmosphere of fear in Gujarat would be a thing of the past.\"We hope the Habibullah family will go back to Hanuman Tekri (in Vadodara) and set up the Best Bakery again and both communities will live together peacefully,\" observed a division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode. In a significant move, the judges took a lenient view of the flip-flops by Zahira Sheikh and her family and pressed for a witness protection programme. \"The Habibullah family suffered a terrible ordeal and the police should have given them proper protection. They were probably scared for their lives,\" said the judges, indicating fear could be the reason behind them turning hostile in court twice.The court said the government should have a comprehensive witness protection programme, especially in sensitive cases, where eyewitnesses are rehabilitated in another state, given new identities and jobs so that they can give evidence without fear.\"India has witnessed communal tensions since 1947. At that time we had a leader like Mahatma Gandhi who had a command over both communities. Unfortunately , today we have no such leaders,\" said the judges, expressing hope that its verdict had \"doused the fires on both sides\" .The judges increased the compensation for five witnesses and ordered Gujarat to pay Rs 3 lakh instead of Rs 2,500. On Monday, the HC had relied heavily on the testimonies of the four employees of the bakery, who had received grievous injuries during the riots, to uphold life sentence to four accused in the case. Five were acquitted.\"Compensation given to these witnesses is inadequate taking into consideration the ordeal they have undergone . Hence we direct the Gujarat government to deposit compensation of Rs 3 lakh each to these four eyewitnesses ,\" they said.Compensation would also be paid to Yasmeen Shaikh, Zahira's sister-in-law , who had supported the prosecution in the Mumbai trial court but subsequently filed a plea in the HC that she was \"lured and misguided\" . The HC dismissed her plea, saying she was not \"trustworthy\" . The court also expunged the remarks made against the defence team in the trial court's judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814143", "title": "Mukhi moves HC for cover", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After Dinesh Thakkar alias Kalgi got bail from a lower court, the other prime suspect of the Sudama Resorts gambling racket case, Mahendra Patel alias Mukhi has moved the Gujarat high court seeking cover. The co-owner of Sudama Resorts, Mukhi filed two petitions in the HC after police raids on the resort premises at Madalpur near VS Hospital and at Kalagi House near Gujarat University. In one of the petitions filed through senior counsel Nirupam Nanavati, Mukhi expressed apprehension that he would be detained under the Prevention of Anti-Social Activity Act (PASA).The senior counsel submitted that PASA can be invoked against a person, who has been convicted and not for the possibility of such a conviction in the future. He said that Mukhi was never convicted for alleged gambling activities under the Gujarat Prevention of Gambling Act.After hearing the case, justice S R Brahmbhatt issued a notice to state authorities seeking their reply by the next hearing on July 13. In another application, Mukhi sought directions from the high court to the concerned lower court, that he should not be sent to jail, and be released on bail as soon as he surrenders or is produced in court by cops. In this plea, he has contended that the charges leveled against him, after the raid on Sudama Resorts earlier this month, are bailable offences. Hence as soon as he appears before a judicial magistrate, he should be granted bail. This plea is yet to come up for hearing.Earlier this month, DCP V Chandrasekhar raided the two premises where police found cash and valuables worth over Rs 1 crore including luxurious cars, financial instruments and keys of leased vehicles and properties from the spot. Police had rounded up 104 persons including gamblers and staff members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14814658", "title": "TN tops southern states in kidnapping of women", "text": "COIMBATORE: How safe are women in Tamil Nadu? If data with the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) is any indication, the state has some distance to go before it can claim women are completely safe here. The reason is Tamil Nadu has registered the maximum number of cases involving kidnapping of women and girls in 2011, according to NCRB data, the highest among the four southern states.Take a look at the statistics: Tamil Nadu recorded 1,743 cases of kidnappings of women including girls, followed by Andhra Pradesh at 1,612, Karnataka at 1,395 and Kerala with 299 cases. In comparison, UP, the topper in the all-India list, recorded 7,525 cases followed by West Bengal at 3,711. Bihar, once perceived as the kidnap capital of the country, recorded 3,050 cases.The highest number of cases in TN has been orted from Villupuram district (187) followed by Salem (rural) (108) and Cuddalore (100). Chennai with 41 cases and Coimbatore with 39, fare better than most other districts.Numbers, of course, don't tell the whole story always. Tamil Nadu police is quick to dismiss any alarm that could arise out of the dramatic figures and claim that majority of these cases are about elopements. Except those cases in which the involved victim is a minor, the other cases are usually settled amicably between the parents of the involved couple and police officials later, police say.Police officials who have dealt with such cases say that the first response of agitated parents and husbands of women who elope from their homes due to personal reasons is to accuse the other party of kidnap. It is a different matter, however, if the girl involved is below 18 years of age, officials say.Legal and psychological experts closely who have handled abduction cases argue such incidents should not be merely treated as regular crime cases since these reflect changing social mores. Young women are becoming financially independent and socially secure by themselves and hence often decide to select life partners by themselves, which the elders refuse to acknowledge.\"Most of the women these days prefer to make their own decisions and often face stiff resistance from their parents. When they elope with their partners, the parents file abduction cases and later the matter is sorted out by police, parents and other parties involved,\" says D Geetha, lawyer, Madurai bench of Madras high court. G P Godhanavalli, a family counsellor, also corroborates Geetha's view. \"Agitated parents approach the police and get the elopement recorded as case of abduction. It is only after locating the couple and cross checking with them we get to know the truth,\" she adds. However, Godhanavalli speaks of an alarming trend where young girls below the age of 18 are lured into relationships during their school days. \"We have to give counselling to the girls as well as their parents when they come to us,\" she adds.E S Uma, SP, Coimbatore Rural, says no case of kidnapping for ransom has been registered in Coimbatore rural police limits . \"We have registered kidnapping cases involving minors who eloped with older people,\" says Uma.In the Coimbatore city police limits, one case of kidnapping for ransom was reported in 2011. A five-member gang was arrested by Coimbatore city police for kidnapping a 25-year-old textile merchant and detaining him at a house in Thiruvalluvar Nagar near Ondipudur. The gang had demanded a ransom of Rs 3.25 lakh.Abduction DataWomen&amp; Girls Others TotalTamil Nadu 1743 241 1984Kerala 221 78 299Karnataka 715 680 1395Andhra Pradesh 1612 542 2154", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14812320", "title": "Cops directed to arrest lady for assaulting minor maid", "text": "MARGAO: The children's court has directed the Margao town police on Tuesday to arrest Tereza D'Souza for assaulting a 12-year-old girl from Shimdega, Jharkhand , who was working as a maid at the residence of the accused in Navelim.Margao town PI Sudesh Naik said that the victim had lodged a complaint on June 20 that the accused, wife of Julious D'Souza, who resides near Rosary College, Navelim, had assaulted the complainant with a rolling pin and iron rod on her head, hands, face and other parts of her body and also burned her with hot spoons on her chest, abdomen, buttocks causing the child grievous injuries.An offence has been registered under Section 506 (ii), Section 504, Section 326, Section 308 of the IPC and under the provisions of the Goa Children's Act of 2003.The court rejected the accused's plea for anticipatory bail on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813093", "title": "India proposes Sep 7-9 as dates for Krishna\u2019s Pak visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Tuesday proposed September 7, 8 and 9 as the new dates for foreign minister SM Krishna's visit to Pakistan. Confirming the development, government sources said they were waiting for Pakistan's response on the matter.Krishna is currently in Cambodia for the Asean foreign ministers' meet. He had earlier told his Pakistani counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar in a meeting on the sidelines of the Tokyo Conference that he would visit Pakistan in the first half of September.Krishna was earlier scheduled to travel to Pakistan in the third week of July but had to drop the plan due to the presidential elections that will be held on July 19. \"The fresh dates suit us but we let's see what Pakistan says,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812208", "title": "Shah commission team pays surprises visit to mines department", "text": "PANAJI: Senior officials of the Shah Commission paid a surprise visit to the directorate of mines and geology on Tuesday to investigate bogus royalty challans issued by the department and attached the royalty challan file.The Shah Commission team, investigating illegal mining, is led by Karnataka chief conservator of forest, UV Singh, and has four other officials.Speaking to TOI, Singh said, \"This investigation is part of the third report. We have submitted two reports to the Union government and the team will be in Goa for another two days to investigate various departments.\"The team questioned two assistant directors of mines in charge of issuing royalty challans to mining companies.Sources in the mines department said the team had come to tally the exports figure with the royalty challans issued by the department.\"We have submitted the royalty challans and export figures for the year 2006 to the Shah Commission team,\" sources said, adding that the team sought to know the procedure followed to issue royalty challans.The commission has already investigated illegal mining in Karnataka in connection with the amount of iron ore exported from Goa. It is now tallying the Karnataka figures with the Goa figures to determine how much illegal ore was exported from Goa.Goa mineral ore exporters association had pointed out that 10 million tonnes of unclassified iron ore were exported from Goa in 2010-11. This had sparked off a controversy on illegal mining in the state.Then leader of opposition and present chief minister Manohar Parrikar had also raised the issue of bogus royalty challans issued by the mines department to export illegal iron ore from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14814983", "title": "Dead rat in rice sack sets off blame game among officials", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A war of words has begun between the SupplyCo and Food Corporation of India (FCI), the two agencies responsible for supplying the rat-infested rice sack to the Medical College Campus Higher Secondary School. On Monday, a dead rat, beedi stubs and mud were found in the rice sack that was supposed to be used for cooking mid-day meal for the students.Though SupplyCo on Tuesday replaced the entire stock of 77 rice sacks delivered to the school, it held the FCI responsible for the mess. Officials said the dead rat could have found its way to sack when the workers at the FCI godown collected the spillage rice from the floor and packed it without cleaning.The manager of the Koduvalli depot of SupplyCo, which oversees the Maveli store at Poovattuparamba from where the rice sack was supplied to school, M Raveendran said that the agency plays the role of an intermediary. \"We take the rice sack from the FCI godowns and distribute to schools though our outlets,\" he said.He said that SupplyCo has asked its staff to take only machine-stitched sacks from the FCI in the future. \"It is not possible to check rice quality as we handle over 250 truckloads a month as part of the mid-day meal programme,\" he said.Meanwhile, FCI officials said they have signed records that prove that the SupplyCo officials took delivery of rice sacks after satisfying themselves of the rice quality. \"We doubt that the sack in the question does not belong to the FCI. We don't know if the sack has been changed after it left our godown,\" said C Sivadasan, district manager of FCI.He said FCI has a proper system to clean and pack spillage rice in its godowns, which is headed by a quality controller. \"But our responsibility ends as soon as the material leaves the godown gates. It is up to the agency to take delivery of the product and ensure its quality thereafter,\" he said.Deputy director of education (in-charge) P Ajayakumar said the school authorities in the district have asked to ensure rice quality before preparing the meals for the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814352", "title": "Monsoon makes a splash, Amdavadis delighted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"Rains, like a long-awaited lover, caress the earth once more! Teasing trickles on her body, as she passionately whispers, \"More\"!\" It was the first long monsoon day experienced in Ahmedabad as it drizzled all day long on Tuesday, and left people yearning for more. Romance was in the air especially along the Sabarmati riverfront as couples thronged the riverfront to spend quiet moments the rains pitter patter in the river. It got to the point where crowds had to be managed by security personnel as people came in hordes to sit on the riverfront.People were seen enjoying the rain, which came in light drizzles as they avoided wearing raincoats or parking themselves under trees to avoid getting wet. \"It was the kind of rain one wants to enjoy and absorb. It felt as if monsoon has finally arrived,\" said Saurabh Patel, a 27-year executive who took a break from work to enjoy the first day of monsoon. In the last spell in the past week, it rained mainly in the night. Weather officials said that moderate to heavy rains were recorded all over the state due to the well-marked low pressure system over north-west Madhya Pradesh and adjoining parts of Rajasthan. The weather office issued a forecast of fairly widespread rains all over the state with moderate to heavy rains at most places and very heavy rains at isolated places.Officials said that the rains will gradually decline from Wednesday. \"The heavy rainfall warning was till Wednesday morning 8.30 am. After that the rains are likely to decline,\" Manorama Mohanty meteorologist of India Meteorological Department (IMD), Gujarat said. Officials said that while the weather will remain wet and cloudy, heavy rains are not expected from Wednesday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812880", "title": "Cops rescue club manager within hours of \u2018kidnapping\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A banquet manager of a Juhu club was allegedly kidnapped by the brother of a girl whose objectionable pictures he had reportedly threatened to post on a social networking site. The alleged kidnapping took place in Juhu on Tuesday.The police managed to rescue the manager, Ahejam Ali (35), within a few hours and have booked the girl's brother and his friends in a kidnapping case. Deputy commissioner of police (zone 9) Pratap Dighavkar said, \"Ali went to the girl's Worli home on Tuesday morning and fought with her. Later, her brother kidnapped him. We have registered a kidnapping case and detained six persons. We are also looking into Ali's conduct.\"Ali was friends with the girl, who works in the travel industry, said the police. Ali had allegedly threatened the girl and her mother when he went to their house. When the girl's brother learnt about the incident, he allegedly hatched a plot to kidnap Ali and roped in his friends.On Tuesday afternoon, club members saw a few people assaulting Ali and forcing him into a vehicle. Film-maker Ashok Pandit, who witnessed the incident, tried to intervene but the 'kidnappers' told him to stay out of the matter. They then drove away with Ali in the car.Pandit informed the police and provided them with the 'kidnapper's' vehicle number.The Juhu police began calling Ali's number. After several attempts, the girl's brother answered the phone and said he was going to his Worli home with Ali. The Worli police traced the accused. Ali has sustained injuries and is in hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14818159", "title": "Jaripatka police earn points for detection", "text": "NAGPUR: The Jaripatka police's detection wing had a dream run in the month of June cracking nine cases of burglaries and robberies and recovered valuables worth Rs 1.28 lakh.Among the detections, Jaripatka police's effort in nabbing hardcore burglar Raju Uikey was a face-saver for the city police. Uikey's accomplice Ravi Borkar, also another hardened burglar, was already nabbed by a family from Bada Indora at whose place these miscreants had sneaked in to commit a theft in June.Police were under pressure to nab Uikey who was at large for several days. Jaripatka police managed to detect a number of housebreaking cases after interrogating Uikey and Borkar. Valuables, including gold ornaments and computer, worth Rs 82,100 were recovered from them. In another case, Jaripatka police had rounded up a juvenile delinquent for his alleged role in burglary. Police managed to recover stolen materials worth Rs 21,500.Another two cases of robberies were solved by them. Two alleged robbers identified as Kundan Ambulkar and Pramod Upghade had been nabbed during an investigation into a robbery. Police recovered booty worth around Rs 24,500 from the duo. Jaripatka police also arrested Subhas Bele and Ravindra Gajbhiye from different places for their alleged role in robbing a citizen in the last week of June. The duo, along with another accomplice, had robbed a pan kiosk owner. Police have recovered Rs 110 cash from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14815239", "title": "PCNTDA likely to monitor haphazard constructions", "text": "PUNE: The state government is thinking about appointing the Pimpri Chinchwad New Town Planning Development Authority (PCNTDA) as a \"temporary monitoring authority\" to control the haphazard constructions taking place on the periphery of the Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations.Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, district collector Vikas Deshmukh said, \"During a recent meeting with deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, the idea to appoint PCNTDA as a monitoring authority came up for discussion. Till the Pune Metropolitan Region Development Authority (PMRDA) is formed, this arrangement will help control illegal constructions along the fringes of both municipal limits.\"The PCNTDA was established to tackle these issues and has a purview that extends over Mulshi and Haveli taluka. Deshmukh added \"The PCNTDA has a mechanism and is functional already. This will be a temporary arrangement.\"Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in April had said that a final decision on PMRDA would be taken in three months on the basis of recommendations made by a study group appointed on the issue. The PMRDA, if formed, will cover an area of 2,943 sq km and include 397 villages, apart from municipal areas. Meanwhile, the difference of opinion between the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) over who should head the PMRDA continues to be one of the reasons behind the delay.While the Congress camp wants chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who heads the Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Development Authority, to hold the chairmanship of the PMRDA, the NCP camp is pushing for the appointment of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar to the post. Pawar is also Pune's guardian minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "macherla", "code": "14812557", "title": "Infant dies in house collapse", "text": "MACHERLA: An infant was killed and two others of a farm labourer's family injured in a house collapse incident at Chintala thanda in Macherla mandal in Guntur district on Tuesday. The Indiramma house, constructed three years ago, collapsed following a heavy downpour since Monday night.Two-year-old Prasanna died when the slab of the portico gave in. Farm labourer Motilal and his wife Chinnabai escaped with injuries. The local legislator Pinnelli Ramakrishna Reddy visited the thanda and promised assistance to the family for reconstructing their house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "14812555", "title": "Rameswaram fishermen to hit the seas from Saturday", "text": "Rameswaram: Rameswaram fishermen have decided to withdraw their 10-day strike and venture into sea on Saturday as the state government promised to take steps to fulfil their demands during the talks held in Chennai. Fishermen of Ramanathapuram, Thanjavur and Pudukkottai districts went on strike since July 1 against the poor prices fixed for their catch by seafood companies. They also alleged that the companies were forming a syndicate to fix prices for catch.On Tuesday, talks were held with fisheries minister K A Jayapal in Chennai. Representatives from fishermen associations of these districts and those from seafood companies participated. Among the 31 representatives from fishermen associations, seven were from Rameswaram and one from Mandapam coast.Fishermen leaders said they had decided to call off the strike as the state government had promised to take steps to increase the procurement price of export fishes, especially prawns, cuttle fish and crabs. The minister also promised to bring in more exporters to the region so that fishermen got good prices, they said. N J Bose, general secretary, Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boat Fishermen Welfare Association, said they would be going to sea on Saturday. \"The fisheries minister assured us that the state government was taking steps to provide good prices for fish and would bring in more export companies. Based on his assurance, we have decided to call off the strike,\" he said.However, fishermen are apprehensive of any improvement in situation as two major seafood companies' representatives skipped the meeting. \"Among the four seafood companies operating in the region, only Berry Marine Export and Liberty Sea Foods attended the meeting. Big players Diamond Sea Foods and Nila Sea Foods did not attend the meeting. These two players together procure almost 75% of the catch, and their absence at the meeting is disturbing,\" said B Jesuraja, Ramanathapuram district secretary, Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boat Fishermen Association. \"If they are able to skip a meeting called by the state government, how can we expect them to accept our demands? We have apprised the minister of the issue and he has promised that he will take action against players who failed to attend the talks,\" he added.Meanwhile, the news that the strike was called off had cheered fishermen in the region as they were languishing without any income. The fishermen used to earn around Rs 12,000 a week as they are paid Rs 3,000 to Rs 4,000 for a trip. \"It is good news for both fishermen and owners as we are struggling without income. Many fishermen managed this strike by pledging valuables at their homes,\" said Muniswaran, a fisherman from the area. \"While some boat owners used to compensate us during such struggles, many boat owners are also poor like us and depend on their boats for a living. We are glad we are going fishing on Saturday,\" another fisherman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14817673", "title": "EOW records statement of Bhoj University registrar, two others", "text": "BHOPAL: The state bureau of investigation of economic offences (EOW) on Tuesday recorded the statements of senior officials of the Madhya Pradesh Bhoj (Open) University in connection with a forgery case involving the university vice-chancellor S K Singh and six others.The EOW officials recorded the statements of registrar Anand Kamle, Dr Abha Swaroop and A Z Khan, and examined some documents regarding the alleged scam.The investigators are going to record the statement of other persons on Wednesday also, a top EOW official said. \"We have served notices on the accused and sought for some documents and statement,\" the official added.Former varsity examination controller G D Singh had been allegedly booked for cheating (420) and other sections of IPC and relevant sections of prevention of corruption act last year following a complaint and primary investigation.Though Kamle is not an accused in the case, we recorded his statement, EOW officials said. The accused had allegedly awarded contracts by throwing the rules to the wind, officials said.Bhoj VC allegedly awarded a contract regarding printing of confidential department papers to a printer from Lucknow, his native city. Besides, he, in collusion with other accused, favoured a firm to publish result against the laid down rule, according to the accusations against them.The EOW exercise created a flutter in the varsity campus and was the subject of debate with students and teaching community debating the outcome of the action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14812942", "title": "Chain-snatcher held, Rs 5.6L ornaments recovered", "text": "The Navi Mumbai police recently arrested a notorious chain-snatcher and recovered stolen gold ornaments worth Rs 5.62 lakh. The arrested accused, Vishwas Bhagwan Mhaskar, has been remanded in police custody till July 11. Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Shrikant Pathak said the cops have traced the owners of the ornaments after interrogating Mhaskar. The cops had earlier arrested Mhaskar's aide Shatrughan S Bhopi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14815111", "title": "Flood fury hits 24 lakh in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam is no stranger to floods. But this deluge is the worst it has seen in many years. The first wave of floods\u2014from April to Juneclaimed 126 lives. More than 700 animals in Kaziranga National Park and elsewhere have died. Fears of a second wave hitting soon loom large.The annual devastation comes in multiple waves in Assam\u2014three to four\u2014starting from April. According to the state disaster management authority, the floods in June affected almost 24 lakh as 4,540 villages came under water. While the flood fury has abated somewhat, more than 3 lakh are still affected as 550 villages continue to be flooded. The state government has pegged the damage at Rs 11,316 crore.The current wave was declared by the state government as the worst since 2004: 201 human lives and over 100 animals were lost in the four waves that year. Government spokesman and agriculture minister Nilamoni Sen Deka said this year's wave of floods has turned out to be even bigger. \"And we are witnessing just the first wave. We fear the next wave, which is expected very soon.\"The minister said 40% of the state's area stands affected, including 2.5lakh ha of crop area. \"The loss to farmers is about Rs 900 crore. Also, there is silt cover in areas where the waters have receded; this has to be cleared before the sowing season in August,\" Deka said.The southwest monsoonfed flood first hit Karimganj district in Barak valley in April and later Lakhimpur district on the north bank of Brahmaputra valley in May. The devastating phase started on June 24 when incessant rains in the catchment areas of Brahmaputra, particularly in China and Arunachal, led to the river and its tributaries flowing above the danger mark. The monsoon also triggered landslides, which have so far claimed 16 lives, including 10 in the city. The flood has destroyed infrastructure, breaching embankments in the Brahmaputra valley, washing away bridges and damaging seven national highways and roads. PM Manmohan Singh , on his visit to the state on July 2, announced an ad hoc assistance of Rs 500 crore to help the state till the final assistance is announced after the damage is assessed by a central team. The seven-member team arrived here on Tuesday. \"The central team has been divided into three groups for three sectors , NC Hills and Karbi Anglong hill districts, upper Assam and lower Assam,\" an official said.The state will pay ex-gratia of Rs 1.5 lakh to the next of kin of each of the dead while the PMO and the CM will give exgratia of Rs 1 lakh each.Times ViewFloods that render millions homeless and kill hundreds or thousands of people and animals are depressingly repetitive in India. So are droughts. True, there are limits to how much man can do to protect himself from the vagaries of nature. But, a country that boasts of being an emerging economic superpower can do a better job on this. Managing water resources better is a part of the solution and nowhere near enough has been done on this. The other is dealing with calamities. Here again, there is little evidence of having imbibed the best global practices. It is hard to escape the conclusion that human life is simply not valued enough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813980", "title": "Three arrested for dozen vehicle thefts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people allegedly involved in the theft of more than a dozen vehicles have been arrested.The accused have been identified as Arif Mohammad Akram, Islam Nazir and Vipin Singh, all natives of Uttar Pradesh. Additional commissioner of police (southeast) Ajay Chaudhry said, \"Arif and Islam were nabbed when they were on their way to deliver a stolen Tata Safari. Vipin was arrested at their instance.\"It was revealed that Arif came in contact with carjacker Anil Chauhan in jail and joined hands with him after being released on bail. Arif would dispose of the stolen vehicle. The vehicles were delivered to Vipin, who dismantled them at his premises in Aligarh. The dismantled vehicles were sent to Usman.Usman sold the auto parts to scrap dealers in Meerut. In some cases, the stolen vehicle with a tampered engine and chassis number was sold as a second-hand vehicle for more money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14813471", "title": "One life lost in accidents every 3 days", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At least one life is lost every three days in different road accidents in the city. Though police have undertaken various campaigns, like counselling of violators and run road safety programmes to curb road accidents, these continue unabated.According to official records, there were around 200 accidents in the first six months of 2012 (January to June) in which 62 lives were lost. The deceased include 50 males and 12 females. 148 persons were injured in these accidents.Traffic police had appointed an inspector level officer to find out the reasons behind accidents and to ascertain the killer stretches. They have identified five most accident-prone areas in the city - the sectors 45-46 light point, housing board light point, Hallomajra light point, Kisan Bhawan roundabout, Sector 35 and transport light point, Sector 26. \"Human error is one of the major reasons behind most accidents. There are cases where drivers were drunk and were overspeeding. We have also found some engineering faults at some places and send our suggestions to the department concerned,\" said Maneesh Chaudhary, traffic superintendent of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813122", "title": "New engineering syllabus for colleges under Anna university", "text": "CHENNAI: The 500 self-financing colleges affiliated to Anna University are set to start the academic year with a new syllabus. A team of 240 faculty members of Anna University, Chennai, including 10-12 members from each department, coordinated by the academic courses director, is working to roll out the syllabus.For the affiliated colleges, this is the second time the syllabus has changed in two years. The first time was in 2011, when the directorate of technical education asked colleges affiliated to each of the five Anna Universities of Technology to follow R-2008 instead of the one prescribed by the respective AUT.\"It is four years since R-2008 was drawn up. At Anna University it is customary to revise the syllabus every four years. This helps us to adapt to industry needs and keep up with technology developments,\" said a senior faculty member of Anna University, Chennai. The constituent colleges of Anna University, Chennai \u2014 Guindy College of Engineering, Madras Institute of Technology and Alagappa College of Technology \u2014 follow a different curriculum and syllabus called R-2009. \"This syllabus is tougher than that prescribed for the affiliated colleges. Work on upgrading it will begin next year,\" said another faculty member.With just a few weeks to go for the new academic year to start, academicians believe the change will not be too drastic. \"It is likely that there is only a 10% change in the syllabus. A couple of electives are likely to be added based on industry inputs,\" said an academic. For instance, the Data Structures course could be changed to Date Structures with Programming in C, C++.The move has evoked mixed reactions. Anna University faculty are pleased. \"When the AUTs were formed they started their own curriculum and syllabus based on their whims and fancies. At least now the colleges will conform to the academic standard set by the university.\"Others said institutions should be allowed to work out the curriculum according to the region concerned. A faculty member in Chennai may not be aware of or bother too much about the need for solutions to a regional problem. In Tuticorin, for instance, the need may be for technology that helps workers separate salt from impurities in the salt pans there. A professor in Chennai is unlikely to know about such demands. \"It's not so much about knowledge, as knowledge delivery that we have to worry about. The curriculum may have changed, but how many teachers will be able to adapt to it? Our teacher are not prepared for the new syllabus,\" said educational consultant P Moorthy Selvakumaran.For the second year, the 500-odd technical institutions will follow a common academic calendar too. All AUTs and Anna University, Chennai, will have the same semester opening and closing dates, examinations and practicals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14816806", "title": "HRD minister Baijnath Ram reviews work in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: State HRD minister Baijnath Ram has directed deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan and district agriculture officers to submit him the latest report of crop position in all the blocks following the failure of monsoon in the district.He was reviewing the progress work in the district planning committee meeting of Hazaribag with the Zila Parishad chairman and members, MLAs and officials here on Tuesday.Ram said since not even 20% kharif paddy and bhadai crops was sown for scanty rainfall, the authorities should prepare for alternative crops. He said all the details should reach him by July 12 as chief minister Arjun Munda has called a special cabinet meeting on July 14 for reviewing the latest crop situation in the district.Till July 10, Hazaribag recorded 33% rainfall against about 400 mm which is not sufficient for starting the agricultural operation in full swing.Keeping in mind, the critical situation faced by the district because of poor monsoon all the engineers were directed to take up irrigation-based projects and renovate the big reservoirs. He has received complaints in some Blocks of Hazaribag including Barhi and Daroo where lagescale irregularities had been committed in executing irrigation schemes.A decision has been taken for not using BRGF money for kutcha work and should only be used for concrete and pucca work. He said for the construction of kutcha dam and earth work, the MGNERGA funds should be used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14815139", "title": "Decoding mighty Brahmaputra\u2019s DNA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Everything about the Brahmaputra is so grand it seems inevitable that the river's fury would be larger than life. Experts say the river is prone to flooding due to natural reasons. Yet it's possible to tackle its fury to an extent.The basin's topography, water flow and seismicity play a part in the flooding. Dr Rajiv Sinha, an IIT Kanpur geologist who specializes in river systems , points to three reasons for the river going on spate.The first is the river's character . It flows for about 1,600km through Tibet picking up sediments , then barrels down into the Assam Valley where its tributaries bring in more sediments . This leads to heavy silting . \"Imagine a bucket of water into which you pour sand. As the bucket fills up, it holds less water. That's what happens to Brahmaputra,\" Sinha said. Anup Mitra, former water resources secretary, Assam, adds that the river carries the world's highest sediment load. \"Yellow River had that distinction till recently. But China has cut the sediment load.\"The second reason for flooding is reduction in the river's slope because of silting. \"With silting more in some areas, the river moves laterally at points, flooding fresh areas typically during a high-flow period.\"Third, the river flows through an unstable seismic zone where the basin characteristic is ever-changing . \"Upper Assam's basin is bound by the Himalayas in the north and Naga-Patkai Hills in the south. Both are rising, but the Himalayas are moving up faster. This gives a southward tilt to the basin,\" Sinha said. A paper by Sinha and Siddhartha K Lahiri says Brahmaputra's channel belt in upper Assam has widened 44% from an average width of 9.7 km in 1915.Assam has a long history of flood control too. \"India's first flood control department was set up in Assam in 1954,\" Mitra said. Many anti-flood structures were built in the 1950s, 60s and 70s, and have outlived their utility.Mitra pointed out that the problem needs inter-state coordination, promised by the Centre after the severe 2004 floods: a Northeast Water Resources Authority. \"That hasn't happened,\" said Mitra. Site-specific measures won't work. \"River management must be an integrated strategy that looks at each aspect of the river, its catchment areas, and develops a model to predict how the river could move.\"WHY A RIVER RUNS ROUGHManmade constrictions obstruct natural fl ow Unusually heavy silting chokes the river basin The Brahmaputra basin's tilt increasing towards the south River is young, its drainage path prone to landslides Area receives excessive rain during monsoon River course subject to frequent tectonic activity Brahmaputra valley narrow, has limited area for habitation Population density. Most sandbars (chars) encroached Deforestation, shifting cultivation &amp; land misuse play a role Erosion of banks, causing instability at nodal points", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812417", "title": "Two fake job consultants held", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force police arrested two persons for duping unemployed youth on the pretext of providing them software jobs in Bangalore.Police arrested Y Srivardhan, 25, of Miyapur, and Mohammed Najeeb Rahaman, 31, of Reti Bowli.The duo collected Rs 5.6 lakh cash from four BTech graduates by promising them jobs in software MNCs in Bangalore.After collecting the amount, they gave the job aspirants fake offer letters from IBM .When the graduates realised that they were duped they lodged a complaint with the police.By tracking the cell phone numbers of the duo, Task Force sleuths nabbed them from their houses on Monday night. Police seized a Verna car, a laptop and two cell phones from them.They were handed over to the Banjara Hills police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814374", "title": "Young Simbas establish huge kingdom", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Like in the movie Lion King, young Simba has come off age. Three-and-a-half-year-old Sandipan and his unnamed brother have established the largest kingdom in the Sasan Gir, spread over 100 sq km and including 32 big cats.These are the two youngest rulers who have captured the biggest pride in the sanctuary. And, both have been accepted as rulers, even by other adult males.Experts who have been monitoring Gir for years say this is unusual. H S Singh, additional principal chief conservator of forest and an expert on lions, calls this a rare phenomenon. \"Usually a lions captures his own territory only after he is five years. Capturing a territory at such a young age is only possible if the opponent is weak and the new king is brave enough to take risks,\" Singh said.Of the six groups present in the territory - spread over Dedakadi, Karambha, Paniya and Dedia villages - Sandipan and his brother have already mated with five females. Deputy conservator of forest Sandeep Kumar, who is monitoring the take-over in the tourism zone, said, \"In my entire career, I have never come across an incident where lions this young have captured the territory and are being easily accepted by older big cats.\"In May last week, the two brothers had established their supremacy over the biggest pride of the Gir forest and instead of pushing the old lion out, the duo stayed close to him until he died.The last bastion, Paniya, which has presence of two adult lions, was conquered without any bloodshed. \"We were expecting a fierce battle between these adults and the brothers. But, the take-over was very smooth with the two adults accepting the Sandipan's supremacy,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813963", "title": "Tankers with GPS to boost DJB supply", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an effort to improve its water tanker services, Delhi Jal Board has engaged a consultant to provide stainless steel tankers in five zones, all of which will be fitted with GPS devices and will have smart cards to mark their entry and exit at filling stations.The decision was taken at DJB's board meeting on Tuesday. \"The new tankers will be of 3 kilolitre and 9 kilolitre capacity. M/s DIMS are the consultants for this project. This will help check wastage, diversion of water and unreliability of tanker visits,\" said DJB sources.Other major works approved in the meeting included massive replacement of old pipes to improve water services. Water lines in the areas of Haiderpur, Prashant Vihar, Delhi Cantonment BPS, Mangolpuri, Meera Bagh and Carriappa Marg are will be changed. Pipelines from Haiderpur to Lawrence Road underground reservoir will also be replaced.The west Delhi water transmission main will be replaced with MS pipes from Wazirpur depot to Shukurpur Village along Ring Road. These pipelines are more than 30 years old and break down frequently. The conveyance line carrying treated effluents from Okhla STP to Ring Road has been damaged due to heavy traffic movement on Outer Ring Road. DJB has approved the replacement of a 3-km stretch of the line from Sarai Kale Khan to IP Estate railway track.Begumpur village, an unauthorized colony in Bawana, will also get an internal water distribution system.A seven million litre underground reservoir and booster pumping station will come up at Shalimar Park in Shahdara within 15 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "14812447", "title": "Breather: Rains halt Kalasa canal project", "text": "Keri: What the Goa government has failed to do, nature has. At least for now.The Karnataka government's controversial efforts to divert the waters of the Mhadei-Mandovi river in Goa-have come to a halt, thanks to the rains.In February, TOI had reported that the Karnataka Neeravari Nigam Ltd had completed almost 80% of work on the canal joining the Kalasa rivulet to the Malaprabha river at Kankumbi.This despite Goa's opposition to the work and the central government constituting the Mhadei Water Disputes Tribunal to tackle the matter.So it was surprising for Vitthal Shelke, a volunteer with the Keri-based Vivekanand Environment Awareness Brigade, to find that all work at the canal has come to a standstill.\"There have been landslides at some strategic points of the project and this appears to have caused the work to stop,\" Shelke told TOI. A JCB, bulldozers, trucks and other machinery that were constantly at the site have been moved out too.An official of Neeravari Nigam Ltd, based in Khanapur, confirmed that the work has been put on hold because of heavy rains.Karnataka hopes to dam and divert 7.56 TMC feet of water from the Mhadei river basin to Malaprabha via the Kankumbi project.Some in the neighbouring state aren't too pleased with the project either. Nearly 40 open wells and about 12 bore wells are affected, says Shrihari Kagaji of Paryavarini.The Belgaum-based award-winning environmental NGO has observed that the newly-built Belgaum-Panaji road via Chorla ghat is also facing problems on account of the project.\"The work of Kalasa Project, which is on since 2002, has threatened the ecological security of Kankumbi and its surrounding areas. The work inside the ecological sensitive area is badly affecting wildlife,\" adds Kagaji.President of the Goa-based Mhadei Bachao Abhiyan, Nirmala Sawant says the group's case against the project is under way in the Supreme Court and may come up for hearing next week.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said recently that he would ask the Centre to expedite hearings of the tribunal, which was set up in 2010, but is yet to hold a hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813057", "title": "15-year-old boy ends life, cops stop burial", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Tuesday stopped the burial of a 15-year-old boy who reportedly committed suicide on Monday because of severe ear pain, took custody of the body and sent it for postmortem. Vimal Anand's family was apparently unaware that a suicide, an unnatural death, had to be reported to the nearest police station. Relatives took the body to a graveyard in Madipakkam but staff there contacted police when they realised that police and hospital authorities had not been informed of the death.Police arrived at the burial ground and sent the body to Chromepet Government Hospital for autopsy on Tuesday evening. Police said Vimal was a resident of Madipakkam and was in Class 10. \"He had unbearable ear pain and hanged himself in his house on Monday evening,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14812960", "title": "Woman held for duping poor by offering aid from foreign countries", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police on Tuesday arrested a 40-year-old woman for cheating several people of economically backward classes on the pretext of eliminating their poverty by facilitating them to get hefty economic aid from foreign countries.The 'Lady Natwarlal,' identified as Saira Bano (40), used to trap unsuspecting people like autorickshaw drivers, cab drivers etc. She used to allure them with economic grants upto Rs 6 lakh. And once the victim subscribes to the idea, the woman used to ask them for a 'conversion rate' varying from Rs 5,000 to Rs 6,000.Deputy commssioner of police (North) Mahendra Chaudhary said that a taxi driver, in an FIR lodged at Brahmpuri police station on June 19, said that she cheated him by offering that she would provide him economic aid from foreign countries.\"The woman met the said taxi driver at Hasanpura locality and told him that she gets donations from foreign countries for poor and downtrodden people. Later, she told the driver that she has got Rs 90 lakh to be distributed among the poor,\" said the DCP.When the victim subscribed to her idea, the con woman said that since the money is in dollars he will have to pay a sum of Rs 6,000 as conversion rate to get an aid of Rs 6 lakh.\"The victim agreed and paid the required amount. However, he later realized that he was cheated as the woman switched off her cell phone and remained untraceable,\" he added\"In order to create an impression of genuineness, she used to ask for two passport size photographs and a photo copy of bank account,\" said the officer.The woman has taken away Rs 6,000 from the taxi driver and Rs 4,500 from his sister, police added.After the arrest, the police is trying to find out how many more were duped by the woman.\"She is very cunning and might have swindled lot of money. We are in touch with other police stations in the city to find if similar cases were lodged against her,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812522", "title": "\u2018AI flights from city most delayed\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Among all Indian carriers, Air India recorded the worst on-time performance for flights that departed from Mumbai airport in June as only 967 out of its total 1,319 flights departed on time.The national carrier's poor performance cannot be entirely attributed to the pilot's strike, since the airline has held the bottom slot in the on-time performance (OTP) chart for five out of the last six months.In March, Kingfisher Airlines beat AI and recorded its worst OTP. Last month, all carriers, except AI, improved their schedule discipline marginally. The monthly data released by Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL), tracked the departure timings of all Indian carriers operating out of Mumbai. The chart does not record the arrival timings of flights. A flight that is late by more than 15 minutes from its scheduled departure falls in the 'delayed category'. For the month of June, IndiGo had the best overall OTP of 90%. It was followed by GoAir with 88% on-time record.The on-time performances of airlines are recorded for departures falling in four time slots (3am-9am, 9am-3pm, 3pm-11pm and 11pm-3am). The maximum delayed departures took place in the 3pm-11pm slot, followed by the 9am-3pm period. Statistics validated what was always known to the frequent flyer, that the early morning flights have the best on-time record. So to book a flight that is least likely to be delayed, the 3am-9am slot is the best bet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14813244", "title": "China imports Pak mangoes, setback for Indian traders", "text": "BEIJING: China has begun importing Pakistani mangoes with the first major shipment leaving Karachi recently, reports quoting an exporter in Pakistan said.The move is seen as a setback to Indian exporters, who were hoping that a recent India-China agreement on import of mangoes to China would benefit them. The agreement allowing import of Indian mangoes came after nine years of deliberation on both sides.The two governments had signed the protocol of phytosanitary requirements for exporting mangoes from India to China during then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's visit to China in 2003.\"The first shipment of 40 tons of mangoes is being exported to China in two 40 feet containers valued at $60,000,\" Pakistani media quoted A Q Khan Durrani, chief executive officer of exporting firm, Durrani Associates, as saying.He said China could soon become the biggest market for Pakistani mangoes.The move comes years after the China government cleared Pakistani mangoes for import. But China has been reluctant to import vast quantities from Pakistan by sea until now. Only small amounts of mangoes are sent through the ,more expensive air route from Pakistan to China. Over 11 countries supply mangoes to China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14815125", "title": "Cochin University of Science and Technology in damage control mode", "text": "KOCHI: With the Kerala high court making scathing remarks against 10 engineering colleges affiliated to Cochin University of Science and Technology having pass percentage less than 40, Cusat has decided to refer the matter to its syndicate to take steps to improve the infrastructure and quality of teaching in these colleges.\"Ten colleges affiliated to Cusat have poor pass percentage and there is an urgent need to improve the infrastructure and quality of teachers in these colleges. Most teachers don't have an MTech degree as is mandated by AICTE for teaching in engineering colleges,\" said Cusat registrar Dr A Ramachandran.In a recent judgment, after going through the examination results from all engineering colleges in the state, the division bench of justices C N Ramachandran Nair and Babu Mathew P Joseph had observed, \"...the quality of education offered in these engineering colleges, all under Cochin University, is so poor and we feel if these colleges cannot be improved, government should close down the same to prevent their continued disservice to the student community.\"The colleges are: Sarabhai Institute of Science and Technology, MG College of Engineering, Co-operative Institute of Technology, Vadakara, TKM Institute of Technology, Colleges of Engineering at Munnar, Thrikkarippur, Karunagapally, Aattingal, Cherthala and Kottarakkara. After going through the results of these colleges, HC observed, \"at least eight colleges had less than 40% pass consistently for the last 3 years which by itself is sufficient indication that the coaching is very poor in these colleges.\"The varsity will take steps to improve the infrastructure and quality of teaching in ten of its colleges, that were at the receiving end of the high court for their poor performance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814325", "title": "First spell of rain throws traffic out of gear", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While citizens enjoyed Tuesday's light showers, enthusiasts who thronged the city roads were disappointed by jams at almost every important junction in the city. City traffic police had to deploy policemen and Home Guards jawans strategically to ensure traffic flowed smoothly. Rush hour saw columns of vehicles at choked traffic signals.According to city traffic police, jams were caused by unfinished civic construction projects and slippery roads which forced motorcyclists to trade speed for caution. Junctions such as Income Tax crossroads, Ellisbridge, IIM crossroads, Helmet crossroads and Nehrunagar crossroads saw traffic jams as more personnel were deployed on the roads. At several points such as Panchvati, officials diverted traffic to less-crowded roads to ease congestion.SM Katara, additional commissioner of police (traffic), said that he observed congestion at various points and instructed personnel to address it as soon as possible. Traffic helplines were also abuzz with calls from commuters to inform them about gridlocked junctions. The situation, however, eased after peak hours, said officials.Many citizens came out in the evening to enjoy the rain and also thronged places such as the Sabarmati riverfront, Kankaria lake and SG Highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817298", "title": "Gippy Grewal and Diljit Dosanjh live in concert", "text": "It's going to be a rocking evening on 21st of July 2012 when the two Rockstars, Gippy Grewal and Diljit Dosanjh will be on the same stage. In addition to that, complete starcast of upcoming Punjabi movie 'Carry on Jatta' will be there to promote their movie. The event is entitled as Desi Rockstars Nite 2012.Desi Rockstars Nite'12 is broadly listed among the eminent events taking place in the entertainment sector. The main focus of the event will be at showcasing various songs of Gippy Grewal and Diljit Dosanjh . An excellent opportunity to sing and dance with your favorite singers and enjoy the evening with your loved ones.Desi Rockstars'12 has been conceived and created with a vision to Showcase Punjabi Music Industry to The Global Music World.The main objective of Desi Rockstars Nite'12 will be to spare out few live moments to enjoy with family and loved ones from the busy schedule.Desi Rockstar Event is presented by AJ Productions and its going to be held at Aveda Hotels &amp; Resorts, Humbran Road in Ludhiana.With the heart throbbing singers Gippy Grewal and Diljit Dosanjh, its expected to be the musical night of complete entertainment. So get ready for a rocking event with the dashing Desi Rockstars.Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814145", "title": "One hour, one death", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Last year, the state saw a person die almost every hour or 22 persons in a day in road mishaps in cities and on state highways. The state ranks seventh nationally with 8,006 deaths as southern states such as Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu have reported more than 15,000 deaths on roads.As per the latest report of National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) - Accidental Deaths and Suicides in India (ADSI), 2011 - the overall rate of accidents has increased in the country and Gujarat is no exception. While number of accidents has increased in all major cities except Rajkot, two cities - Ahmedabad and Vadodara - have reported less number of deaths due to vehicular accidents. As per the report, of the total traffic accidents victims last year, 83 per cent were males. Most of the accidents took place outside major cities as 81 per cent of the accidents took place on state highways. Trucks and heavy vehicles along with two wheelers were found involved in most of the accidents in the state. Over 625 pedestrian met with accidents on state roads and most of them sustained severe injuries or died in the accident. Vadodara reported 26 such incidents.The report also mentions that May reported the highest accident incidents (3,056) and September had the least (2,169). Experts cited reasons such as vacation time and summer as reasons for the higher accident rate. Likewise, most of the accidents were reported between 9 am and 3 pm.Amit Khatri, a road safety expert from the city, told TOI that the data can be seen in two dimensions. \"First of all, the apparent reason is an increase in the number of vehicles that would definitely raise the number of accidents. However, we have to accept that be it cities or highways, we lack self-discipline or respect for rules that often lead to accidents. We tend to speed up on highways when we know that there would be no policeman to catch us,\" he said.Times ViewThe driving test that regional transport offices conduct before awarding a licence is often an eyewash. A good 99 per cent clear it. If so many people are good drivers, Gujarat should not have such a high percentage of fatal accidents. We live in an age in which vehicles can go from zero to 100 in a blink. The roads are silken - but also tailor-made for deadly accidents. A more stringent test should be conducted to screen potential killers on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14817552", "title": "Garment shops observe bandh against hike in VAT", "text": "GUWAHATI: The day-long strike of Assam Textile Merchants' Association (ATMA) left the busy Fancy Bazaar area deserted on Tuesday with all garment shops in the market remaining closed. Even stores of other market areas here and other parts of the state also downed shutters during strike hours.The ATMA called the bandh to protest the state government's decision to impose an additional VAT of five per cent on textile products. The association has asked the government to revoke the decision as it would affect the local textile industry and the distributors of garments here badly.\"Assam is not a garment manufacturing state, it is only a distribution hub. At present, textile dealers, wholesalers and retailers of the surrounding states procure their requirements from Assam. In this process of distribution, the textile trade generates indirect employment and revenue for the state. But after the imposition of VAT dealers from other north eastern states will stop buying from Assam. They will shift their purchases to other neighbouring states, mainly West-Bengal, or directly to the manufacturing states. The textile trade in Assam will collapse. This will be detrimental to the economy of the state also,\" said Subhkaran Maloo, president of ATMA. The textile industry in the state is already subjected to two per cent entry tax, which does not exist in other states. ATMA further said the new taxation rules would not only put additional burden on the common people but will also have a negative impact on the cottage industries of the state.\"In interior areas, textile trade has taken the form of a cottage industry. Women and small households buy cloth in small quantities, stitch garments and sell them in the local haat or weekly bazaars. After VAT imposition, they will now have to purchase and sell their products at higher prices. As a result, local garments from neighbouring states will start pouring in, which will be more competitive in prices. Our state's cottage industry will be affected,\" added Maloo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813876", "title": "Six years on, tree authority exists only in name", "text": "NEW DELHI: In 2007 Delhi was in the middle of its own Chipko Movement. Hundreds of residents were out on the streets protesting the indiscriminate felling of trees to make way for its BRT corridor. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit offered an olive branch to Delhiites, a tree authority with a detailed mandate to preserve the city's green cover.Scheduled to meet at least once in three months, the authority has met twice since its inception in late 2007, according to some members, and about five times according to some others.\"What is the point of having such committees when they are not even meeting. People were placated in 2007, they knew that a special committee had been put in place to look after their concerns about the city's green cover. Little do they know that the committee is a complete sham,\" said a member.Members of the committee include the environment secretary, representatives of three non-governmental organizations, the deputy commissioner of Delhi, two members of the legislative assembly, deputy conservator or forests and two representatives of local bodies.Government sources say the committee is not really needed since it only has an advisory role and work of prosecution for violations under the Delhi Preservation of Tree Act 1994 are carried out by tree officers.\"The forest department under the environment department is taking care of plantation and prosecutions. The authority then matters little,\" said an environment department official.Despite the government's claims, say certain members, the authority has specific powers that involve overseeing the activities of the forest department and actually helping the department by filtering through several pressures that are routinely put on it.The authority is responsible for preservation of trees, carrying out a tree census, development and maintenance of nurseries, getting plantation and replantation done to compensate for trees cut during civic infrastructure expansion and having studies conducted on impact of infrastructural development on trees in the city. \"This gives the authority huge powers to negotiate on behalf of the forest department with other government and private departments when it comes to cutting trees,\" said a source.The importance of the authority is highlighted by the fact that the dangers faced by trees are not all related to the axe. Across the city trees are lopped in the name of pruning, pounded with nails to use as stands and having their roots stifled by cementing around them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14815170", "title": "Guard barges into flat, robs woman", "text": "PUNE: Brandishing a knife, a newly-appointed security guard looted a 26-year-old housewife of cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 64,000 at her flat in a plush society at Dhayari on Tuesday afternoon after threatening to kill her mother and her four-month-old baby girl.The woman, Rakhi Diwan, suffered injuries on her fingers when she attempted to snatch the knife from the guard, Babasaheb Sanadi. She is being treated at a private hospital on Sinhagad road. Sanadi is absconding.Speaking to TOI, Rakhi's mother, Hemlata Kate, said her son-in-law, Niranjan Diwan, was at work at the time of the incident. The family lives on the ninth floor of Madhukosh housing complex.Hemlata said that around 11 am, Sanadi knocked on the door of the flat and asked her to shut all the windows as workers were removing a honeycomb from the building. \"After some time, he again knocked on the door. When Rakhi opened the door, he barged in. He was carrying a rope, an iron hook and a sharp knife. He started yelling at us for not shutting the windows,\" she said.According to Hemlata, Sanadi suddenly began threatening Rakhi and demanded money from her. \"He told Rakhi that he needed money for his mother's treatment and asked her to go to the bedroom. Hearing my daughter scream, I came out of the bathroom with the baby. When he saw the baby, he snatched her from me and threatened to kill her,\" she said.Rakhi then charged at Sanadi and caught hold of the knife. \"However, she sustained injuries on her fingers. I requested Sanadi to take the money but spare us. He took Rakhi's gold chain, some gold ornaments of the baby and cash from the cupboards,\" Hemlata said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14813978", "title": "Techie's body retrieved from lake", "text": "MYSORE: Two days after IBM techie Manjunath M drowned, Pandavapura police fished out the 27-year-old's body from Keretonnur Lake near Mandya.Expert divers helped cops in tracing the body at 6.30am on Tuesday. Manjunath and five colleagues - all from Bangalore - had gone on a weekend trip to the area. He reportedly slipped into the water body and drowned.The body was handed over to his parents after autopsy.Manjunath's father Muniraju has demanded a police inquiry, suspecting foul play. Police have registered a case under CrPC 1973. Manjunath's colleagues told police that he slipped while playing in the water and they tried their best to save him.Srirangapatna sub-divisional DySP Kalakrishnamurthy said the postmortem report is expected in three to four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812391", "title": "Police custody for Delhi thieves", "text": "PANAJI: The five accused from Delhi who were arrested on Monday for allegedly being involved in house-breaking cases, were on Tuesday remanded to three days in police custody.According to the police, preliminary investigation revealed that the accused have been involved in more theft cases in Panaji, Margao and Porvorim.\"The accused have confessed that they were involved in the recent theft cases in Margao and Porvorim, and the police are investigating into the matter\", police sources told TOI.Police sources also said that their investigation revealed that the accused had come to Goa on July 5 with the intention of burgling houses in the state.Additionally, Goa police have confirmed with Delhi police that the accused are involved in theft and criminal cases in Delhi too.On Monday, cops in Panaji arrested five accused who were identified as Sanjukumar Sheetal, 25, Rameshkumar, 42, Tarun Singh, 26, Ramesh Ram, 31, and Geeta Sharma, 21-all residents of Delhi. Cops seized gold and other stolen property worth 10 lakh from them.It may be recalled that the five accused on Sunday had burgled four flats in St Inez and Caranzalem. Due to these daylight burglaries, residents of the two areas had started panicking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14815135", "title": "Parking in Budapest gives Chennai an idea", "text": "A team of ministers and bureaucrats makes a trip to Hungary, visits its capital Budapest and, hey, presto! Chennai now has a plan to end its vexing parking problem.The high-level team from the transport and urban development departments has recommended to chief minister J Jayalalithaa that a parking management authority be set up to deal with the issue that drives motorists up the wall every day.The team has proposed that the authority, comprising Chennai Corporation, Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority and the traffic police, work out a pricing mechanism for parking spots based on the land value of its location and outsource the various components that the system will require.If the proposal is implemented, the city will for the first time have an independent body in charge of parking for its 36.82 lakh vehicles.The team, led by transport minister V Senthil Balaji and housing and urban development minister R Vaithialingam, visited Budapest to participate in the summit 'Sustainable Transportation', organized by Institute of Transportation and Development Policy (ITDP), New York. Members of the team visited various parts of Budapest and saw pathbreaking changes made in its transport systems.They decided to adopt the Budapest model of parking for Chennai. \"The visit helped us explore the possibilities of resolving traffic problems in Chennai, in particular by setting up a parking management authority,\" an official said.According to transport department statistics, two-wheelers make up 28.13 lakh of Chennai's 36.82 lakh vehicles. An exponential increase in vehicles coupled with lack of parking management has resulted in chaos on the roads.\"Parking is a commodity, which has to be priced at market value. If land in T Nagar costs Rs 20,000 per sqft, the parking price should reflect the price of the land,\" said Raj Cherubal of NGO City Connect. Budapest has more than 70,000 official parking lots. Parking fees vary for commercial and residential areas and increase in proportion to occupancy. About 200 controllers check for parking violations. The team suggested that similar methods be employed in Chennai, including monitoring of the controllers by GPS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813906", "title": "Contraceptive use leads to lower births, saves women's lives: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: India saw 42,000 fewer births in 2008 because of contraceptive use. Additionally, the lives of nearly 95,000 women were saved \u2014 60% of maternal deaths averted because of couples using contraceptives. However, even as solid evidence is available on the benefits of increased contraceptive use, only 3 in 5 women in India used contraceptives in 2008.A study announced by the Lancet on Tuesday - on the eve of the massive Family Planning Conference in London - said contraceptive use averts almost 230 million births every year. The Johns Hopkins study said satisfying the global unmet need for contraception of women who want to limit or space their pregnancies but are not using contraception could reduce maternal deaths by 30%, saving around 104,000 lives per year.While maternal death rates have declined in recent decades in most high- and middle-income countries, around 3 lakh women and 3 million newborn babies are thought to die each year because of complications relating to pregnancy and childbirth.Another study released simultaneously led by researchers from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine focused on the 21.6 million unsafe abortions estimated to have occurred in 2008.It said around 13% (47,000) of all maternal deaths in developing countries were caused by complications from unsafe abortions, but contraceptive use could eliminate almost all of these deaths. The researchers found that each percentage point increase in contraceptive use was associated with a reduction of 4.3 maternal deaths per 100,000 live births. According to the authors, \"Especially in rural areas with poor health infrastructure, family planning is the most cost-effective and feasible way to reduce maternal deaths.\"This has now made the health ministry decide to make contraceptives - condoms or oral pills -- available at the doorstep of villagers. The ministry has asked 17 states to start implementing the \"door-to-door contraceptive\" programme. To be implemented in 233 districts of 17 states, Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHAs) will be supplied directly with contraceptives for free.ASHAs will then go door-to-door selling them for just Re 1 for a pack of three condoms, Re 1 for a cycle of oral contraceptive pills and Rs 2 for one tablet of emergency contraceptive. The money will be their commission.Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said improving use of any form of contraceptives -- male and female condoms, IUCDs or pills -- will help India reach its population target of 165 crore people in 2060. India had set itself the goal of attaining replacement levels of fertility -- 2.1 by 2010 -- to achieve the larger goal of population stabilization by 2045 -- a gap of 35 years. However, by the end of 2010, only 14 states achieved the target. In fact, six states have fertility as high as 3-4.According to Azad, villagers give up using contraceptives because they have to travel far for a shop. Second, they feel shy to ask a chemist in a town for condoms or pills.According to officials, children who are born because of lack of poor access to contraceptive services -- also known as the unmet need -- are a major cause of India's population boom. The birth of three and above three children accounts for 45% of the 26 million births that take place each year. Preference for a male child and high infant mortality accounts for 20% of births.Azad had earlier said, \"We can't fool ourselves anymore. Unless the rapid growth of population is contained, it will be difficult to ensure quality education, healthcare, food, housing, clean drinking water, sanitation, hygiene and a healthy environment for all.\"States where this new scheme will be rolled out include Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Bihar, Jharkhand, Rajasthan, Orissa, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh -- where 45% of India's population resides.According to the Lancet study, each year, nearly 50 million of the 190 million women who become pregnant undergo abortions to terminate unwanted pregnancies, and about 13% of maternal deaths are caused by complications of abortion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812179", "title": "Trailer of Salman Khan starrer 'Ek Tha Tiger' banned in Pakistan", "text": "MUMBAI: Salman Khan's film 'Ek Tha Tiger' is in trouble in Pakistan. The Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority (PEMRA) has directed all satellite channels and distribution networks to refrain from airing its promos of the film till an NOC is obtained from the censor board of Pakistan.PEMRA in its letter states, \"The film's content is reportedly based on the activities of ISI and RAW. The basic theme of the film revolves around the ISI with the objective to tarnish the image of the state-owned institution.\"Yashraj Films vice-president (marketing and communication) Rafiq Gangjee said, \"Unfortunately, possibly owing to certain films in the past having shown the country in a bad light, we are having to pay the price with our theatrical trailer of 'Ek Tha Tiger' being restrained in Pakistan.\"The film's director Kabir Khan adds, \"It is because of the jingoistic films on Pak-bashing that our film is suffering. Just because there is a mention of the ISI this problem has occurred.\"Gangjee justifies, \"If you see the body of work of both Yash Raj Films and Salman Khan , you will appreciate that we would never go down this route.\"Khan said adding, \"EK Tha Tiger is not an anti-Pak film and the mention of RAW and ISI in the film does not mean we are showing them in a negative light.'' He adds, \"Unlike the last film 'Agent Vinod' which was banned and had direct mention of the names of senior ISI officials, there is a just a reference.\"Amjad Rashid, distributor of the film in Pakistan, is not worried. He said, \"I knew the teaser of the film would face problems because of the reference but the trailer of the film which we have sent for the censor has no problem. There is a huge demand for the film in Pakistan and territories have been sold at double the price of any other Bollywood film.\" Rashid is he is expecting the film to collect Rs 10 crore. He said, \"It will be screened in 35 places across Pakistan which is huge and three cinema halls in Faisalabad, Islamabad and Karachi will open with Ek Tha Tiger.''To quell doubts about the film's anti-Pak nature, plans are afoot to organize a special preview of the film for the Pakistan government officials and agencies before the censor board clears it.A source said, \"Both Yashraj and the Pakistani distributor has big plans for the film and some officials from Yashraj will be flying down to Pakistan for the release.''Gangjee said, \"We will follow the law of the land and seek an official censor by showing the film to the authorities at the appropriate time. We are confident that there will be no issues.\" The censor board of Pakistan has yet to receive an application from the distributor for clearance of the film.Censor board chief Shahnawaz Noon said, \"The film promos have yet to be cleared by us. Apart from just mention about a Pakistani character or government we also look at the context in which it has been used. We will decide on the film once it is submitted to us.\"Times ViewBanning films, books or promos has rarely made sense. Barring extreme cases where such works are, for instance, aimed at inflaming communal passions, there can be little reason to curb freedom of expression in modern, liberal societies. Unfortunately, bans have been liberally used in the sub-continent. This is only the latest example of this official intolerance in Pakistan. Quite apart from the liberal argument against such bans, governments should also ask themselves how effective a ban on a film can be in the age of broadband and free downloads. Unlike in the past, preventing a film or trailer from being screened in a cinema hall is no longer enough to ensure it isn't seen. So what's the point?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14814665", "title": "Sit less, add 2 years to your life", "text": "LONDON: You may want to go for a walk after reading this: People who don't sit more than three hours a day are more likely to live an additional two years, a new study has claimed. Scientists from Louisiana University in the US found that those adults who are only seated for a maximum of three hours a day typically live an extra two years.Watching television has a similar effect, according to the researchers' calculations. They found that those who limit their daily viewing to two hours live for nearly a year and a half longer, the Daily Mail reported . Experts have long blamed the growing sedentary lifestyles for rising levels of obesity and a lack of fitness in today's adults. This in turn is linked to heart problems, diabetes and many forms of cancer. The new findings, published in the journal BMJ Open, will no doubt cause concern amongst office workers who spend most of the day at their desks.The new research reviewed past studies involving 167,000 adults aged 18 to 90. The researchers compared the subjects' life expectancy with how much time they had spent sitting down and watching television . They calculated that 27% of all deaths in America are partly caused by adults spending too much time sitting down. Similarly 19% of all deaths are in part due to watching too much TV. \"The results of this study indicate that extended sitting time and TV viewing may have the potential to reduce life expectancy in the US,\" they concluded. But other experts said the study certainly did not prove sitting down for too long shortened your life expectancy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14813319", "title": "Bail rejected but accused walks free", "text": "KOLKATA: An accused in the murder of a police constable is roaming freely and making threat calls to the victim's niece. He goes around flaunting a bail order when everyone present in the courtroom on June 21 distinctly remembers that the high court division bench had turned down the bail plea. Who made the last minute change? The court has directed the registrar to inquire into the matter and submit a report. The matter will come up for hearing on Friday.A division bench of justices Ashim Kumar Roy and Toufique Uddin on June 21 heard a bail plea moved by Prasenjit Dutta alias Panka, one among the eight accused who the CID believes has murdered Asit Dam. CID opposed the bail plea. It informed the court that as many as 15 eye witnesses had testified on Prasenjit's involvement in the murder.Dam was attacked by several youths when he tried to stop them from molesting his niece on March 8 at his Bisharpara home in Birati. Dam succumbed to his wounds three days later, on March 11. The case \u2014 which led to a public outcry \u2014 was handed over to CID soon. Within 68 days, CID submitted its chargesheet naming eight people (5 were arrested; 3 absconding), including Prasenjit. Having spent 91 days in custody, Prasenjit moved the high court for bail.Public prosecutor Debasish Roy said, \"In the open court we heard the judges mention that the bail was rejected.\" Dam's niece Mamoni Dhar, also present in the court then, said, \"We also heard the same.\" So did the CID's investigation officer of the case Kaushik Basak. Dhar said, \"On June 29, we suddenly saw Panka in the locality. As it is I am repeatedly being threatened over phone and they had also targeted my home (she'd lodged several complaints with the Airport police station to this effect), I was scared. I informed the IO and my lawyer Tapan Kumar Tewari immediately .\"Roy said, \"We immediately brought this to the notice of the court and requested its intervention. The court then directed its registrar to inquire into the matter and submit a report. The case was slated to come up for hearing on July 10.\"Meanwhile, a scared Dhar also wrote on the same to the Chief Justice of India and Chief Justice of the Calcutta high court. Her letters were assigned to the division bench, already hearing the case. Former advocate-general Bikash Bhattacharya, who is now representing the victim's kin, said, \"As per law, the person has been granted a bail. That is on record. If this needs to be contested, formal procedures have to be adopted. It isn't possible for a court to overturn its judgment overnight? A plea has been made and a hearing will take place.\" \"While the inquiry report is with the court and its contents not known, I can only hazard a guess that it could be a typical typo by the stenographer. For when we checked the rough order sheet, the bail's rejection is clearly mentioned there,\" said Roy.The legalese apart, the implications aren't lost on Dhar. \"Till a few days back he was roaming in the locality. Now that the court is hearing our complaint, he has escaped. I don't know whether he will be caught again.\"A division bench of justices Ashim Kumar Roy and Toufique Uddin on June 21 heard a bail plea moved by Prasenjit Dutta alias Panka, one among the eight accused, who the CID believes has murdered Asit Dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14817209", "title": "Overbridge site shifted after land hurdle", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The site of a proposed foot over-bridge (FOB) project in Jayadev Vihar Square here has been shifted to another location due to a land acquisition hurdle. A state minister had laid the foundation stone for the project on August 31 (Local Self Government day) last year.Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has identified another place close to an under-construction city bus bay near Pal Heights Mall, about 250 meters from the earlier FOB location.\"Adequate government space was not available for the FOB, which was earlier supposed to come up close to Jayadev Vihar over-bridge. Now we have decided to construct the FOB near the bus bay. It will serve the purpose of passengers and other pedestrians,\" BMC commissioner Vishal Dev told TOI.The traffic police wing has given the nod to the new site. Sources said a cut on the road near the bus bay will be closed after the completion of the FOB project. \"Another cut in front of Pal Heights Mall will be widened for smooth movement of vehicles,\" a senior police officer said.Jayadev Vihar Square is considered one of the busiest junctions of the city as a large number of vehicles ply on the Nandankanan-Airport route everyday. Besides, the route houses many corporate offices, hotels and educational institutes. The proposed FOB is aimed at providing relief to pedestrians from the bustling traffic.Local corporator (ward no. 20) Subhransu Sekhar Patnaik expressed displeasure over the new site, however. \"I do not think it will serve the purpose as the original location was much better. We had conducted a proper survey for the project. The proper Jayadev Vihar Square below the flyover always experiences jam-packed traffic, making it difficult for pedestrians and elderly people to cross the road,\" Patnaik said. \"The place where the FOB was supposed to come up has become an accident-prone zone as pedestrians jeopardize their lives while crossing the steep median,\" the corporator pointed out.Meanwhile, the BMC is also planning to relocate the proposed FOB near R D Women's College somewhere closer to Vani Vihar. A third FOB will come up at the usual Ashoka Market near Master Canteen, however.\"Proper survey is required for selection of site. The FOBs should be built at those places where hundreds of people cross the designated roads amid heavy traffic during peak hours,\" said corporator (ward no.36) Sheikh Nizamuddin.Apart from staircases, the FOBs will either have escalators or lifts on both ends. Sources said the developers concerned would pay around Rs 5 lakh to the BMC annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14817190", "title": "Central team arrives in state to assess flood damage", "text": "GUWAHATI: A seven-member central team arrived here on Tuesday to assess the extent of damage to crops, infrastructure and national highways in the current wave of floods.Submitting a presentation on the devastation, it said it requires an estimated Rs 11,316 crore to make up for the losses. \"The central team has been divided into three groups for NC Hills and Karbi Anglong hill districts, upper Assam and lower Assam. The three groups have left for their respective sectors for making spot assessment,\" the source added.The state government has sought Rs 2526 crore immediately under disaster management and another Rs 8790 crore as mid-term requirement, the source said. \"We have told the central team that this is just the first wave of floods and our demand submitted is only for the extent of damage done in the current wave,\" the source added.The government's immediate requirement is Rs 1110 crore for rehabilitation of flood and erosion-hit people, Rs 10 crore for restoration of water supply, Rs 20 crore for restoration of national parks, sanctuaries and Rs 600 crore for restoration of state roads. The mid-term requirement includes Rs 3460 crore for strengthening embankments, Rs 4630 crore for implementation of national highway projects and Rs 700 crore for mitigating flood-related problems in Guwahati.The state government is taking steps to pay ex gratia of Rs1.50 lakh to the next of the kin of each deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "14813857", "title": "Hunger for jackfruit pushes tusker to death", "text": "MADIKERI: A tusker reaching for a jackfruit died on Tuesday after he hit an electric wire in Badaga Banagala near Siddapur.Forest department sources said the tusker, aged around 40, was trying to pull jackfruit from a tree on a slope in a private estate. In the attempt, the tusker slipped and his trunk held a low-lying electric wire. He died on the spot. Another elephant was killed in a similar incident near Pollibetta last month.Assistant conservator of forests Cariappa visited the spot. He said a complaint has been lodged against the negligence of the electricity department as live wires were hanging very low in the estates. An autopsy will be conducted and the ivories will be taken into custody, he said.The villagers had earlier complained that the forest department is doing little to stop elephant menace in and around Siddapur and Pollibetta, forcing workers to stay away from work in the estates. Children often bunk schools as elephants freely roam around the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14811964", "title": "Family planning working: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: A detailed analysis of the 2011 Census of India data reveals a drastic 6% fall in the population of the island city from 2001-11. \"This is historically the lowest population growth in the city. In the suburbs too, the rapidly declining trend indicates that population growth there too would hit zero or touch negative in the next decade,\" says P Arokiasamy of the International Institute for Population Sciences, an autonomous institute under the Union ministry of health and family welfare.Demographers say Mumbai's people shifts are in keeping with global trends where population expectedly peaks at the nascent stages of development and subsequently falls. The city's population peaked till the fifties, with the suburbs seeing exponential growth between the 1950s and 1980s.However, the growth decline can't undermine the challenges posed by the existing population. Five lakh more people were added in Mumbai in the past decade, taking its population to 1.24 crore, with an average of 20,038 persons packed into every square kilometre in the city and 20,925 persons in the extended suburbs.D P Singh of the centre for research methodology at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences says people moved from the city to the suburbs when the real estate prices shot up. This perhaps explains why Thane's population in 2011 has swelled at a rate nearly four times that of Mumbai's suburbs. \"The city limits of Mumbai are saturated which explains the decade-on-decade decline of population. No new industry has come up in Mumbai recently and economic surveys have shown that employment is falling, both in terms of establishments as well as employers,\" he points out. The rehabilitation of slums to far-flung areas may explain some shifts.Most significantly, the declining population growth indicates the success of population stabilization in terms of declining total fertility rate (average number of children per women) as well as better healthcare facilities in terms of lower mortality, believes Arokiasamy. \"It means there is faster diffusion of family planning norms here than in the past,\" he observes.His views are corroborated by Dr Usha Krishna who formerly headed the Family Planning Association of India. \"In the educated middle and upper classes we see a trend of people accepting contraceptives, women delaying first pregnancy and opting for one child\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14812873", "title": "Baby girl left in creche", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another case of discarding an infant baby girl, two persons, probably the baby's parents left her in the creche of Zanana Hospital during wee hours on Tuesday. The case has once again exposed the society where girls are still considered a \"liability\".The infant girl has been named Ananya by the child welfare committee of the Department of Women and Child Development who took the girl to 'Shishu Grah' and later got the baby admitted to JK Lon hospital. Ananya is struggling for life as she has respiratory and rapid heartbeat problems.\"She is under observation and her situation is better now. The child welfare committee took her at 2 pm on Tuesday,\" said Dr SD Sharma, superintendent of JK Lon hospital. He added that Ananya is a premature baby and weighs 2.14 kg. \"Usually the ideal weight for infants in India is 2.5 kg. However, most who are above 2 kg usually survive,\" said Sharma.The child welfare committee has also intimated the Sindhi Camp police about the matter.\"There are cases when single parents or others leave infants in creches. It is not illegal. In this case we will first ensure the girl regains her strength and is fit. Later through advertisements in newspapers we will give three days' time to anyone who claims to be her parents to take her. If no one comes forwards, the baby will be given for adoption legally,\" said Ganpat Acharaya, chairperson, Child Welfare Committee, Jaipur.The case has also exposed the dilly dallying attitude of every agency including police, medical and health, child and women development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814291", "title": "Purti develops new solar water pump", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , who also heads the Purti group that owns several sugar factories in Vidarbha, said his company had developed a new agriculture pump that runs on solar power. For last few years he has also demonstrated use of solar fencing for protecting farms from attack of wild animals.On display at SCZCC premises on Tuesday, on the sidelines of the conference by AgroVision, was a pump gushing out water. Gadkari claimed that engineers of his group had developed it by integrating electronics in a power pack to convert AC power to DC from the solar panels that harness sunlight to produce electricity.\"It's my mission to rescue Vidarbha farmers. So, I conceived this idea of a cheap solar pump. As compared to Rs7 lakh cost of the pump brought from the government agency MEDA, we are offering it at Rs5 lakh on no-profit-no-loss basis. Besides, Purti group will offer a subsidy of Rs1 lakh to needy farmers. After availing of the government subsidy and Purti's discount, many farmers will be able to afford the pump at a net cost of Rs2.5 lakh.\"This will solve the problem of load-shedding and high energy cost,\" said Gadkari. He also exhorted farmers to produce ethanol from husk, stalks and other bio-waste. Soon, we will have motorcycles run on ethanol. An Indian auto company has started exporting these bikes to Brazil. I am in talks with this automaker to introduce them here,\" said Gadkari. Use of ethanol will save country by cutting the huge crude oil import bill, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14815344", "title": "Miss India UK faces 'racial insults' on Big Brother", "text": "LONDON: Five years after actress Shilpa Shetty was subject to racist behaviour on Celebrity Big Brother, Miss India UK Deana Uppal has faced similar 'insults' from a fellow contestant, prompting regulator Ofcom to launch a probe on receiving over 1,000 complaints.Hailing from Birmingham, Uppal is the current Miss India UK and has done modelling assignments in the UK and India.In 2007, following an uproar over racist comments by contestant Jade Goody against Shilpa, Ofcom had ruled that Channel 4 had breached its code of conduct. The issue snowballed into a major row, with the Indian and the UK government intervening. The show is being broadcast on Channel 5. On June 5, fellow contestant Conor McIntyre was reportedly seen screaming at Uppal and was later warned for the aggression towards her.On June 25, he was seen shouting at a weeping Uppal, brandishing her epilator, and abusing her.McIntyre's remarks prompted demands from women charity organizations for his removal from the Big Brother house, saying that Uppal should not have to live with such an intimidating presence. Many took to Twitter to blast Conor's alleged bullying and over 1,000 people lodged complaints with the regulator, prompting Ofcom to launch an investigation into whether the airing of the arguments may have breached the broadcasting code.\"Channel 5 is committed to complying with Ofcom's broadcasting code and will help to facilitate a speedy investigation into this particular episode of Big Brother and Big Brother's Bit on the Side,\" said a Channel 5 spokesman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14815143", "title": "Cochin Shipyard Limited distances itself from 'tainted' housing society", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin Shipyard Limited (CSL) management has asked the office-bearers of the Cochin Shipyard Staff Cooperative Housing Construction Society to change the name of their institution so as to make it clear that the society and shipyard are not officially linked.According to officials of the CSL the step has been initiated following allegations of financial misappropriation against some of the former society office-bearers, and the ongoing probe by various agencies into those charges.The Shipyard officials have also given media ads saying that the society is an independent entity and the shipyard management has no role in its functioning. The allegations against the society which was formed way back in 1975 surfaced after a new managing committee took the reins of it in September 2009.The main charges centred around the purchase of 14.5 acres of land by the society at Nadakkavu, near Mulanthuruthi in 2008 for building houses for the society members, who are also current and former employees of the Shipyard.The then office-bearers of the society had entered into a deal for this with the real estate dealer K P Varghese who had reportedly promised to provide access to the land.However, this promise was not kept by Varghese. It was also found that the land had not been appropriately developed for constructing houses, allege the current office-bearers. The society had reportedly paid Rs 8.13 crore to Varghese for the land which the society members were offered at a price of Rs 86,000 for each cent.The new office bearers then filed a case against Varghese at the arbitration wing of the cooperative department alleging that he had breached the contract by not providing access to the land. Prathap Chandran, former president of the society and present director board member however refuted the charges in the land deal. He said Varghese had to abandon construction of road following protests from some section of the people in the area who were alleging that the land mafia was trying to fill that entire area. He said Varghese had later surrendered the land for construction of the road to the local panchayat, so that it could be developed as a public road.Prathap Chandran also claimed that a high level official from the PWD Roads and Bridges Wing had given a report to the High Court saying that the land was appropriate for construction.When contacted, the Income Tax authorities told TOI here that they had detected mismatch between the prices entered in the documents relating to the land deal and actual amount transacted in the deal.The shipyard officials confirmed that different agencies were probing the allegations against the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814613", "title": "NU failed to act on earlier complaints", "text": "NAGPUR: More skeletons are tumbling out of new revaluation and retotalling scam unearthed in Nagpur University. According to officials, complaints about assistant registrar (revaluation) Sandhya Chunodkar-Handa using wrongful means were received by vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal in January itself. Unfortunately, the administration failed to act on those or the scam would have been nipped in the bud itself, sources said.Chunodkar-Handa, during her visit to TOI office, had herself admitted that similar letters were received at the start of the year against her. She also presented a copy of a letter of enquiry orders of February 18. \"I was probed and given clean chit by Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane,\" she claimed. Surprisingly, Kane pleaded ignorance about any such letter or enquiry conducted by him in the case. \"I don't remember any such enquiry had ever taken place,\" he told TOI.PRO Prashant Mohite refused to comment stating that the case had been referred to Disciplinary Action Committee (DAC) and only it could recommend further action against those found guilty. Officials further disclosed that Chunodkar-Handa, who had asked for and got the charge of revaluation section, was working there since last one and half years after retirement of Vimal Meshram. She has supervised three exams including summer and winter. They claimed number of beneficiaries could be much higher considering the fact that over 60,000 students from all eight semesters pursue engineering in nearly 58 engineering colleges.The first letter in January alleged she had increased seven marks of her son in a particular subject and the second letter in March had similar allegation.Judicial enquiry demandedMembers from NU's statutory bodies called VC's action of sending scam case to DAC as \"sham\" and demanded a judicial probe into the matter. \"The administration failed to act initially and now, after media expose, is just completing formalities. DAC has limited jurisdiction. We demand a probe panel under a retired judge be handed over the case,\" Management Council member Dinesh Agrawal said.Another member called for lodging a police complaint as the case prima facie involves tampering with records and forgery. The members demanded that CoE should disassociate himself as his daughter, studying at Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru College of Engineering, had appeared in summer exams this year. Agrawal said as per rules, the members on Board of Examinations (BoE) and Board of Studies (BoS) had to inform NU if their wards were appearing in any of the exams and they disassociate themselves from any related work. \"Why same rule should not be applicable to officials,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813056", "title": "Plane in Pak drama left for Muscat a few hours later", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's official now. The Airbus A-319, which first gave a warning of all its hydraulic systems failing which forced the pilot to make an emergency landing in Pakistan's Nawabshah airport on Monday morning en route from Abu Dhabi to Delhi, suffered from nothing but a computer glitch that led to the false alarm.The Air India technical team checked the aircraft thoroughly after it reached Delhi at 5.35pm on Monday. And in less than two hours - 7.22 pm to be precise - the same aircraft was winging its way back to the Gulf, Muscat this time, as AI 973 with 78 passengers on board.And it was not the only flight for this aircraft on the most happening day of its life. It took off for Delhi at 11.20pm (Muscat time) with 119 passengers on board.\"Our technical team realized that the alarm may have been false in Nawabshah only after they reached there on the relief flight on Monday afternoon. In fact, the warning light stopped flashing the moment this aircraft landed at Nawabshah. The aircraft was checked thoroughly in Delhi and found fit to get airborne again,\" said sources.On Tuesday, the aircraft (VT-SCG) did as many as eight domestic flights carrying over 627 passengers in all across north and northeast India It began the day by flying to Leh, then returned to Delhi. After that it went to Guwahati from where it operated to Imphal, Kolkata before returning to Delhi at 7.15pm for a well deserved rest.\"We were 100% sure about the aircraft's safety. The computer gave a wrong warning and we are going to get the issue resolved too to avoid similar scares in the future,\" said a senior AI official. Asked why the almost bankrupt airline did not send its relief team with enough money to refuel the A-319 in Nawabshah and the tab had to be picked by Pakistan, he said: \"Fuelling is always done by ground handling agencies at various airports that are paid in due course. It's not that we did not have funds to buy fuel upfront.\"While the episode may have scary moments for those in air and ground, it has managed to generate huge amount of goodwill between Pakistan and India. \"The way they treated our flight, crew and passengers is amazing. Emergency landings for hydraulic failures - suspected or real - happen all the time but many passengers;' relatives were more concerned as their dear ones were inside an aircraft on Pakistan soil. In reality, that turned out to be the first pleasant experience on the otherwise scary flight,\" said sources. The other relief was that the scare turned out to be a false one and everyone was safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14817066", "title": "Commuters harried as roads choked for hours", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Major streets of the city including Johnstonganj Crossing, Thornhill Road, MG Marg, PD Tandon Road, Alopibagh Crossing, Dhoomanganj road, Lukerganj flyover witnessed massive jams on Tuesday with hundreds of commuters, including schoolchildren, getting trapped for more than two hours.Georgetown police had to toil hard to clear the Allahabad-Varanasi route near Sangam filling centre.Commuters alleged that traffic cops and home guards were hardly visible on the roads. Commuters travelling on Allahabad-Kanpur and Allahabad-Varanasi routes were the worst-hit.Traffic police, however, blamed the road digging and bad roads for frequent jams in the city.Traffic inspector IP Singh said additional traffic police constables and home guards have been assigned at all important crossings and intersections and cops have been asked to regulate traffic at busy areas.He added that due to development works, the traffic is moving in slow pace in many areas.At many places, commuters were seen arguing with the traffic cops when the latter failed to clear the snarls.Minto Road resident Dilip Kumar Goswami said, \"Apart from waterlogging, the poor condition of roads has become a bane for commuters and there is no one to hear public grievances.\" He added that the roads have become muddy due to digging and two-wheelers often skid on the roads.Vijay Tiwari, a resident of Naini, said, \"It takes at least one and a half hour to reach Civil Lines from Naini due to frequent traffic jams. He blamed the traffic police department and development agencies for the mess.Mumfordganj resident Pan Singh Supyal said: \"It is impossible to move on the roads during the rainy season due to slippery conditions and indiscriminate road digging.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14810173", "title": "Who to trust?", "text": "He who trusts in God and makes an honest living to share with others and injures no one, nor harbours ill will against another need perform no other rituals.Guru Tegh Bahadur*To trust a stranger without investigation invites troubles so endless that even descendants must endure them. To trust a man who has not been tested and to suspect a man who has proven trustworthy lead alike to endless ills.Thirukkural 51: 508-510*Trust God completely and he will solve all difficulties. Faithfully leave everything to Him and He will see to everything.Meher Baba*So long as we believe in our heart of hearts that our capacity is limited and we grow anxious and unhappy, we are lacking in faith. One who truly trusts in God has no right to be anxious about anything.Paramahansa Yogananda*Base yourself in loyalty and trust.Confucius", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14817489", "title": "Army nabs NDFB rebels, informers in Udalguri dist", "text": "GUWAHATI: The anti-talks faction of National Democratic Front of Boroland ( NDFB) has suffered a blow with the Red Horns Gunners of the Army nabbing five rebels and two women informers, along with weapons, in the Chaglijhar area of Udalguri district on Monday and Tuesday.Based on intelligence inputs, the army with the help of police launched the operation at Natunbasti village in the Chaglijhar area on Monday night and apprehended two Bangladesh trained anti-talk cadres. The cadres were indentified Filow Showlat alias Khunsai and Nerswn Boro alias Norsa. The duo belonged to the 38th batch of the outfit.Following interrogation and information provided by the duo, the army apprehended three more cadres and two female informers from the same area. The trio have been identified as Sensuna Basumatary, Bhagya Boro and Pranjul Basumatary.The army recovered a foreign-made 9mm pistol, 15 live rounds of bullets, 10 Chinese grenades and electronic detonators.The five militants were involved in creating terror in Adivasi settlements of the Chaglijhar area. The army and police swung into action after a group of villagers from Chaglojhar complained the army about the cadres threatening the residents and extorting money.\"The nabbing of these cadres has made the locals feel relieved,\" said an army officer. The army also caught a linkman with one pistol, two rounds of ammunition and 10 kg of narcotics at Mohanpur village in Udalguri district on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "14817748", "title": "Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna wins Sitarganj assembly seat", "text": "DEHRADUN: Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna on Wednesday won the Sitarganj assembly seat by a record margin of 39,954 votes over his nearest BJP rival to retain the top post.The victory margin is the highest in all the assembly elections in Uttarakhand so far, officials said.At the end of the last round of counting of votes, Bahuguna won 39,954 votes to beat BJP's Prakash Pant, a former cabinet minister, said Radha Raturi, Chief Electoral Officer.Sitarganj byelection was held on July 8 to decide the fate of the chief minister, who had to win the election to continue in office.The by-election was necessitated after BJP MLA Kiran Mandal quit in favour of Bahuguna.Immediately after the results, Bahuguna thanked the people of Sitarganj for giving him a big victory and said he would now work for development of Uttarakhand, particularly Sitarganj.The byelection in Sitarganj was marred by allegations of rigging with the state election Office ordering an inquiry by the district magistrate to verify them as the BJP had formally lodged a complaint seeking to cancel nomination of Bahuguna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812127", "title": "Arrest warrant against Kurnool rural water project director", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh Lokayukta Justice S Ananda Reddy has issued an arrest warrant against the project director of Kurnool rural water management agency and directed the police to produce the officer before the court on September 13.The officer had to explain why he did not comply with the order of the court apart from clarifying his statement that he had filed an affidavit when it was actually not done. Though the issue relates to non payment of bill amount to a work in Nandavaram village, the project director complicated the issue by choosing to first neglect the order of the Lokayukta and then misleading the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14815096", "title": "Kochi goes ga-ga over 'Beyond The Lines'", "text": "KOCHI: On Thursday when 'Beyond the Lines,' the autobiography of veteran journalist Kuldip Nayar is released it will fly off the shelves in the city bookstores in no time. The book, which has already sparked off controversies, from Lal Bahadur Shastri's hankering for power to Narasimha Rao's puja for Babri Masjid demolition, has a slew of readers waiting to lay their hands on it.Published by Roli Books, the autobiography, priced at Rs 595 has been booked well in advance in many stores in Kochi. Enquiries are pouring in, as every day brings out excerpts that paint a picture from the Indian politics of the past. All the five copies ordered by Current Books have already been booked, and the store is planning to bring in more. \"Many readers have paid the money in advance, and there is a growing waiting list. It seems readers are waiting for the book to hit the market,\" says Madhu, manager, Current Books.The much-awaited take on India's development from a newly-freed country is complete with tales of corruption, power race and of course, politics. His comments have started countrywide debates, on whether Shastri was poisoned, and what influence Lady Mountbatten had on Nehru or whether Pakistan had the nuclear bomb.One reason for this special interest in Nayar's book is that his name is familiar to Malayali readers, as his former works have been translated to Malayalam. In fact, there was a huge demand for the translation of 'Beyond the Lines' much before its official release.\"The Malayalam translation will be published within three months. We have been flooded with enquiries from readers as Nayar's earlier works like 'Scoop' are available in Malayalam. People here seem interested in reading about an inside version of national politics,\" says Naushad K, manager, Mathrubhumi Books.Meanwhile, many readers are not waiting for the book to arrive at the stores. They have ordered the 432-page book through Flipkart and such online stores.The price has been reduced to Rs 417 in Flipkart, and it has attracted many web-savvy readers to get the work delivered at their doorsteps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814142", "title": "Dip in accidental deaths", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state reported a slight decrease in cases registered as accidental deaths by police. These are cases where the cause of death is not apparent as suicide or murder. Compared to 24,882 deaths in 2010, the state police registered 24,401 deaths last year. Except for Rajkot, the three remaining major cities also showed a decrease in such cases.As per National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB)'s report Accidental Deaths and Suicides in India (ADSI), 2011, Gujarat ranks 15th in reporting accidental deaths. Ahmedabad tops in the state with 1,723 deaths whereas Rajkot, Surat and Vadodara reported 844, 1,546 and 673 deaths respectively. Rajkot has the ninth highest rate of accidental deaths (deaths per one lakh population) nationally.\"The decrease can be explained by a change in pattern of reporting of most of such cases. While, earlier, the cases were not registered as suicides, now people have started accepting that their loved ones might have ended their own lives. Another factor is availability of speedy health services due to which in cases such as drowning, fires or industrial mishaps, victims can be saved with quick intervention,\" said a senior state police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14817003", "title": "Jagannath temple closed before time", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has sought a report from the Jagannath temple administration about the circumstances leading to the untimely closure of the shrine's door on Monday. Notwithstanding the controversy, the temple was closed ahead of schedule also on Tuesday. The Singhadwar (Lion's Gate), the main entrance to the 12th century shrine, was shut at around 9:30 pm, as against the normal closing time of 11 pm to 11:30 pm.On Monday, the sanctum sanctorum as well as the main shrine, which remain open till beyond 11 pm everyday, became out of bounds as the door was shut between 7.45 pm and 8 pm, much to the chagrin of hundreds of devotees, who were forced to return from the entrance.\"I have directed the temple administration to find out as to why the temple was closed before the scheduled time, causing hardship to pilgrims,\" said state law minister Bikram Arukh.Senior bureaucrat and chief administrator of Jagannath temple administration Arvind Padhee said action would be taken against those (priests or shrine staff) involved in the early closure of the temple. \"Even if the priests completed all the rituals on time, they should not have closed the temple so early as it was only around 8 pm. Hundreds of devotees were waiting to catch a glimpse of the deities,\" Padhee told TOI. \"We have clear guidelines that the temple should be closed between 11 pm to 12 am. Today I have strictly instructed priests and temple staff to abide by the rule,\" he added.Monday's incident was a surprise as the temple has never witnessed timely completion of rituals in living memory. There were occasions in the past when the deities had to remain hungry for several hours due to delay in rituals. Around 22 types of complex rituals are performed at Jagannath temple daily. The routine rituals begin around 5.30 am as per the daily schedule.Last week, the temple administration had set certain conditions to priests to facilitate timely solemnization of rituals and smooth darshan of devotees. \"Proponing of rituals is not desirable at the cost of public darshan. Priests have violated the condition,\" Padhee pointed out.The temple administration has decided to allot more time to devotees to have a darshan of the deities in the sanctum sanctorum during sahanmela (one hour in the morning) every day.On Tuesday, also, the temple was closed ahead of schedule. The Singhadwar (Lion's Gate), the main entrance to the 12th century shrine, was shut around 9:30 pm, as against the normal time of 11 pm to 11:30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814331", "title": "Deadline gone, work is on\u2026", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Step out of your house and chances are that you will stride right into a puddle. The first spell of the monsoon showers drenched the city and lifted the spirits of denizens, but unfinished civic works are major hurdles on city roads.Though the deadline set for these civic projects by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) was pre-monsoon, the digging and road widening works are still going on in most parts of the city. The civic and infrastructure projects have thrown the city life out of gear at almost all places with traffic jams reported from all parts of the city.As per the monsoon action plan prepared by the corporation, all digging work should have come to an end by June 15. But as one drives down the city, it is easy to spot civic work going on at almost all places. Take a drive from Shivranjani to Amli, and you would find that the work of the bus rapid transit system (BRTS) is on full swing without any hindrance.Similarly, as you drive down the road alongside IIM-A campus to Vastrapur lake, you will spot soil testing going on for a flyover connecting IIM-A and Vastrapur. Ahead, as if to add insult to injury, work is under progress for widening of road. Not only in these areas, you can find a similar, if not worse, situation in almost all parts of the city. AMC officials when contacted said that the contractors prefer to continue with the work, despite the onset of the monsoon.\"If we stop the work, the AMC would impose heavy penalty for not completing the work in time and hence one would prefer to continue with the work rather than stopping it midway for the rains,\" said a contractor requesting anonymity. The contractor said that the AMC should give them additional time if the work has to be stopped during the monsoon. But they just issue a general advisory and do not give any extra time.A senior officer pointed out that this year the AMC elected wing was also in a hurry to commence projects. The wing wants to begin all work as it is the year when assembly elections are slated to be held. A senior AMC officer pointed out that the AMC was aware that the rains were to follow, but it recently issued work order for soil testing near the IIM-A for its flyover project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14813412", "title": "Accident leads to confusion, buck-passing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a road accident involving a Punjab Roadways bus and a motorbike near the Sector 34 roundabout there was widespread confusion over the jurisdiction of the police station.The driver of the bike sustained injuries and was referred to PGI. Kirpal Singh, SHO of Sector 34 police station said, \"We had got information about some accident. We verified the jurisdiction and found that the spot falls under the Sector 19 police station. So you should contact them.\"Harjit Kaur, SHO of Sector 19 police station, she said, \"This accident spot does not fall under the jurisdiction of our police station. The in charge of the police post in Sector 22 is handling this case.\" However, when the Sector 22 police post in charge sub-inspector Ram Rattan was contacted, he said, \"I have not got any information about this accident. You should contact the police station of Sector 19 or 34.\"Surprisingly, even the police control room operators, who were contacted twice, were not sure as to which police station did the accident spot fall under. \"You should either contact police station in sectors 19 or 34,\" said the operator. When contacted again, a female operator said, \"A roadways bus accident has occurredin Sector 17. Contact Sector-17 police station.\"When Sector 17 SHO Ram Gopal was reached, he expressed his ignorance. In charge of the Sector 22 police post had passed the buck regarding the case, later police personnel there agreed that the accident spot fell under their jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14817470", "title": "Horticulture mission for NE region", "text": "SHILLONG: The Centre recently released Rs 493.13 crore under the horticulture mission for the northeast and Himalayan States for 2011-12. The mission aims at increasing fruit production, processing, research and marketing. The per capita availability of fruits and vegetables has increased to about 169 gms/person/day and 332 gms/person/day respectively in the country.\"The horticulture mission for the northeast and Himalayan states was launched during the year 2001-02 to achieve overall development of horticulture in 8 states to harness the potential that exists in the NE region,\" an official statement issued here said.According to the release, the Centre also launched the National Horticulture Mission (NHM) during the year 2005-06 to provide holistic growth to the horticulture sector through an area-based, regionally-differentiated strategy, supply of quality planting material, production and productivity improvement, technology promotion, extension, post harvest management and marketing.On the other hand, the NE states would be getting Rs 100 crore this year from the Union agriculture ministry for supporting various activities relating to rice cultivation under the National Food Security Mission (NFSM). \"All eight northeastern states, including Sikkim , are being covered under NFSM-rice this year. Till last year, only Assam was covered under NFSM-rice,\" a release read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14812058", "title": "New Decision Review System research to be shown to BCCI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The International Cricket Council's (ICC) latest attempt to soften the Indian cricket board's (BCCI) opposition to the Decision Review System (DRS) includes a plan to send a delegation to display recent research conducted by Dr Ed Rosten, an expert in computer vision technology.Cricket Australia chairman Wally Edwards, while likening the BCCI-ICC standoff over the issue to the Obama government's standoff with Syria , told a website that the research - meant to emphasise the accuracy and reliability of ball-tracking technologies - had been \"unfortunately\" let off the agenda of the ICC executive board in Kuala Lumpur last month after some members, including India, objected to the tabling of the proposal to make DRS use mandatory.\"ICC had got some independent research done on the accuracy and all those issues. Now unfortunately they didn't present that information to the board,\" Edwards told a website, adding: \"India have agreed and the boards have agreed for ICC management to go to India and take all the information, take their presentations, take their technical support and talk to them over there.\"'Not just India is sceptical'Interestingly, Edwards emphasized that apart from India, some other members of the board too had expressed reservations over DRS use.\"India are willing to look at it, but they're sceptical, and others are too - it's not just India. I think it is part of the game for the future, but it's a good time to review. Unfortunately, if that presentation, or whatever it is they had, had been presented to the board it might have changed things.\"ICC had got some independent research done on the accuracy and all those issues. Now unfortunately they didn't present that information to the board.\"The research will be shown alongside details of enhancements made to Hot Spot, the infrared cameras used to detect edges that have had their accuracy questioned in recent times.'Can't steamroll India'Edwards said: \"It (DRS) looks accurate, but from their (BCCI and objecting members) point of view they are reluctant just to accept it as gospel. I think it is possible they'll change, but we'll have to wait how they go with this new information in India.\"Interestingly, the CA chairman likened the challenge to the Obama government's unsuccessful attempts to convince Russia and China on what action should be taken to force Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from power.\"You have to respect that they (BCCI) have views,\" Edwards said, \"We can't just steamroll them, we're not in a position to. They're a member of the ICC like we are or England are and we can only achieve what we can achieve. It's a bit like Russia and the USA in the United Nations , and China.\"You can achieve what you can achieve but it takes diplomacy. We can't move India. India have to move themselves. We can advise them that we want to use DRS but as it currently stands they've got the right to say they don't want to use it.\"BCCI reiterates standReacting to Cricket Australia chairman Wally Edwards's comments, IPL chairman Rajeev Shukla told TOI, \"The stand adopted by BCCI president N Srinivasan is clear. The board continues to oppose the move because it is technologically not 100%\".\"Our stand is that the DRS should be determined on a series-to-series basis by the two boards of the national teams who are playing against each other. It doesn't make much difference to BCCI what Cricket Australia thinks about it.\"Times ViewThe BCCI has made its position on the decision review system amply clear on numerous occasions, but it must remain open to being convinced by fresh evidence. It must also reconsider its position that unless the UDRS is proved to be 100% accurate, it will continue to oppose its use.Technology must continue to strive to get better all the time and the ICC must keep pushing for such improvement. But insisting on perfection before allowing the use of technology makes little sense.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813738", "title": "Hi-tech makeover: Kendriya Vidyalayas to get 500 e-classrooms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kendriya Vidyalayas (KVs) are all set for a major transformation. From a pilot project involving creation of 500 e-classrooms across 50 schools to introduction of mobile multimedia teaching devices and provision of digital teacher's diary to all teachers, KVs will provide an ICT-enabled learning environment.KVs already boast of one of the highest student-computer ratio. The Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) plans to provide tablets to students Class IX onwards from 2013. Gaining in strength from 20 schools in 1962-63 to 1,087 in 2012, and catering to over 1.05 million students across India, the KVs have been one of the best performers in the CBSE Board exams. They will now be adding another feather to their cap.Avinash Dikshit, commissioner, KVS, told TOI: \"Although we have one computer for 22 students, the computers are present only in the laboratories. The idea is to use technology in classrooms to enhance the learning process. The e-classroom pilot project will start from August this year \u2014 one section from classes III to XII across 50 schools will be equipped with computers, projectors, interactive white boards and internet connectivity.\" The estimated cost of the 500 e-classrooms would be Rs 10 crore.What's more, even the course content would be unique. Using the 40,000-strong teaching staff, the KVS has created its own content and digitized it for all courses from Classes III to XII from 2012. \"Normally, we use readymade content found in NCERT textbooks. Since we have a large number of teachers, we used their creativity to develop our own content, which will make the subjects interesting, but it's within the NCERT-prescribed syllabi. With the use of ICT and multimedia tools, teachers can now demonstrate the functioning of a human heart in a more comprehensive manner rather than drawing diagrams on the blackboard,\" added Dikshit.While the pilot run of e-classrooms is being restricted bigger schools (with three sections in each class), 700 other schools are being identified where mobile multimedia devices will be used as projectors in classrooms. So far, 28,000 teachers have been equipped with ICT skills by Intel and Oracle. \"We are also giving 90% interest-free loans to teachers for purchasing laptops,\" said Dikshit.Teachers across 300 KVs are already being given a electronic comprehensive teaching learning tool (ECTLT) or a digital teacher's diary to help them plan what they will teach.\"It also has a evaluation component which maintains a complete record of the teachers as to how and what they have taught or how they have conducted the classes. Moreover, it records each student's performance which can be accessed by the parents as well,\" informed Dikshit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14817638", "title": "FDA raided and sealed an illegal gutkha manufacturing unit at Cholla", "text": "BHOPAL: The officials of the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) raided and sealed an illegal gutkha manufacturing unit at Cholla, where tobacco mixed gutkha products were being packed in plastic pouches.According to FDA sources, four gunny sacks of supari, one sack each of kathta and zarsa along with 10 kg magnesium carbonate were confiscated. The factory was located in a rented house at Nav Jeevan colony and was operating illegally for the past six months, said an FDA inspector.Selling of tobacco mixed gutkha was banned by the state government which came into effect from April 2012. Taking a serious note of the violation, the FDA inspectors booked owner Praveen Kumar Gupta under the Section 26 of the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006.Further charges would be imposed after a laboratory test report, which is expected within a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817615", "title": "Uchalya is based on social issue", "text": "Sachin Khedekar has joined the series of movies coming up in Marathi film industry on social issues with his upcoming movie 'Uchalya.' Sachin Khedekar gave the clap and did the mahurat of his upcoming film. Child artiste Vivek Chabukswar gave the first shot for the camera in a scene directed by Samit Kakkad.The shoot took place at Basra studios in Mumbai. The movie is expected to release by the end of this year.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14817948", "title": "Militants threaten to attack Pak soldiers, govt installations", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Taliban-linked militants have threatened to carry out more attacks on soldiers and government installations similar to an assault on a Pakistan Army camp that killed eight security personnel on Monday, according to a media report on Wednesday.Police found a pamphlet at the site of Monday's attack near Gujrat city in Punjab province that warned more attacks would be carried out by militants if NATO supply routes to Afghanistan were not closed, The Express Tribune quoted an intelligence agency's report as saying.Another intelligence agency's report said terrorists linked with the banned Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan, who were involved in an attack on security personnel at Pir Chambal, were planning more attacks on government installations.The agency's report on Monday's attack said an \"unregistered motorcycle with a time bomb was found and the bomb was defused\" after the assault. A grenade lying in bushes exploded after the attack but caused no damage.The report said police had \"found a pamphlet in which it has been threatened that their (militants') activities would continue in future due to restoration of NATO supply\".A group of militants using a car and motorcycles attacked the army camp on the banks of the Chenab river early on Monday morning, killing seven soldiers and a policeman.The security personnel were part of a rescue party that was searching for the body of a pilot who drowned when a military helicopter crashed on May 23.According to media reports, the Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan had claimed responsibility for the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14812915", "title": "Judicial custody of police officers extended in bribery case", "text": "AJMER: A designated ACB court here on Tuesday extended the judicial custody of arrested IPS officer Ajay Singh and his subordinate ASI Prem Singh July 23. Both were trapped in bribery case by an Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) team on June 21. The ACB sought some more time from court to complete investigation.\"Ajay Sigh was brought from Jaipur while Prem Singh was brought from Ajmer central jail and produced in the court,\" said Masnish Tripathi, additional SP, ACB. He added that they asked court for some more time to file chargesheet to which the court agreed.It was believed that Ajay Singh will move a second bail application but he waited for the chargesheet to be filed in the court. The major witness Bhawani Singh - produced by ACB - has shifted all charges on ASI Prem Singh and had uttered not a single word against Ajay Singh in his statement given in court under Section 164 CrPC.\"Prem Singh called me from Ajmer on March 2 in the matter of investigating the Mars build home financial forged matter. He informed me that my name is also in the case and the vehicle that was given by the company has to be seized by them. He asked me to meet in this matter\"Statement further said that, \"I came to Ajmer on 15 March and Prem Singh came in his Indigo car at bus stand and we talked in his car about this matter. He first asked me to produce the car which was gieven by the company as they have to seize the vehicle. He then fixed one lakh fifty thousand rupees to submit in government treasury.\" The witness also said that, \"Before meeting Prem Singh, I went to ACB Jaipur and met officials there. On 14 June I arranged rupees one lakh and again went to ACB office Jaipur. There they took the numbers of currency and also used powder on it.\"The witness further said in the court that he went to Jaipur on 21 June to carry the money bag which was given to ACB office and took the identified money from officials and then on 22 June he left Jaipur for Ajmer. In his long statement he put all onus of threatening to arrest and demand of bribe on ASI Prem Singh and uttered no charges against IPS Ajay Singh. The statement was recorded on 2 of June in MJM court on the application moved by ACB to register the statement under section 164 CRPC.Whereas ACB still have to complete the homework and sources said they are busy in getting FSL reports of the mobile conversation transcription of Prem Singh, Ajay Singh and Bhawani SinghIPS Ajay Singh was deputed in Ajmer as a probationer and took the charge of Circle officer South. Singh remained in controversy since his joining and there were charges of demanding bribe through lower staff was made by certain people. \"The important one was the video clip released by the Mumbai businessman who was brought arrested by the local police in dowry harassment. The clip showed that the ASI demanded money on the name of Ajay Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14816896", "title": "Science Express puts green awareness on the right track", "text": "RANCHI: Science lovers in the city, specially those interested in environment sciences, are in for a treat as a special 'Science Express' will make Ranchi railway station its home for the next few days.The train, a joint venture of the Union environment and forests ministry and the department of science and technology, aims at increasing public awareness of the rich biodiversity of the country.The specially designed airconditioned train with 16 bogies will be open to visitors till July 13. Divisional railway manager Gagan Malaya inaugurated the train. \"It will help the students learn more about environment, science and climate-related issues. I hope more and more students take advantage of this facility,\" he said.Since October 2007, the train has been running across the country. Till now it covered 68,000 km and over 63 lakh people have visited it.The decade 2011-2020 is being celebrated as \"United Nations Biodiversity Decade\" and this period has also been declared as the UN decade for deserts and the fight against desertification. The \"Science Express\" is an initiative in this connection.Eight of the bogies are exclusively dedicated to environment and forest. The bogies showcase the Himalayan region, Gangetic plains, India's northeast, and deserts in Rajasthan, seashores among other natural symphonies. These bogies will present a picture of the present state of the flora and fauna, challenges that they presently face and their pre-history. The bogies also showcase the efforts the government has undertaken to conserve them.Among the remaining bogies, one is dedicated to climate change. The bogie tells about actions undertaken to preserve the climate. Likewise, another bogey is dedicated to energy conservation. A group of instructors are available on board the train to guide the students. The train has come from Dhanbad and will go to Raurkela on July 14 to stay there till 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "shantiniketan", "code": "14813802", "title": "Parents scoff at Visva-Bharati offer to let girl study from home", "text": "SHANTINIKETAN: The Patha Bhavan principal finally found the time on Tuesday to call the parents of the Class V girl who was forced to lick her own urine by her hostel warden. The girl's father shot back: \"So it took you 72 hours after the incident to inquire about her well being?\"The girl's parents are livid not only because of what happened to their chikd but also because they were arrested on Monday on the basis of an FIR by Visva-Bharati. The parents had a steady stream of calls and visitors all through Tuesday \u2014 from vice-chancellor Sushanta Dutta and Patha Bhavan principal Bodhirupa Sinha to Bolpur SP Hrishikesh Meena \u2014 but they are far from mollified.Visva-Bharati took the extraordinary decision of allowing the victimized child to study from home but the parents refused the offer. Furious over the cavalier manner in which the university initially treated the case and got them arrested, the parents want to shift her to another school.At Patha Bhavan, the only secondary school run by Visva-Bharati on its campus, all students except the wards of university employees and alumnii have to stay in the hostel. The authorities made an exception in this case after the Bolpur court asked them to be cooperative and sympathetic towards the child and her parents.The principal called the girl's father around noon on Tuesday to enquire how she was, and got an earful from him. A little later, the V-C's office called up to inform them that the child would be allowed to attend school as a day-scholar. Dutta confirmed to TOI that he had taken the step \"temporarily\", keeping in mind the girl's trauma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812713", "title": "Secunderabad Cantonment Board to promote rainwater harvesting", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) will follow in the footsteps of Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) and construct rainwater harvesting (RWH) structures in its jurisdiction. Though the RWH structures should have been in place before the arrival of monsoon, the SCB officials claim it is never too late to start a good initiative.\"We have experienced severe water crisis this summer. The HMWS&SB; could not supply the assured quantity of water to us. Adding to the problem, groundwater in the Cantonment area also got depleted. Of 200 borewells in the Cantonment area, 150 have dried up completely,\" an SCB water works official told TOI.\"In view of the recent experience, we felt the need for construction of rainwater harvesting structures. Initially, we will educate and encourage citizens to construct RWH structures by distributing pamphlets containing information on how to build them,\" the official added.Initially, the SCB would spread awareness about the concept in 100 residential colonies in Mahendra Hills, Trimulgherry, Bowenpally, Bolarum and Marredpally. \"We will give technical assistance to construct RWHs. The residential association has to bear all the expenditure for construction of RHW on their premises,\" added.A proposal would also be moved to make RWH structures mandatory either at the time of new water connection or sanctioning building plan. The proposal would be tabled before the next Cantonment Board meeting to be held shortly, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14812854", "title": "Pension hiked to Rs 300, to benefit 14 lakh", "text": "PATNA: Beneficiaries of widow and disability pension schemes in Bihar would now get Rs 300 per month instead of Rs 200 per month so far. The decision will become effective from April 2012.The state cabinet on Tuesday took the major decision to increase the amount of pension by Rs 100 per month under four social security schemes: Indira Gandhi National Widow Pension Scheme, Laxmibai Social Security Widow Pension Scheme, Bihar Disability Pension Scheme and Indira Gandhi National Disability Pension Scheme. The move would benefit around 9.75 lakh widows and 4.20 lakh differently abled persons covered under the four schemes in the state.Approving four proposals of the social welfare department in this regard, the cabinet also gave its nod for release and expenditure of Rs 507.49 crore for payment of pension under the four schemes in the current financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817140", "title": "Prithviraj and Narain in Lal's new film", "text": "Director Lal Jose's new film is 'Ayalum Njanum Thamil'. Prithviraj and Narain are playing the male lead in the film while Remya Nambeesan , Samvritha Sunil and Rima Kallingal will be seen in female lead roles opposite them.Prathap Pothan, Salimkumar, Kalabhavan Mani and Prem Prakash are the other stars of the film. The script of this film by Sanjay and Boby. The shooting will start from 11th July at Shornur.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14817846", "title": "BJP to take action against 36 dissidents", "text": "KANPUR: The state unit of Bharatiya Janata Party is ready to take action against 36 dissidents, who had contested the recent civic election and opposed party candidates.A list had been prepared and the party leadership is going to take action against them. According to state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpai, notice to all the dissidents would be issued soon. They would be expelled from the party. Addressing newspersons, he said that party had expelled 19 volunteers from BJP for anti-party activities and notice had been issued to 36 members.Bajpai said that after civic polls, the local unit had recommended action against 91 persons. A committee would be constituted to identify such persons.He said that the party would launch its membership campaign from July 15. Forgery would not be tolerated in it. Leaders would join have prepare an army of ground-level workers. Elections would be held for the office-bearers and on the demand of volunteers, ballot papers could be used for the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817530", "title": "MIFTA Awards press meet", "text": "The press meet of MIFTA Awards saw the who's who of the Marathi film industry attending in full glory. The meet took place on 9th of July at Blue Sea in Mumbai.Mahesh Manjrekar , Chandrakant Kulkarni, Manasi Naik, Vandana Gupte, Sameer Dharmadhikari, Siddharth Jadhav, Bharat Dabholkar, Ashwini Bhave and several others were seen at the event.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14815063", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation gives cash compensation for land in Kharadi", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee on Tuesday decided to give cash compensation against a piece of land acquired in Kharadi for a road project.\"Normally, compensation is given in the form of transferable development rights (TDR) or Floor Space Index (FSI). But in this case we decided to give cash,\" said Baburao Chandere, chairman of the committee, at a press conference on Tuesday.Chandere said the PMC has acquired 1700 sq ft land in Kharadi for which Rs 17 lakh will be paid to the owner. Asked if the PMC would consider a policy giving cash against all land acquired in the future, Chandere replied in the negative. \"We had two proposals from owners, one in Kharadi and another in Baner, for giving cash compensation instead of FSI. The Kharadi proposal has been approved while a decision in the Baner case will be taken soon,\" Chandere said.The committee postponed its decision by a week on a proposal suggesting privatisation of a slaughter house in Kondhwa.The PMC also approved a tender of Rs 10 crore to lay a water pipeline from Erandawane to Chatushrungi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "seeleru", "code": "14812607", "title": "Naxals torch construction vehicles", "text": "SEELERU: Maoists set fire to five vehicles, including a JCB proclainer and a tractor, at Nakkamamidi under the Balimela police station limits close to Seeleru on Monday. Forty armed Maoists poured petrol on the vehicles belonging to a Pune-based construction company and torched them.The vehicles were being used in lay a road from Balimela junction to Malkangiri in Odisha. Before leaving the area, Maoists pasted posters and warned the contractor of dire consequences if the road works were not stalled.Malkangiri division committee led by Gajarla Ravi alleged that the road-widening works were being taken up as part of Operation Green Hunt to target them. The rebels opposing road works in interiors are now targeting major road works from Balimela to Malkangiri, which could provide road link to 40 villages, police said. The guerrillas had ambushed personnel of AP Greyhounds in the Balimela reservoir on June 29, 2008 in which 37 cops died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812406", "title": "Rain lashes Panaji's suburbs, but city witnesses only 4.1mm", "text": "PANAJI: Heavy rain lashed Porvorim and suburbs of Panaji on Tuesday, but the city received only 4.1mm of rainfall during the day, sources at the meteorological centre, Altinho, said.Spells of heavy showers raised speculation over whether the monsoon had become active again, but there is no warning of heavy rainfall for the next 24 hours. The forecast is intermittent rain, heavy only in a few areas.Panaji received 4.1mm from 8.30am to 5.30pm on Tuesday and only 2.7mm during the 24-hour period ending 8.30am on Tuesday.The highest rainfall of 61.5mm during the 24-hour period till Tuesday morning was recorded in Valpoi while the second highest of 32.8mm was recorded in Quepem. Mormugao and Dabolim received only .9mm and .6mm respectively. However, Pernem has recorded the highest amount of rainfall during the season so far with 1917.2mm recorded till Tuesday morning. Quepem recorded 1642.3mm, Panaji 1478.9mm, Mapusa 1440.6mm, Valpoi 1422.2mm while other centres recorded less rainfall during the season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14817162", "title": "35-yr-old woman found murdered", "text": "INDORE: A 35-year-old woman was found murdered on bypass road near Truba College on Tuesday. The deceased identified as Poonam Sharma, was a wife Dwarka Prasad Sharma resident of Vrindavan Colony.According to Rajendra Nagar police, the police control room received a call from a passerby, informing them about a woman lying dead near Khandwa road bypass. When the police reached the spot, they found that the body was repeatedly stabbed on her neck and stomach.According to the investigation, the police said that the woman was possibly murdered elsewhere as there were no traces of blood around the body. The body was thrown on the bypass after being brutally murdered.According to the Banganga police station, the woman was missing since Monday afternoon, and the family had not officially launched any missing report. However, after the body was found near Khandwa road bypass, Rajendra Nagar police have registered a case against the unidentified accused.The body was identified by the family and was sent for autopsy, the report is still awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812278", "title": "Goa doesn't need Sudhakar Reddy's lectures on secularism: Sangma", "text": "PANAJI: Independent candidate for the presidential election P A Sangma said except for one independent and nine Congress MLAs, everybody has assured him of support for his candidature for the presidential post.Sangma was on a short visit to Goa as part of his presidential poll campaign.Speaking to mediapersons, Sangma said \"MGP, GVP has extended support to me. I have spoken to Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco and I am grateful to all of them\".He said, \"I like Goa because the culture and thelife habits of Goa and the North East people are very similar.\"Sangma said that he had been told that the Congress candidate will not visit Goa because he does not give importance to nine MLAs.\"For me, I value every single vote that is the reason why I am in Goa and I appeal to the Congress to vote in my favour.\" Reacting to the AICC secretary Sudhakar Reddy that Pranab Mukherjee is a secular candidate, Sangma said, \"If a Goan Christian has accepted the BJP and elected so many MLAs on a BJP ticket, who are they to give us a lecture on secularism. We don't take lectures on secularism.\"Reacting on the differences within the NDA on his candidature, Sangma said it is not UPA, NDA and the Left which has differences, even individual political parties are having differences. \"Tomorrow, you will see that the entire Lucknow city will be decorated with posters and banners by BSP against the decision of their leader,\" said Sangma.So far, Sangma has garnered support from around 14 political parties including BJP. Sangma has so far visited Madhya Pradesh , Gujarat, North East states, West Bengal , Maharashtra and Goa to meet MLAs and MPs to seek support of his candidature.Speaking to mediapersons, BJP national secretary Prakash Javdekar said that after taking over the Union finance ministry, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has been blaming everybody else but not himself.\"Inflation, prices going up and the rupee price going down. For all this, he (Singh) is blaming former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee. We are raising the issue here that if you find Pranab Mukherjee is unfit as a finance minister, then how can an unfit finance minister become a fit president of India,\" said Javadekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14814963", "title": "Lawyers to stay off courts for two days from today", "text": "KOCHI: The state lawyers will stay off court for two days from Wednesday as a mark of protest against the High Education and Research Bill (HERB), alleging encroachment upon the functions of the Bar Council of India as well as the State Bar Councils by the ministry of human resources development.The decision to support the Bar Council of India's call for a strike was adopted by the Bar Council of Kerala in a meeting of the state council and all bar associations of Kerala on July 1. However, it is learned that government law officers of the high court have been directed to attend court as usual by the advocate general. In addition to HERB, lawyers across the country are demanding that legal education should be excluded from the purview of the National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institutions Act of 2010. According to the Bar Council of India, HERB and NARAHIA would result in control of educational system by a few nominees of the HRD ministry. These proposed legislations would curb the independence of the legal profession and enable direct control over lawyers, the legal profession and legal education.HERB would take away the duties and functions of the Bar Council of India and the state-level bar councils and proposes to vest all these powers with a national commission controlled by a few academicians, the bar councils allege.Lawyers of Kerala would stay off courts for two days from Wednesday as a mark of protest against the High Education and Research Bill (HERB) and alleging encroachment upon the functions of the Bar Council of India as well as State Bar Councils by Ministry of Human Resources Development.The decision to support the Bar Council of India's call for a strike was adopted by the Bar Council of Kerala in a meeting of the state council and all bar associations of Kerala on July 1. However, it is learned that government law officers of the high court have been directed to attend courts as normal by the advocate general.In addition to HERB, lawyers across the country are demanding that legal education should be excluded from the purview of The National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institutions Act (NARAHIA) of 2010.According to the Bar Council of India, HERB and NARAHIA would results in control of educational system by a few nominees of Ministry of HRD. These proposed legislations would curb the independence of the legal profession and would enable direct control over the lawyers, legal profession, and legal education. HERB would take away the duties and functions of the Bar Council of India as well as the state-level bar councils and proposes to vest all these powers with a national commission controlled by a few academicians, the bar councils allege.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14814978", "title": "Lawyers to strike work, but courts will function", "text": "PUNE: All the 125 courts in the district will function as usual on Wednesday and Thursday despite the strike call given by the Pune Bar Association (PBA). On Tuesday, the association gave a call to lawyers to abstain from work to oppose the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill 2010, which seeks to divest the elected, statutory lawyers' bodies of its jurisdiction over legal education.Vidya Mishra, registrar of the district and sessions court, told TOI that over 50,000 cases come up for hearing daily before the courts in the district and litigants cannot be put to inconvenience just because the lawyers are joining the nation-wide strike.Mishra said, \"The courts have nothing to do with the strike. They will function as usual. The absence of lawyers will not deter the courts from deciding on matters like bail pleas, police custody remand, claims petitions, injunction applications, recording of evidence and other important work. The courts had functioned even when its employees had gone on strike.\"\"If an accused is arrested in a bailable offence and produced before a court, the presiding officer will have to decide the bail plea on the same day. It cannot be kept pending just because the accused is not represented by a lawyer,\" Mishra said.Quoting a Supreme Court ruling, Mishra said the strike amounted to contempt of court.Earlier, PBA president Ashok Sankpal held a general body meeting and passed a resolution that lawyers in the district should abstain from work in view of the call given by the Bar Council of India (BCI) and the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa.\"We have appealed to lawyers not to appear in matters like bail and police custody remand. The PBA has appealed to courts to co-operate with them and restrain from passing ex-parte orders,\" he added.Sankpal said that the lawyers are of the view that the Higher Education and Research Bill, Foreign Educational Institutions (Regulation of Entry and Operations) Bill, 2010 and the National Law School Bills, 2011 are deliberate attempts to bring foreign institutions to India.The PBA resolution states, \"The Indian culture, institutions, poor students, the bar, and future generations will be the ultimate sufferers. The HRD ministry is bent on weakening the lawyers' bodies and these bills are a direct attempt to weaken the state bar councils and the BCI.\"The resolution adds: \"The central government should exclude the institutions of legal education from the purview of these bills. There can be no higher authority than the legal education committee of the BCI for accreditation of the institutions imparting legal education in India and the National Accreditation Regulatory Authority shall have no jurisdiction with regard to institutions of legal education.\"Harshad Nimbalkar, member of the state bar council, said that the lawyers will organise a dharna outside Gate No 4 of the sessions court on Wednesday at 11.30 am. On Thursday, they will hand over a memorandum to the district collector.Nimbalkar said the lawyers are governed by the Advocates Act and without scrapping the act, the government cannot impose restrictions on them.Senior lawyer S V Kanetkar said, \"The government plans to take all powers of the state bar councils and the BCI. The council's chairman will not have power and the independence of local bar associations will also be lost.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812558", "title": "\u2018Students must get to take home Q papers\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Observing that students must be given their question papers, the Bombay high court on Tuesday directed the Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) to show the MHT-CET 2012 question paper of physics and chemistry to a student to check if the key answers of these subjects are correct.A division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by Ashwini Patankar (17), challenging the \"unusually low marks'' she secured in the physics and chemistry paper. Her petition said that despite her excellent academic record in which she secured 97 out of 100 in biology, she got just 63 out of 100 in physics and chemistry.On June 21, 2012, the DMER said after a verification of her original answer sheets and key answers of the question paper version 22, there was no change in Ashwini's marks. Ashwini was given a copy of her answer sheet and key answers. She noted that in the key answer sheet, the DMER had made a mistake in framing two questions and for which students were given full marks. But Ashwini's plea said without a copy of the question paper, she did not know what the question was and if the key answer was correct. DMER officers told her that she cannot question the correctness of the key answers or whether it was wrongly fed in the computer.Ashwini's advocate Mukesh Vashi said, \"The Supreme Court in its 2011 judgment has questioned the secrecy of question papers when students have already read them.'' The judges, concurred with him, saying in view of this verdict, question papers in all faculties should be allowed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814171", "title": "Men shy away from family planning", "text": "LUCKNOW: They may be 'the man' in the family, but when it comes to 'planning their families', men in UP lag behind. Sample this: Against 4.82 lakh women who opted for sterilisation in 2010-11, only 21,115 men came forward. Figures from the third district level health survey also suggest apathy of men towards family planning. \"Only 0.5% men could dare to undergo the surgical knife for vasectomy,\" said the report.\"Our experience shows that when a couple adopts family planning measures, it is the woman who has played a role. Also, such women have a say the family,\" Dr Neelam Singh, a city-based gynaecologist and social activist. She added that the desire or pressure for baby boy keeps families away from family planning. \"Family planning is not only important for better growth of the children, but also for the health of the mother,\" she said.This is despite the fact that sterilisation procedure in men is simpler than for women. Head of urology department at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University, Prof SN Shankhwar attributed vasectomy's unpopularity to a fear that it inhibits male virility. \"Vasectomy camps gained notoriety during the late 1970s, as reports of compulsory vasectomy and botched operations started doing rounds. The shadow of controversies followed by rumours like vasectomy causes infertility , it would deprive men of sexual pleasure among others. In the light of these events, vasectomy camps are still viewed suspiciously,\" he said.He added that though the myths are common among rural men, urban men too have such fears. Asserting that the fears were a farce, expert urologist Prof Diwaker Dalela said that there are many positive points associated with the vasectomy. \"Any man who truly loves his wife must come forward for this if he wishes to plan his family,\" he said.He enumerated four reasons for this. Firstly, tubectomy is done in an operation theatre with a proper dose of anaesthesia; vasectomy can be undertaken under local anaesthesia. Secondly, the whole vasectomy procedure is complete in about 5-10 minuets, tubectomy takes more time. Thirdly, tubectomy is done with the help of a laproscope, which means that only an expert hand can do the job. In case of vasectomy, a plain MBBS with simple three-day training can take up the job. Lastly, there is interference with the abdominal cavity which may cause infections and menstrual complications like excessive bleeding and pain in the abdomen in tubectomy. Besides this, there is risk of intestinal injury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14815191", "title": "Despite court orders, dalit evicted from home", "text": "PATIALA: The family of a dalit has been attacked twice, allegedly by Fagan Marja village sarpanch, with help from some cops, to grab the land they have been tilling for the last around 30 years, after taking it on lease.The family was thrown out of their home and land, despite stay orders from a court. The accused are roaming free openly without any fear of law.Police allegedly kept dalit Lachman Singh, along with his family members, in illegal confinement for over two days and tortured them, so as to terrorize other residents of the village, sources said.Police have even refused to register an FIR over the robbery committed twice in Lachman's house, first on May 15, 2012 and then again on July 2, 2012, against the sarpanch and his supporters. They had entered the house after breaking the gates when the family refused to open doors and took away household items in a tractor trolley, with the help of police. Since then, the family has been staying in a single-room dilapidated accommodation.\"Cops are acting as private army of sarpanch and an Akali leader of the area. This is despite stay orders from a civil court on May 9, 2012. The house was looted on May 15, 2012.\" alleged Darshan Singh, district president of Bhartiya Kisan Union (Dakaunda).\"On both days, cops accompanied sarpanch Gurmeet and stood guard outside my house during the loot. When I showed him court orders, the sarpanch abused me and my family and said that he is the highest judge of the village,\" Lachman Singh alleged.The village sarpanch, in connivance with panchayat and rural development officers, allegedly changed the revenue records and gave five acres of land, which Lachman had taken on lease, to some other influential persons of the village without conducting the mandatory auctioning. But when the family got to know about it, they secured stay orders from court, which could not stop the sarpanch and cops.The family has announced to start an indefinite huger strike in front of DC office here on July 22 if the authorities fail to ensure justice.When contacted, Tripadi SHO, Karnsher, denied the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "14817403", "title": "One arrested for trafficking kids", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Police arrested a person on Tuesday for luring 52 children from Mohana area in Gajapti district to Digapahandi in Ganjam district with the promise of providing them a good education. Arun Kumar Patnaik of Anangapur village near Digapahandi was booked in a cheating case for falsely promising the children's parents to admit the former in a school, said Chikiti sub-divisional police officer B N Dehuri. Patnaik was arrested based on the FIR of a parent, the police officer said. Patnaik had allegedly taken the children to Ganjam on May 17 last and had collected Rs 3,500 from the parents of each child to admit them to school. He, however, did not admit the children to any school, the parents alleged. tnnLocal people, in association with police, rescued the children from a house in Anangapur village on Sunday. The Child Welfare Committee (CWC) handed over 26 children to their parents on Monday, while seven children were united with their parents on Sunday. Ten more children were united with their families on Tuesday, sources said. Nine more are still in the custody of Berhampur Child Line and they will be united with their parents through the CWC after their address is found, said an activist of the organization.The incident came to light close on the heels of 36 children from the tribal-dominated district being rescued from two places in Tamil Nadu and police arresting an alleged middleman involved in the trafficking of 12 teenagers from the district to Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14818127", "title": "Threat to lives of people living at archaeological site \u2018Jajmau Tila\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: Lives of several people are at stake due to the laxity of district administration. Many people living on ancient 'Jajmau Tila' (Jajmau Mound), which is one among the conserved archaeological sites of the industrial city can loose their lives in any accident, anytime.The big mound at the corner of 'New Ganga Bridge' is a sign that one has entered in the city of Kanpur. This mound is nearly 3,400 years old and has its own historical significance, which tells us about the old civilizations.Unlike the other historical and archaeological structures, the Jajmau mound is crying for its betterment. More than the mound, the people living on it need immediate attention. In rainy season the mound has become slippery and commuting through it, is life threatening.\"We are living here for past 89 years. Our grand parents constructed the house on this Tila. We have registry of this property and no one can take us out from here,\" said Anwar, living in Manohar Nagar (another name of Jajmau Tila).It was at the same time, an old man started climbing the stairs with a bucket full of water in his hand. The man when asked that didn't he feels scary while coming down the mound in rainy season or in dark, as no street light arrangements or proper stairs for commuting are available here.He readily replied that we have constructed stairs, which were destroyed by National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) during the making of 'New Ganga Bridge'.The locals of the area also claimed that many accidents have taken place in past years where people living on Mound fell while commuting up or down from mound. But there is no one to help them, as they are living on illegal land.It is important to mention here that people have phone bills and 'Rashan Cards' of this place as Manohar Nagar, which is actually an archaeological site and living of people here is totally illegal.When TOI contacted to officials of UP State Archaeological Department (UPSAD), who are responsible authorities for conserving this site, the officials informed that they have sent several letters to the district administration of the city yet no action has been taken to remove heavy encroachment from this mound.\"This structure is almost 3,200 years old, as per our study. The place gave evidences of existence of five pre-historical periods namely Pre-Northern Black Polished Ware (NBPW), NBP (popularly known as Mauryan Period), Sunga and Kushan, Gupta and Medieval at varying heights of the 'Tila'. Yes, we are conserving it and people have no right to live on any archaeologically conserved place,\" said Rakesh Tiwari, Director UPSAD.He added that at the time of construction of 'New Ganga Bridge', the responsibility of constructing the walls around the mound was given to NHAI. But after completing the construction process of bridge, the NHAI authorities surpass this issue.Ram Vinay, another official of UPSAD informed that they have sent several complaints to the district administration, Kanpur to remove encroachment from Jajmau Mound but the concerned authorities never paid any heed to them.\"We do not have man power, so that we can remove encroachment. And we can neither construct walls around Mound, as this is the responsibility of NHAI. We are helpless in this issue,\" added Ram Vinay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14812234", "title": "'Think positive and taste success'", "text": "PONDA: Stating that only positive thinkers can achieve success in their lives, principal of PES Education College Shashi Gaikwad appealed to students to always think positively to excel in life. She was addressing the students of St Mary's school in Ponda on Tuesday morning.The Margao-based Vision Education Society (VES) organized a workshop on developing a positive attitude at the school hall. The function was attended by a large number of secondary students of St Mary's school.Ponda range forest officer Santosh Phadte, former student of the school and assistant professor of the Goa College of Engineering Vikas Chodankar, VES chairperson Remediana Dias, vice-chairperson Mily Fernandes and principal of the school Sr Florence Geetanjali Fernandez also addressed the students.Explaining, Gaikwad said that only positive thinkers can see the invisible and do different tasks. \"To achieve success in life, each person should be confident about one's abilities. When we think we can do something, we can do it,\" Gaikwad said.Stating that positive thinking is a higher thought, Gaikwad said, \"When you praise someone from your heart , the whole world will seem beautiful.\" Phadte agreed, saying that people can complete any task within any time frame if they think positively about it. \"This also leads to excellence,\" he said.Chodankar said positive thinking can help students excel in other fields as well. Fernandes gave a presentation on the subject.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14817405", "title": "Wall collapse toll mounts to seven", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The death toll in the anganwadi wall collapse incident rose to seven on Tuesday after two more children succumbed to their injuries sustained in the mishap near Ranpur in Nayagarh district on Monday. While four-year-old Pradumna Pradhan died at Sum Hospital in Bhubaneswar on Tuesday, a girl identified as Ankita had succumbed on Monday night at a government hospital.Three children were killed on the spot when a rain-soaked brick wall of the make-shift anganwadi centre at Nelia Upper Primary School at Suansia Sahi collapsed on them when they were having mid-day meal. Two others had succumbed to their injuries later.Going on a damage control mode, the government on Tuesday announced a review of the premises of all anganwadi centres. \"We have asked the district collectors to assess the condition of anganwadi centres and take steps to relocate the unsafe ones. Such unfortunate mishaps must not reoccur,\" women and child development (WCD) secretary Arti Ahuja said. The collectors were given time till July 13 to review the centres.Of the 71,000 anganwadi centres in the state, only 30,000 have their own buildings. While 20,000 centres were functioning from primary schools, others were functioning on rented premises. Stating that there was nothing wrong in anganwadi centres being run from schools, schools and mass education minister Pratap Jena said, \"These are like pre-schools. There is no harm in these being run on the premises of primary schools. However, I have also asked our department to assess the situation of these centres to ensure safety of the premises.\"Anganwadi workers protested the suspension of two of their colleagues after the incident terming that they were not at fault. A delegation of All Odisha Anganwadi Workers and Helpers Association met the WCD secretary requesting her to revoke the suspension. \"No anganwadi worker is in a position to decide the premises. They can't be faulted for such an incident. In fact, the workers themselves were injured and may have been killed,\" an association spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14814907", "title": "Survey to assess number of DTH, cable connections", "text": "PUNE: The Pune division of the state entertainment tax (ET) department will undertake a survey to get the exact number of cable network consumers and direct to home (DTH) connections registered in the city and Pimpri-Chinchwad, with the help of computer software. This will help the department to tighten the noose on cable operators evading tax by under-reporting the number of cable connection holders.The department will compare the properties in the city on which property tax is paid with the list of projected cable and DTH connections. Officials added that the property tax receipt number will be used as a unique identification number for the cable or DTH connection for that particular property.Current estimates from the ET department say that the district has 2.25 lakh cable connections, 6.67 lakh DTH connections and approximately 1,000 cable operators.Deputy commissioner of the department's Pune division Lahu Mali said, \"Cable operators give us an affidavit listing the number of connections. They pay a tax of Rs 45 per month per connection on the basis of this list. However, we found out that the sum total of all cable and DTH connections projected is less than the total number of properties, [which is inconsistent] considering that every household property these days has a cable or DTH connection.\"The department has asked the civic bodies for the lists of household properties in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad that pay property tax. This list will then be compared to the list of projected cable and DTH connections in various properties in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad, already available with the ET department. The properties that do not figure in the 'projected' list will then be physically surveyed to check for cable or DTH connections, which will help the authorities to calculate the actual number of such connections. The procedure will be done online.\"We had undertaken such a survey in the past, but it was a manual, door-to-door survey, which was time-consuming. The current method is quicker and accurate,\" added head of the ET department, Gitanjali Shirke.Meanwhile, the department has decided to computerise the process of paying entertainment tax, wherein cable operators in the district will be required to pay tax online instead of manually. \"This system will enable them to get an online receipt after the payment of the tax,\" added Shirke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14813731", "title": "As minorities face attacks, Pak MPs seek shield for them", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Parliamentarians from Pakistan's minority communities on Tuesday complained of killing, robbery and harassment and demanded protection against such incidents.Speaking in the National Assembly or lower house of parliament, lawmakers Darshan Punshi, Lal Chand and Manwar Lal highlighted several incidents of discrimination with members of the minority Hindu community at Mirpur Khas, Shahdad Kot and Mirpur Mathelo in southern Sindh province. They demanded that the government should take action against those responsible for such incidents.Darshan was the first lawmaker to raise the issue in the House and referred to the case of one Gul Bahar Shah, a minority citizen of Mirpur Mathelo, who was forced to vacate his house.The PML-N lawmaker said Shah's house was displaced from his house, which was occupied by some influential persons of the area, and demanded an inquiry into the incident.He also mentioned another incident at Shahdad Kot, where the house of a member of the Hindu community was robbed and a child was shot though no culprit was arrested for the crimes.Lal Chand, a Pakistan People's Party parliamentarian, informed the House about the murder of a member of a minority community and said that the alleged murderer, Feroz Khan , was free and police had not arrested him despite his identification. He also referred to incidents of robbery and theft and the snatching of ornaments from women of a minority community and demanded that the Sindh government should be asked to take action in such matters. Manwar Lal raised the issue of the Balmik temple in Lahore and claimed its income was being usurped by an official of the Evacuee Trust Property Board.He described the official as a member of a \"mafia\", which was forcing the shrine's 'pandit' to surrender his right to receive income from shops located in the temple complex. The lawmakers urged the federal government to consider the \"rising sense of insecurity\" among the minority communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14813932", "title": "Clueless passengers queue up for Tatkal tickets early in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Booking of Tatkal tickets under the new railway guidelines kicked off on Tuesday. But chaos prevailed at the reservation counters at the City and Cantonment stations. People seemed to be clueless about the 8 am timing being deferred by two hours and ended up flocking the counters at the crack of dawn.Earlier, Tatkal reservations used to open at 8am for trains leaving the next day. Though technically they remained open through the day, the tickets used to get over in a jiffy.The railways had introduced a slew of measures amid increasing complaints about misuse of the Tatkal scheme.Under the new system, Tatkal tickets will be sold between 10am and 12 noon. Tokens will be issued at the entrance between 10 am and 11 am for people to queue up before the counters. Besides, all counters will issue only Tatkal tickets between 10 am and 10.30 am. There will be no general booking during these 30 minutes.An official release from the South Western Railway has also banned agents of the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC), Rail Travellers' Agents (RTA) and Rail Travellers Service Agents (RTSA) from booking Tatkal tickets during these two hours.Though the railways had given adequate publicity in the media about the new system, railway ticket seekers seemed to be completely in the dark.\"I learnt about the changes when the railway cops asked for formation of a separate Tatkal queue at 10am. But the inconvenience is that there is no general ticket sale from 10 am to 10.30 am,'' said James Aimal, resident of Bangalore.It was a hassle-free experience for those who knew of the new guidelines. I came at 10.10am as I knew about the changes. I am happy that the wait time has reduced,\" said Mukesh Purohit, resident of Mumbai. He said the scene was better in Bangalore than in Mumbai.Railway officials will monitor the situation.I came to the station very early as I didn't know about the new timings. Not many hassles under the new system. No touts were allowed. Everyone had to show their ID cards to be allowed inside,\" said Manjeshwara Babu .NEW GUIDELINESTatkal tickets sale: 10am to 12 noonIssuance of tokens: 10am to 11amNo general booking, counters will issue only Tatkal tickets: 10am to 10.30amCarry ID proofsNo agents will be allowed inside reservation officesWatch TV on trainsSoon you can watch TV while travelling to Chennai or Hubli. South Western Railway has launched infotainment via transit television system in Bangalore-Chennai Shatabdi Express on Tuesday. This will be simultaneously launched in Bangalore-Chennai Lalbagh Express and Bangalore City-Hubli Jan Shatabdi Express.Each coach will have two television sets in the centre facing either ways for people to see railway information, advertisements and infotainment related to kids, health, news, movie clips and celebrity interviews.\"The main objective is to keep people entertained and give them a good travel experience,'' said KH Muniyappa, minister of state of railways, at the launch of the system.He said that this will be facilitated in Bangalore-Hubli Intercity and Shimoga Intercity Express too. A private television channel will be setting the programme display. It will initially contain a one-hour programme which will be repeated during the journey, divided into a 15-minute section on railway information like trains schedules and the rest of 45 minutes will broadcast infotainment clips and kids programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14813007", "title": "Clubbing sanitation charges with power bills unjustified : Experts", "text": "JAIPUR: The state cabinet's decision to allow collection of sanitation charges through electricity bills has evoked a public debate with the consumer rights experts terming the government move as 'unjustified'.The experts believe that the civic bodies were already collecting the urban development tax-besides a couple of other service charges-from the residents and, as such, were under an obligation to provide clean cities. Still others assert that the state government legally cannot include the charges of a particular service with the bill of another service it was providing. Moreover, the government's method of calculating the sanitation charge in proportion to the electricity consumption was 'faulty'.\"Including sanitation charges in the electricity bills is unjustified. The government has come up with just a 'recovery idea', since people were unwilling to pay for its poor services,\" said advocate Davendra Mohan Mathur, who practices consumer law at the sessions court, Jaipur.\"For power bill there is a meter that measures the consumption by a household. So a consumer is protected against being charged for a service that has not been provided to him. But how will this right be safeguarded in case of sanitation?\" Mathur asked, as he explained that whether or not the sanitation staff turned up everyday, the consumer would now have to shell out the fixed charges added to the electricity bill or face the threat of losing the power connection.Last week, the cabinet decided to levy user charges on the residents for providing facilities like door-to-door garbage collection and disposal, cleaning the drains and maintaining the roads in eight cities. The cabinet approved that the charges be clubbed with the residents' power bills. The government has prepared different slabs of power bills according to which the consumers would be charged for sanitation facilities.\"For nearly a year now the government is charging water conservation cess and the user-face cess with the electricity bill without issuing any notification for levying these taxes. The residents have not resisted, so the government has found an easy way to club different service charges with the power bills,\" said advocate Prakash Shukla. He pointed out that the government was burdening the residents with a series of civic taxes, including the urban development tax and the road tax and was even considering to impose a property tax, but was failing to provide any better service.The residents were also finding the proposal to link the sanitation charges to power bills as \"funny\". \"Does the government want to imply that a family with fixed number of members disposes off more garbage when it consumes more power?\" said Meenakshi Sharma, a resident of Vaishali Nagar, as she mentioned about changes in electricity bills during summer.People residing in apartments where electricity bills were generated separately for the individual flats and the common services like running water supply pumps and lighting the corridors would get charged twice under the proposed method.Proposed sanitation chargesDomestic consumersPower bills user charges per billRs 1001 to 2000 10% or Rs 100 (whichever is more)Rs 2001 to 5000 Rs 150Rs 5001 to 10,000 Rs 200Rs 10,001 and more Rs 300", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "amrtisar", "code": "14818004", "title": "Sikhs to welcome Olympic Torch with Roti Roll Langar in UK", "text": "AMRTISAR: World will witness Sikhism's wonderful tradition of Langar (free kitchen) on July 21 when Sikhs will distribute free 'Roti Rolls Langar' to public to commemorate the carrying of the Olympic Torch by 101-year-old marathoner Fauja Singh.\"We are proud to share with the public, the 500-year-old Sikh tradition of serving free meals, (langar), to celebrate the carrying of the Olympic Torch on July 21 by Fauja Singh,\" told Parvinder Kaur, project manager of Langar 2012, Sikh NGO, United Sikhs on Wednesday.Third Sikh master Guru Amar Das had formalized the institution of langar uniting the Sikhs by establishing two key concepts of Pangat and Sangat.Project director, Langar 2012 , Mejinderpal Kaur said that branded in yellow t-shirts, specially designed with Fauja Singh's image, each volunteer, from the Sikh community and those invited from multiple faiths and backgrounds would come together to serve free meals to the local community of the five host boroughs of the Olympics. The langar would be distributed at key points of the 30 mile Olympic Torch Route from Greenwich Park to Waltham Forest Town Hall she added.She said: \"It was expected that there would be several langar service points in each of the five boroughs that the route traverses, each serving at least 1,000 Roti Rolls within two hours. The Roti Roll Langar is anticipated to reach thousands of people who would have turned up to cheer the day the Torch arrives in Newham, where Fauja Singh will carry the Torch.\"\"Waheguru has given me all the opportunities to do all the other things in life both sporting and personal. I pray that Waheguru will allow me to fulfill this dream of carrying the torch in my home city in less than a fortnight. It would be the icing on the cake. To me this is as important as when I received a telegram from the Queen on my 100th Birthday last year,\" said Kaur while quoting Fauja Singh.At present, 15 gurdwaras from South and East London had agreed to participate and five more gurdwaras were in the process of deciding. \"We are inviting Gurdwaras from outside London from as far as north as Scotland to as far west as Wales to partner the London gurdwaras to set up more 'Langgar 2012' service points informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14814317", "title": "?Gaping manholes show no lessons learnt", "text": "GURGAON: Three uncovered manholes in Sector 45 clearly show that the civic agencies have not learnt their lesson even after the tragic incident of four-year-old Mahi falling into an abandoned borewell. These uncovered manholes are on the road leading to Kanhai Village from Greenwood City, in Sector 45.M M Lal, vice-president, Residents' Welfare Association (RWA) of Sector 45 said, \"The HUDA contractor dug two manholes at the site for sewerage purposes. Instead of putting new covers on the manholes, covers from the existing manholes nearby were lifted and put on them. For more than two months the site has been in this condition.\"The residents are not even satisfied with the sewer work done by the authorities here.The schools reopened on Monday and children have started using this road frequently. Mother of two, Sonali Dholakia, said, \"Little ones often run around carelessly and chase each other. We are in constant fear that any of them might fall into a manhole.\"The RWA has complained and requested HUDA to cover the manholes and clear the debris which has solidified over the months. They sent the pictures of the uncovered manholes to HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar on Sunday morning for immediate action in order to avoid any accident.In response to that, Kumar on Tuesday evening said, \"I wasn't aware of these uncovered manholes until this minute. I'll have them covered tomorrow.\"A pit dug for rain water harvesting is lying uncovered since two months. It is not filled with sand or gravel for filtering purposes, nor is there a word of caution around it. The situation requires immediate attention as with the arrival of monsoon, such uncovered sewer lines will not only lead to overflowing of sewage in residential area, but also be death traps for children.Mahi Upadhyay fell into the borewell at Kasan village near Manesar, while playing with her friends on June 20. She had died within hours of falling into the drain. Her body was taken out of the 68-foot-deep borewell after rescue operation lasting 85 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14812820", "title": "JDA to accept local development panel's records", "text": "JAIPUR: To expedite the regularization process of Prithviraj Nagar (PRN) scheme the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has decided to accept the records from the local development committee of the area. According to JDA officials, the housing societies and private colony developers falling under the Prithviraj Nagar scheme have been asked to deposit the records within one month. However, if the housing societies and developers fail to do so, the JDA will approach the local development committee and consider those records.The PRN scheme is house to around 1,100 colonies; however, the JDA has a record of only 112. An officialsaid, \"They will check cases of fraud and double land deeds. The documents will be checked twice. \"He added, \"The record of other colonies is not available with the JDA. As per JDA's survey in 2008, in 1,100 colonies 23,400 houses have been constructed. Around 5,100 commercial units have been constructed in the scheme.\"There is good news for the affected house owners too as the state government is planning to rehabilitate them under the scheme, claimed officials. A source said, \"There is also a possibility of providing residences in middle income group (MIG) B housing scheme to the affected owners.\"According to the officials, the recent draft prepared by the authorities had estimated the number to affected houses under the scheme to be 2,201. Nearly 480 houses in south and 1,721 houses in the north in Prithviraj Nagar will be affected. \"For developing roads and providing other amenities to the allottees, several houses will be affected. We are planning to allot houses to those affected under the same scheme,\" an official said.Under a previous plan, nearly 6,000 houses were affected in order to provide various facilities to the residents. \"The width of the roads in the area was reduced so that not many houses are affected. The width of proposed 200 m road was reduced to 180 m,\" the official said.Meanwhile, as the Prithviraj Sangharsh Samiti has shown apprehensions about the higher development charges. On Monday the Jaipur Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (JVVNL) and Public Health Engineering Department (PHED) gave an estimated cost of Rs 962 crore for providing water and electricity in approximately 11,600 bigah scheme. Giraj Singh Khangarot, president of PRN Samiti said, \"The estimate is approximately Rs 80 crore more than the earlier one for providing water and electricity in the scheme. This means the poor residents have to give more money for regularization. We will protest if the residents are charged more money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812463", "title": "Dismiss PSI Sawant for assault: Goa Su-Raj Party", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Su-Raj Party (GSRP) has petitioned the director general of police to dismiss from service Valpoi PSI Datta Guru Sawant for the \"brutal and humiliating assault\" on a party member, Vincent Fernandes, on June 26.The GSRP stated this at an event to launch the party's youth wing. Party general secretary Floriano Lobo declared that the youth wing would take up the issue till the PSI is dismissed. GSRP also petitioned chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who holds the home portfolio.Lobo said the party opposes the Mopa airport and demands that the Indian Navy return the land it occupies at the Dabolim airport.GSRP president N S Dumo said, \"Many demands of the youth are not met. Only promises are made.\"Anabelle Pereira, GSRP member, said the IT habitat in Dona Paula, which she said was a victim of \"corrupt politics\", should be revived as it could help generate jobs. Youth wing president Jocelyn Pereira said rising unemployment needed to be addressed. He said the economic survey points out there will be 2,35,000 youth who will need jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14812375", "title": "50 malaria cases detected in three weeks in Candolim", "text": "Calangute: There has been a sudden spurt in malaria cases detected at the Candolim primary health centre (PHC) in the last two weeks. While 26 cases were detected in the six months till June, the intense monsoon spell of the last two-three weeks saw 50 new cases of malaria being detected, according to medical officer in-charge Dr Sachin Govekar.\"There has been a large influx of migrant labour in the last couple of weeks,\" he said. \"I was a little worried in the last 15 days because of the large number of malaria cases. So we doubled our efforts and I also requisitioned the services of a malaria inspector to bring the situation under control,\" he said.He said staff from the Candolim PHC have been visiting areas from where the malaria cases have been reported to check all residents living in those localities. The blood samples are collected on slides and examined the same day at the laboratory at the PHC. If any more malaria cases are detected then the treatment is given on the same day by evening. Apart from this, they have also started fogging in some areas, besides taking other preventive measures. The cases have been reported from different areas of Candolim, Calangute and other neighbouring villages.\"After two weeks we should not be having any problem,\" Govekar said. \"Last year, we had a total of 228 cases. This year, I don't think there will be more than 150 cases.\" There have, however, not been any cases of filaria, chikungunya , dengue or Japanese encephalitis. The Candolim PHC had only recently held a workshop on vector-borne diseases to create awareness amongst villagers at the Calangute panchayat hall.At the workshop, Govekar had cautioned that malaria is usually brought into the area by newly-arriving migrant labourers. Monsoon time is the peak season for malaria, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814065", "title": "BJP whole-heartedly agrees with Salman Khurshid", "text": "NEW DELHI: To Congress's chagrin, BJP lost no time in seizing law minister Salman Khurshid's \"unplugged\" comments on the state of the ruling party to say it whole-heartedly endorsed the senior leader's assessment that Rahul Gandhi had failed to deliver on all fronts.BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said, \"As the leader of the future, he (Rahul) has no clear coherent thinking and this is being confirmed by a senior government minister. I can only say good luck to Congress.\"The main opposition said it agreed with Khurshid that the ruling party was \"directionless\" and said the onus lay squarely with Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .For BJP, smarting over the past few days as it was at the receiving end of Congress barbs on the open infighting in its Karnataka unit, Khurshid's controversial remarks were an opportunity to settle scores. The party pounced on Khurshid's references to Rahul's \"political cameos\" to underline its view that the Congress scion lacked a consistent approach.\"Law minister Salman Khurshid has made some unrestrained remarks on the UPA government. What people have been saying all along, an important minister has accepted. Khurshid's comments clearly show Congress is directionless. We agree with his comments,\" another BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said.\"Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi are leading the government and the party and Khurshid has raised questions on their leadership abilities. There is a governance deficit, lack of coordination and mutual distrust in the Congress and the government,\" Hussain said.Referring to Khurshid's reported comments on Rahul that people had only seen cameos, the main opposition said his \"experiments\" in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Punjab had failed.\"Congress is directionless and there is a lack of leadership in the party. It sees a dark picture everywhere in the midst of which Rahul Gandhi carried out his experiments in these three states. Now the Congress realizes that he cannot deliver,\" Hussain said.BJP further said there was a misconception that if Rahul takes charge a lot can happen. \"They do not realize that he is already involved. He is a general secretary of the party and is virtually No. 2 after Sonia Gandhi,\" Hussain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814351", "title": "Water levels precariously poised in reservoirs, hopes pinned on monsoon revival", "text": "NEW DELHI: Levels in 84 reservoirs monitored by government agencies are at 57% of last year's capacity and 83% if compared to a 10-year average, belying fears of an immediate crisis although storage has been declining steadily since June.A patchy monsoon has affected reservoir levels in comparison with 2011 which was a bountiful year and while the current status is comfortable, the situation could change rapidly if the monsoon fails to deliver in the weeks ahead.Official figures as on July 5 show levels in 35 reservoirs to be more than 80% of the normal capacities at this time of the year while 25 have levels between 51-80%. Five reservoirs have levels between 31-50% of normal and 12 are below 30% of capacity.As compared to June when reservoirs in 11 states were marked \"better than normal\", on July 5 this had dwindled to just three - Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.The stuttering monsoon has caused unease with levels in the 84 reservoirs falling from 125% of the 10-year average in June to 83% in July. Although the 31% rainfall deficit in June was largely caused by a 72% dip in the north-west region, the storage capacity is currently critically poised.To the relief of government agencies, the monsoon has shown renewed activity in the past week and has brought rain to large parts of UP while advancing into Haryana and Punjab, the verdict is mixed. If the rains do not arrive in full force in July, a further downgrade of the monsoon may be inevitable.Water levels in comparison to last year dipped from 79% on June 7 to 75% on June 14 and then to 67% on June 21. Thereafter they declined to 62% and 57% on June 28 and July 5.A series of factors have affected the monsoon so far and while weather scientists are expecting certain formations in the Arabian Sea to propel rains across the Indian landmass, the situation will hang in balance until the precipitation occurs.In the beginning of June, states like West Bengal, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Jharkhand, Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh had reported better than normal status. This has changed with the status altering quite dramatically since mid-June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14813930", "title": "BMS law student gets global honour", "text": "BANGALORE: Meeting Bollywood director Mahesh Bhatt was the turning point in Gayathri Nagendra's life. The 22-year-old Bangalorean, who will receive the prestigious Graduate Scholar Award of the International Journal of Sport and Society, Boston , says he had such an impact on her that she started believing in her capabilities.\"I've worked on promotional activities for some of his movies and he gave me complete freedom. My mom told him, 'Who on earth would hand over the Bangalore promotion of a Rs 25-crore film to an 18-year-old undergraduate student?'\" recalls Gayathri.Gayathri, a student of BMS College of Law, is the youngest and only undergraduate recipient of this award she will receive this month at Cambridge University . \"I feel honoured. I never expected this,\" Gayathri told TOI. She added, \"I'll also present a paper on Sports Law about the legalities in sports.\"She's proud to be a fifth generation lawyer. \"I'd spent summer holidays with my grandfather who was an advocate and would hang around his office. I'd run to court at the first chance. To wear his black coat would be a dream come true,\" Gayathri said.Apart from being involved with several events like Indian Premier League 2008, Champions League 2009, ICC Cricket World Cup 2011 and World Series Hockey, Gayathri has also been associated with All India Radio. \"At 11, I was part of the core team for the Karnataka government's pilot programme, 'Keli Kali', an initiative to teach rural children English. I was the main character in a play which was entered in an international broadcasting competition of SAARC countries,\" Gayathri said.Despite her achievements, she's highly grounded. \"I've been brought up to understand that it's of utmost importance to be a good human being above anything else. I have miles to go before I can stop and look back to see if I've achieved anything,\" she said.Graduate Scholar Award* Given by the International Journal of Sport and Society to recognize and promote professional development of graduate students* Invited to act as facilitators, moderators, and contributors at the conference* Recipients can present research papers and chair sessions of the International Conference on Sport and SocietyPIX MAILED TO MEENAKSHI...YAMINI/ Cleared by sita/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814508", "title": "Over 100 GP members, including 23 sarpanchs, quit in Korchi", "text": "NAGPUR: The already tottering Gadchiroli district administration received a severe jolt on Tuesday when over a 100 members of various gram panchayats including 23 sarpanchs submitted their resignation apparently protesting government neglecting its promises about cancellation of mining proposals in the region.These members are from Korchi taluka in north Gadchiroli. This is the first of its kind anti-government stand by the elected representatives in the country. The region is district's one of the most sensitive Naxal dominated zone. The incident has attained immense importance as the monsoon session of the state assembly has commenced in Mumbai. While government apathy may be the ostensible reason for their action, it is known that Naxalites have been pressuring local elected representatives to quit, sometimes even killing those who resist, in order to cause collapse of democratically elected bodies.Unofficial sources claimed that the figures of resignations are alarming. It has been learnt that the 23 sarpanch along with their deputy or Up-sarpanchs and members of gram panchayats in Korchi, numbering 114, have resigned. The resignations were furnished after a meeting of the sarpanch association at Korchi Krishi Utpanna Bazaar Samiti. It is learnt that out of 30 villages, 26 had village headmen of whom 23 have now quit.The district has already witnessed resignations of 106 elected representatives to the local civic body from different parts pushing the administration to a partial collapse. The state government was further cornered after mass resignation from Korchi where the local residents had compelled district administration to postpone the civic election earlier this year. The election could take place only after district administration had assured that the mining proposal on 65 hectares of forest land would be cancelled. There were morchas from 130 villages of the taluka in protest of the proposal and boycott of the polls.District collector, Gadchiroli, Abhishek Krishna said that officially Zilla Parishad has informed him about the resignations of 23 sarpanchs. \"I have instructed sub-division officer of the taluka to conduct an inquiry into the incident. There is no mining zone in that area and so the issue cannot be mining. In fact, the resignations have been furnished on a non-existent issue,\" said the collector.Zilla Parishad's chief executive officer Sumant Bhange said that the block development officers would verify the resignations. \"We would have to verify the authenticity of the resignations submitted through the signatures and other details,\" he said. Deputy inspector general of police, Naxal range, Ravindra Kadam said the resignations wee most likely prompted by the Naxals. \"It is Naxal agenda to oppose open leases and mining,\" said Kadam. He added that highlighting such issues is only helping the cause of the anti-government forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14814984", "title": "Situation at dams gets grimmer as rains play hide and seek", "text": "PUNE: The situation at the four major dams, all key source of water to the city, is turning grimmer with each passing day as a sustained spell of rainfall continues to evade Pune and adjoining parts. Already, the Temghar and Varasgaon dams have run out of their live storage while the water levels at the Panshet and Khadakwasla dams can barely be termed sufficient.There is no hope of the rainfall situation improving in the next 24 hours as the India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast a few spell of light rains. This is in contrast to the widespread rains forecast for the Konkan and Goa region, which includes Mumbai.Details posted on the state water resources department's Pune irrigation circle website showed that the live storage at Panshet dam was 17.90 million cubic metre (MCUM) while the same at Khadakwasla dam was 30.41 MCUM.Temghar and Varasgaon dams have a dead stock of 1.38 MCUM and 3.69 MCUM, respectively. Dead stock refers to water accumulation that is below the live storage of a dam. Both Temghar and Varasgaon are located upstream of Pune and are a critical source of water to the other two dams, i.e. Panshet and Khadakwasla. The last named eventually supplies water to the city.There was no rainfall in the catchment area of Khadakwasla in the 24 hours ending at 8.30 am on Monday while Temghar and Varasgaon catchment areas reported 7 mm and 10 mm rains during this period. Another 8 mm rains were reported from the Panshet catchment area.Since June 1, the Khadakwasla catchment has received only 47 mm rains whereas Panshet has received 367 mm rains. Temghar and Varasgaon have received 414 mm and 401 mm rains respectively, during this period.Meanwhile, an unspecified quantity of water was wasted following a major fault in the Pune Municipal Corporation's 80-inch pipeline that brings 130 million litre per day (MLD) water from the Khadakwasla dam to the civic water treatment plant at Warje near Karvenagar on Monday evening.Water kept bursting out up to a level of about 30 ft for nearly half-an-hour around 7 pm on Monday, owing to a fault in the air valve at the new jackwell pump station at Khadakwasla. The PMC's executive engineer (water department) Ashish Jadhav said, \"The fault occurred on account of tampering of the air valve by some local residents. We had to close the water supply through the pipeline for some time after we got a complaint about the water wastage. The fault was addressed immediately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14812578", "title": "Another blow for TDP", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: A day after party legislator Kodali Nani jumped the fence, Telugu Desam Party (TDP) received another jolt on Tuesday when party's politburo member and senior dalit leader Uppuleti Kalpana too decided to join the YSR Congress.Kalpana reportedly met YSR Congress leader and MP Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy in the afternoon even as TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu was busy with party review meetings at the party headquarters.TDP suspended her from the party late in the night after her meeting with Mekapati was confirmed. Kalpana had lost two consecutive elections on TDP ticket.She lost the first time from Nidumolu constituency and then from Pamarru segment in 2009 elections. Despite the two successive defeats, party chief Chandrababu Naidu accommodated Kalpana in the party's highest decision-making body last year and continued her in the post of Pamarru segment in-charge.Meanwhile, Nuzvid legislator Chinnam Ramakotaiah too staged a revolt against the party by describing Naidu's comments against Kodali Nani as undemocratic. \"As party chief, he should discuss with the disgruntled leaders and set things right. Unfortunately, Naidu has failed to take all along with him,\" Ramakotaiah, a one-time TDP legislator fired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14816893", "title": "Allow students to have 2 college options, HC tells JEE board", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta High Court on Tuesday directed the West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) Board to allow students to give a second option for admission to engineering colleges during the second round of counselling, which is scheduled to begin from July 13.Justice Girish Gupta directed the Board to give an advertisement in vernacular and English dailies stating that the students, who could till now give one choice for studying in an institution, would be able to give a second option.Claiming that the process being followed at present was not proper and was affecting the students, St Mary's Technological Foundation, a minority institution, moved the petition.Justice Gupta directed the JEE Board and the petitioner to file cross affidavits within six weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14812572", "title": "Funds misuse by Settiyapatti panchayat president alleged", "text": "MADURAI: The vice-president of the Settiyapatti panchayat in Dindigul district has petitioned the block development officer (BDO) of this region, alleging that the spouse of the panchayat president was calling the shots in the administration of the village and misappropriating funds.In his petition, T Raja, the vice-president, said that chief minister J Jayalalithaa had launched the 'Thai Thittam' for development of panchayats. It was specified that all works to be undertaken in a panchayat have to be duly passed as resolutions at the panchayat meetings, before tenders are called and work is taken up. \"But, none of these rules are followed in our panchayat, the president's post of which is reserved for women, as it is the president's husband Palanichamy who runs the entire show without any consideration for the other elected members,\" Raja charged. The president, Revathy, is a puppet in the hands of her husband who runs the show.Raja alleged that many works were undertaken in their village without the consent of the other members of the panchayat, as they are not passed as resolutions in the meetings. \"We never get the records of the tenders called for in various works,\" he said. He said that neither he nor the members knew the details of the final list of development works for their village under the 'Thai Thittam', for which an allotment of Rs 30 lakh had been sought by the president. \"I was shocked to realise that they had sought a tender for Rs 13 lakh, for laying a tar road from Kallupatti to Velanganipuram, a three-km stretch, because this road was laid only about a year-and-a-half ago and is in a good condition, compared to many of the badly damaged roads in our village,\" he said.This village has many non-bitumen roads, which are dusty and damaged and there is also a need for drinking water taps. \"I have asked the BDO to cancel the contract for the laying of the double metal tar road,which is already laid and allot the funds for some other work that is needed,\" Raja added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14817839", "title": "Sikh langar to cheer for 101 year old marathoner Fauja Singh in London", "text": "JALANDHAR: JalandharA 'langar' comprising veg roti rolls will be served to the thousands that are expected to turn up to cheer the 101 year old Sikh marathoner, Fauja Singh, carrying the Olympic torch in Newham.The langar is being organized by the UK based Sikh advocacy group, United Sikhs, to celebrate the event and will have volunteers wearing yellow t-shirts with Fauja Singh's image on it.The project director for the event, Mejinderpal Kaur said that several langar service points will be set up in all five boroughs that the route traverses, each serving at least 1,000 veg roti rolls within two hours. \"If all goes according to plan, the veg roti roll langar will serve thousands of people who turn up to cheer the torch's arrival in Newham,\" she said.According to the organizers, 15 gurdwaras from south and east London have agreed to participate and five more gurdwaras are in the process of deciding. \"We are inviting gurdwaras from as far north as Scotland , and as far west as Wales , to partner with London gurdwaras and set up more service points,\" she said.\"Sikhs from around the world are invited to come to London for this event, which could be the largest langar ever outside India,\" she added.Paul Uppal, a Member of Parliament from the Wolverhampton South West constituency, who has been backing the project since its inception , remarked, \"I am happy to be a part of this fantastic event as it embodies everything that I believe in as a Sikh and as a Conservative promoting the UK government's integration policy, Big Society \".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14813035", "title": "Sadhvi Pragya suffering from cancer: Relative", "text": "MUMBAI: The brother-in-law of 2008 Malegaon blast accused Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur has claimed that she is suffering from breast cancer , which is at an \"advanced stage\". Pragya is in the custody of the Bhopal police.Addressing the media here on Tuesday, Bhagvan Jha, the brother-in-law, showed several medical reports from a south Mumbai hospital as well as a hospital-cum-medical research centre in Bhopal. She is currently admitted to Bhopal's Swami Vivekananda Regional Spine Centre with spinal problems.Jha claimed that the government kept the truth under wraps despite knowing that Pragya was suffering from cancer. \"It wants the sadhvi to die of cancer to prevent a nationwide uproar if she is proved innocent and the theory of saffron terror falls flat,\" Jha said, blaming the Centre and the ATS for Pragya's \"condition\". However, the case has been with the NIA for over a year.Pragya's advocate Naveen Chomal said he moved an application in the special MCOCA court about three weeks ago for bail on medical grounds. \"As the request was not granted, we have filed an application before the Bombay high court,\" said Chomal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14815408", "title": "Campfires rage in the party", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister-designate Jagadish Shettar appears to have learnt the lessons of governance from the mistakes committed by outgoing CM D V Sadananda Gowda and former CM BS Yeddyurappa. He is chanting the mantra of 'collective leadership and consultation'. Shettar says the BJP is the party of and for all communities. In an interview with TOI, he tackles ticklish questions with diplomacy. Your party announced you as the CM, yet there was dissidence and drama today. How do you explain this? There are several internal issues in a political party. Changing the CM is not easy. These developments are natural. The problem was not over the CM, but issues like cabinet formation. Once the cabinet is formed, everything will fall in place. Won't the posts of two deputy chief ministers hinder your work and create parallel power centres? The decision to have deputy chief ministers is left to the party high command. It is yet to be resolved. I don't think the creation of these posts will lead to parallel power centres or curtail the CM's powers. I am confident of handling it. BJP is troubled by dissidence and it has affected the governments led by Yeddyurappa and Sadananda Gowda. Will it continue in your regime? All depends on how we tackle it. Collective leadership and consultative process is the solution for taking everybody along. I am the last person to neglect the opinion of party colleagues and leaders like former chief ministers Yeddyurappa and Sadananda Gowda, KS Eshwarappa, HN Ananth Kumar and national leaders. Isn't BJP indulging in caste politics and polarizing society? Won't it affect the party's prospects? It is wrong to say that BJP is a casteist party. Our party has received support from all communities and we have legislators from all communities. There are around 40 legislators from the Lingayat community. The support base of the Lingayats has created that identity. The caste factor hasn't reached the grassroots and there is no polarization. In the 1970s when I joined the party, people asked me why I was joining a Brahmin party. Today, the transition is there for all to see. Your party's image has taken a severe beating in the past four years. How do you plan to revive the image? A transparent and good administration and effective implementation of programmes will naturally help enhance the image. My priority is just that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "14816972", "title": "One PLFI activist shot, five nabbed", "text": "ROURKELA: Police on Monday claimed to have gunned down one member of the Jharkhand-based People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) and arrested five others following an encounter in the neighbouring state.The police success on Sunday night came on the heels of brutal killing of Hardeep Singh, block representative of Rajya Sabha MP Mangala Kisan, and one more villager by the outfit, which is engaged in extortion along the Odisha-Jharkhand border.Rourkela police sources said they had received intelligence inputs that a group of senior cadres of the outfit were camping at Manjurgarh in Jharkhand's Jaldega police station area. The Rourkela SP, Himansu Lal, immediately contacted Jharkhand police and planned an ambush. A team of Rourkela policemen and their Jharkhand counterparts reached the spot and ordered the PLFI cadres to surrender. The cadres, however, fired at the police team, prompting the men in uniform to retaliate.One of the outlaws was shot dead and four were injured. The deceased cadre was identified as Rajan Lohar. The four injured - Sunil Singh, Jhonson Singh, Samuel Lugun and Dilip Singh - were arrested and taken to Ispat General Hospital , Rourkela, for treatment. One miscreant, Manish Lugun, was arrested without any injury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14817670", "title": "Assam hit by worst floods of century", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam is reeling under the worst-ever floods of the century. In the first wave alone from April to June, 126 people have died and over 700 animals drowned even as fear of the second wave hitting soon looms large. Seventeen people are reported missing. The annual devastation comes in multiple waves - ranging from three to four - beginning April.According to State Disaster Management Authority, 23,91,369 people have been affected and of the 4,540 villages that came under water, 550 are still flooded.The current wave was declared by the state government as the worst since 2004 in which 201 people and over 100 animals died in four waves. \"Initially, this was seen as worse as the one in 2004. But eventually it turned out to be even bigger. We are still witnessing the first wave. The next one is expected to hit the state soon,\" said state government spokesman and agriculture minister Nilamoni Sen Deka.The minister said 40 per cent of the state's area, including 2.54 lakh hectares of crop area, has been affected by the current floods. \"The estimated loss to farmers is about Rs 900 crore. Besides, there is silt cover in crop areas where the waters have receded. This needs to be cleared before the next sowing season in August,\" added Deka.The southwest monsoon-fed floods first hit Karimganj district in the Barak Valley in April, which was followed by Lakhimpur on the northern banks of the Brahmaputra Valley in May. But the devastating phase started on June 24, when the water level of the Brahmaputra and all its tributaries crossed the danger mark due to incessant rain in the catchment areas of the Brahmaputra, particularly in China and Arunachal Pradesh.According to the Met office, rainfall in the region was 60 per cent in excess in June. Along with devastating floods, the monsoon also triggered landslides, which have so far claimed 16 human lives, including 10 in the city alone.Since the first wave hit the state, 622 relief camps were set up and 208 of them, with 67,903 inmates, are still in operation. The state government has deployed 77 medical teams. Besides loss to human lives, the floods has destroyed the infrastructure, which includes massive destruction to as many as seven national highways.In the Brahmaputra Valley, 42 breaches in embankments involving the Brahmaputra and 14 other tributaries have been reported. In the Barak Valley, a breach has been reported in the Longai river of Karimganj district. This apart, 2,948 roads have been damaged with breaches at 1,881 points, covering a length of 79.07 km. Twelve SPT bridges and 12 culverts have been washed away, two 2 RCC bridges have collapsed and approach to 277 other RCC viaducts have been damaged.Train connectivity to the hill districts has also been hit as rail tracks have been badly damaged by landslides in the Lumding-Badarpur railway division, disrupting movement of passengers and essential commodities.The Indian Air Force first started operations to rescue marooned people after which teams of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), the Army and CRPF were pressed into service. While 16 teams of NDRF have been deployed in nine districts, seven Army teams have been deployed in six other districts.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , during his visit to the state on July 2, announced an ad hoc assistance of Rs 500 crore to help the state make up for the flood loss till the final assistance is announced after assessment by a central team, which is currently touring the state. The state government, on its own, assessed a damage of Rs 11,136 crore.Apart from financial aid, chief minister Tarun Gogoi is asking for a water resource authority to mitigate flood problem by involving China, Myanmar and Bangladesh, which share a common river system together with the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814092", "title": "Zero sonography figure exposes doctor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Zero is apparently lucky only for Bollywood star Kareena Kapoor. City-based gynaecologist Dr Rakshit Patel found himself in trouble on Tuesday when health officials sealed his sonography machine and suspended his licence for three months for violating the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act. The doctor came under the scanner for regularly sending reports suggesting that zero sonography test had been conducted on pregnant women at his nursing home.Patel did not send Form Fs to the district collector's office; that submission is mandatory whenever a doctor carries out a sonography test on pregnant women. The collector's office has recently intensified the drive against errant doctors by scrutinizing Form Fs.\"It was found that most reports from Nisarg Nursing Home run by Dr Rakshit Patel noted zero sonography tests,\" chief district health officer of Ahmedabad, Dr Neelam Patel said. \"This was unusual. We sent a pregnant woman as a decoy to his clinic for a test in April.\"While the woman was made to fill a Form F, the report was not sent. \"This led to a raid at the nursing home on July 7 and records were seized,\" Neelam Patel said. \"Investigations revealed that he was under-reporting sonography tests and also flouting other norms,\" he added.Serious action was warranted against Patel as an unregistered portable sonography machine was also found at the nursing home. It is illegal to keep unregistered machines, especially portable ones which are reported to be used for carrying out sex-determination tests.A case of PCPNDT Act violation was registered against Patel at the Women Police Station. \"Dr Patel has been issued a show-cause notice asking him to explain why his registration should not be cancelled,\" said Ahmedabad collector Vijay Nehra.It needs mention that Gujarat has a skewed sex ratio of 886 girls per 1,000 boys in the 0-6 age group according to the 2011 census. Ahmedabad has the fifth lowest ratio in the state, 859.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817871", "title": "A groovy night at Underground, The HHI.", "text": "Kolkatans showed how they make the best of any situation when they partied like there was no tomorrow at Underground, The HHI.Caring little for the Cinderella hour, the young revellers trooped in at the bar till the last minute to have their fill of the tipple. DJ Barun then got the PYTs on the dance floor with English club numbers, groovy Punjabi tracks and latest Bollywood songs such as \"Tumhi ho bandhu\" and \"Chammak challo\".We spotted Monalisa, looking trendy in a blue number with peeptoes, with her fiance Sayan. \"We enjoyed the cool and relaxing ambience. It was the perfect setting for couples,\" blushed Monalisa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14812858", "title": "Private power plant to start from 2014", "text": "PATNA: A private sector thermal power plant is fast coming up under Baunsi block in Banka district and is expected to start generation from April 2014. The plant will have four units of 660MW each, aggregating 2,640MW, and is being constructed at a total cost of Rs 14,764 crore.Making this announcement, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Tuesday said he visited Banka district along with agriculture minister Narendra Singh and others recently and found that Jas Power Ltd, which is setting up the power plant, had already invested a sum of Rs 2,777 crore on the project. He said the Centre has already allocated a coal block to the company, which is 85km away from the power unit.The power plant will be spread over 800 acres. Bihar would get 25% power generated by the project.Modi said the state government did not want coal blocks from the Centre as it took about five years to develop a coal mine and start mining coal from it. Thus, it was a waste of time, besides being economically unviable for the state.He demanded that instead of allotment of coal blocks, the Centre should provide coal linkage. Besides, Bihar must get at least 50% power from different power plants, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813945", "title": "8-year jail term for robbery", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to eight years rigorous imprisonment for robbing an NSG commando's wife of her gold chain and gravely injuring him at the New Delhi railway station last year.Terming chain snatching as a \"serious offence\", additional sessions judge Pawan Kumar Jain sentenced 22-year-old Sheikh Munna, convicting him on charges of attempt to murder and robbery. \"Snatching of belongings of a female finding her alone is quite serious offence, it creates an atmosphere of insecurity among female members of the society,\" the court said.As the judge pronounced the sentence on Monday, the 22-year-old youth turned violent and began abusing. He even picked up a chair in the courtroom and banged it on the floor, said eyewitnesses to the court proceeding, adding that the court subsequently had to requisition police to contain the violent behaviour of the convict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812215", "title": "Govt decides to scrap recruitment process of 320 posts", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said he has directed that the previous government's recruitment process for around 320 posts in the health department be scrapped and has referred the matter to the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) for investigation.Speaking to media persons Parrikar said, \"My direction is simple, scrap the process and finalize the post again if required and continue the process.\"Recently ACB had submitted a preliminary report to the government on the previous government's recruitment in the health department. \"The preliminary inquiry has pointed out to massive manipulation in the recruitment process in the health sector and it is nothing short of a scam,\" Parrikar said.He added that the government will initiate action against those involved in the recruitment manipulation. \"Action will be taken,\" Parrikar said.The government had initiated an inquiry by ACB in the allotment of jobs in the heath department during the assembly election process. The inquiry was initiated after around 500 jobseekers confronted the chief minister over the cancellation of government jobs after they were selected by the previous Congress government.Parrikar also said that departments which have completed much of the recruitment but were unable to complete the process due to the announcement of elections have been told to continue with the process.\"For example fire services has done the recruitment exercise but have not completed it. We have asked them to complete the exercise,\" Parrikar said.The chief minister also said the government has initiated inquiries in other departments to determine whether any manipulation was done during the recruitment process. \"If proper procedure has been followed we will allow the department to continue the process or else we will follow a new process if there is a vacancy in the department,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14813365", "title": "Showers of respite drench Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a pleasant morning for city residents as they woke up to an unexpected rainy day. With 52.1mm of rainfall, the maximum temperature of the city came down by 2.5 degrees and the minimum temperature too dropped by 2.4 degrees. However, the humidity levels soared once again.The rain recorded till 8.30am in the morning was 37.4mm whereas by 5.30pm it came down to 14.7mm. Showers brought the much-needed relief from heat which had again started to overpower the city in last two days, taking the maximum temperature up by nearly 5 degrees since the last rain.The maximum temperature on Tuesday was recorded at 34.1 degrees celsius and the minimum temperature was 25.4 degrees C. On Monday, the maximum and minimum temperature was 36.6 and 27.8 degrees C, respectively.The minimum temperature on Tuesday, was still above the line of normalcy by 1 degree, whereas maximum temperature dipped below normal by 1 degree.The humidity levels recorded at 95%, thereby increasing the chances of rainy days ahead. The met department has forecasted partly cloudy sky and possibility of thundershower or light rain for Wednesday.At Chandigarh airport, 51.4mm of rainfall was recorded following which the humidity levels touched the 100% mark. The maximum and minimum temperature too dropped by 1.9 degrees and 1.8 degrees, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817838", "title": "Nayanthara, Trisha kiss and make up!", "text": "The latest news on these two pretty women is that they have decided to drop their long-standing cold war.According to sources, the two made up with each other at an after-party post an awards ceremony in Chennai last week. A lot has been written about how they lost out on movies to each other and even tried to score over the other in interviews. But the ice did break and how. People at the party were shocked to see the two actresses bonding and hugging each other. The war started between them right from the days of Kuruvi . Initially it was Nayanthara who was signed on but she got replaced by Trisha. Well, guess the ladies have reconciled that it's all fair in love and war.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14813806", "title": "Going to the craft roots", "text": "BANGALORE: The bedroom chappal that the viceroys used to wear was made of goat leather on the top, cow leather at the bottom and had silk embroidery all over it. The only person who knows how to make this Cuttaki chappal today is a woman from Odisha. This is one of the 34 languishing crafts that National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) Bangalore has identified in the country.As part of the project that has been assigned to it by the Development Commissioner of Handicrafts, the team from NIFT has to indentify the crafts that are on the verge of extinction and recommend ways to preserve them. NIFT's search began almost three years ago. These crafts have almost vanished, with just one or two families practising them now. Sometimes, even the locals are unaware of the presence of such crafts and the families that make them are completely unaware of its potential.\"The woman who is making Cuttaki chappal now is 60 years old. No one else knows how to do it. She says no one wants to either. But she is ready to teach them. That product could be sold in any international market. But she is selling it for Rs 250 through some exhibition next door,\" said Yathindra L, team head.The craft that has been identified in Karnataka is making the circular Ganjifa cards. Ganjifa is a card game that was popular among the emperors and the art of making it is almost forgotten. Each card has an iconography that represents power. The one person who knows the craft has tried to use it for contemporary needs like greeting cards.\"There are around 20 families who make copper snake, that are used as motifs, in Gudvelipadar in Bodhi district. We can use the skill for contemporary products,\" he said.There are various reasons why these crafts are not being taken forward. \"Many do not want to continue with the crafts and want to get into some job. There is a dearth of entrepreneurship in this field. The government should help them with marketing skills and sometimes make design intervention to make it contemporary if required. The craftsmen should be exposed to the markets outside and made aware of their potential,\" he said.Some crafts like horn toys face extinction because procuring horns is not a viable option now thanks to the anti-poaching laws.Other crafts like Bargarh toys, which are wooden toys with fine drawing on them, are now restricted to the local flavour. The educational toys have, for instance, only the alphabet of Odisha language. These, the team feels, can be expanded so that the craft can be made more popular. The government can also give them infrastructure support as seasoning wood is an important factor for the craftsmen there with floods affecting them every now and then.The six-member team is travelling to these places, some of them in the interior Naxal-hit areas, for a cultural immersion. They try to get a traditional context of such crafts, interact with locals, NGOs and grassroot organizations like the National Council for Rural Development.\"Craft is the next big emerging field. This is because people want to reconnect to their traditional roots,\" he said.Some traditional craftsCuttaki chappalGanjifa cardsBargarh toysHorn toys\"Some tribals were not too happy to meet us. Some others were hesitant about reviving the crafts. They say: 'it's dead, why are you bothered about it?' We need to make them understand its importance, its relevance and brand value. They are largely naive. They never get much profit being the last person in the value chain, \" said Yatindra L | NIFT search team head", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813725", "title": "IB doctored document to prove govt line on Netaji's death: Book", "text": "NEW DELHI: A new book on Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the inspirational freedom fighter whose disappearance still remains a mystery, says the Intelligence Bureau doctored British intelligence reports to support the Nehru government's claim that he died in an air crash in Taipei on August 18, 1945.The book, with several secret documents on Netaji's disappearance, questions many widely held assumptions about the purported death of the Bengali freedom fighter who twice became Congress president by the time he was 42. After being sidelined in the Congress later, Netaji mysteriously disappeared from India, went to Germany to strike an alliance with Hitler , and later got Japanese assistance to establish the Indian National Army that fought its way almost up to the northeast of India.The book, the second on Netaji's mysterious disappearance by former journalist Anuj Dhar, raises new questions about the purported air crash of 1945 that allegedly killed Bose and has many new documents showing New Delhi's intentions to legitimise Bose's 1945 death in public eye and doubts among many Bose family members and close associates about the story.Most damagingly, the book says that the IB doctored a British-era document to support Nehru government's stance on the freedom fighter's reported death. The book, 'India's Biggest Cover-Up', claims that this doctored document was repeatedly used by the government to shore up support in favour of the official view. This redacted document also became key evidence before commissions appointed to probe Netaji's disappearance.In 1955, then director of IB and the father of Indian intelligence, B N Mullik, despatched a dossier to the Shah Nawaz Committee that was set up by the government to probe Bose's reported death. The first document in the dossier was a report from Phillip Finney, an assistant director with IB who had been sent to southeast Asia along with other officers to ascertain facts. The copy of Finney's report of November 1945 supplied by the IB to the committee appeared to confirm the Japanese announcement of Bose's death, just at a time when the British were preparing to arrest him.Both the Shah Nawaz Committee and Khosla Commission, which was later set up to look at Bose's death, used Finney's report to claim that the inquiries by British officers had concluded that the Japanese announcement of Bose's death was correct. The same line was carried on by Prof Sugata Bose, a grand nephew of Bose, in his popular biography of Bose titled 'His Majesty's Opponent'.In the latest book, Dhar claims that Finney's report in the IB dossier had been censored to expunge its last three and most crucial paragraphs. He found the full original report in the archives of a declassified ministry of defence file. The portion removed from Finney's report shows that he was actually not sure of Bose's death. Author Anuj Dhar says, \"Whoever tampered with this record did so with the intention of conforming to the government view about Netaji's death.\"Dhar also accuses intelligence czar Mullik of lying on oath when he was summoned by the Khosla Commission as a witness in 1970. When Mullik was repeatedly asked if the IB ever snooped on Shaulmari baba -- a hermit who many believed was Netaji \u2014 he said the government never asked the IB to track the hermit because it \"did not concern national security\". There has been no conclusive proof that Baba was Netaji indeed. However, Dhar reproduces formerly top secret records of IB to show that Mullik personally supplied information to Nehru on Shaulmari baba.The author also claims to have collected information from Taiwan government to rule out the 1945 crash that purportedly killed Netaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14812910", "title": "Fake note biz thrives as RBI, cops play blame game", "text": "JAIPUR: Thanks to the lack of coordination between the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and special operation group (SOG) of Rajasthan police, the fake currency business is thriving in the state. Both the department are playing blame game but shying from taking the responsibility to check the menace.A state level security committee set up to curb the flow of counterfeit notes in the market is defunct. Neither the officials of RBI nor the SOG remembers when the last meeting was held. The committee was constituted to work jointly so that inputs and technical expertise can be shared and cases can be resolved promptly.\"On the initiative of the RBI, a committee was formed at both the state and district level. Additional director general of SOG, DIG rank officers along with personnel from our department were part of it. However, nothing happened after that. The police and the government didn't show much interest on our recommendations. In most of the cases that we reported to them, the end result was the final report (FIR),\" said the official of RBI.On the other hand, the SOG blames the reserve bank for not providing it with the help that it had anticipated. It claims the RBI to be non cooperative and negligent in tackling the problem. \"There are several instances where the RBI reported us the cases with a delay of 6-8 months. Then, it becomes difficult to trace the person carrying these notes. If cases are reported late or notes that we submit are not detected on time, police can do little,\" said an official of SOG.Rajasthan being a border state is among the most vulnerable to circulation of counterfeit currency. The SOG in the past 20 days has seized Rs. 18.60 lakh and arrested five persons so far. From the Bharatpur region itself, the SOG has seized around Rs 1 crore in the last three years and arrested over 30 people.In the wake of large-scale seizures of fake currency, the SOG is planning to rekindle its ties with the reserve bank. \"Since it is very difficult to identify the fake notes, we will seek technical help from the RBI. Also, we would like to have regular interaction with its officials so that they can apprise us on the new features of currency and provide us feedback. The gangs behind it work in a very covert manner and everything would be done to check them,\" said Vishal Bansal, deputy inspector general, SOG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817192", "title": "Mammootty in bi-lingual film", "text": "Mammooty will soon be seen in a bi-lingual movie, 'News Breaker'. The movie would release in both Kannada and Malayalam.Dheepan is the director of the movie. Mammootty's personal assistant George is the producer of the film. The famous actress of Sandalwood, Nikesha Patel is the female lead in the movie. Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14813008", "title": "6 years later, no clarity on real culprits behind train blasts", "text": "MUMBAI: Six years have passed since seven bombs ripped apart seven locals, killing 187 people and injuring hundreds, but still, there is no clarity on the real culprits.\"Owing to the infighting of the ATS and crime branch, we are yet to zero in on the actual culprits,\" a source said.The 13 suspected SIMI members who were said to be responsible for the blasts are still behind bars but the crime branch in 2008 had claimed that they were not responsible and that the carnage was the handiwork of the now-banned outfit, Indian Mujahideen (IM).Seven RDX bombs, planted in the first class compartments of seven trains, exploded during the evening peak hour on July 11, 2006, near Matunga, Khar, Bandra, Borivli and Mahim stations. \"An IM operative, Sadique Shaikh, arrested by the crime branch in September 2008 had said the blasts were engineered by the IM and not by those (suspected SIMI members) arrested,\" a senior crime branch officer had said. The crime branch had arrested IM members and during interrogation, one had \"spilled the beans\".He had claimed the bombs were made at Raza Tower in Sewree.But the anti-terrorism squad, which has been investigating the case, has different theories, which have been questioned several times. According to the ATS, it was the SIMI members who were responsible for the explosions and that the bombs were made at a 10x10 room in Govandi. The ATS had also claimed 11 Pakistanis had entered Mumbai, assembled bombs and planted them on trains, before fleeing. But not a single Pakistani was captured. On August 22, 2006, the ATS gunned down Abu Osama alias Umaid, suspected to be one of the 11, a deserted building in Antop Hill. During a probe on the trains, ATS officers had also come across the torso of a man, whom they had claimed to be a Pakistani bomber, Saleem. Elaborating on the explosives, the officers had said the bombs, kept in pressure cookers, were made of RDX, ammonium nitrate, nitrite, oil fuel and shrapnels.\"Post-media reports, the ATS took into custody IM member Sadique Shaikh, but later discharged him,\" said a source.The arrested have applied for bail several times, but their appeals have been rejected.The accused face charges under MCOCA and the trial is being heard by special judge Y D Shinde. After examining 188 prosecution witnesses, the court is now recording the accused's statements. A source said the judge, who was supposed to be transferred, had been granted an extension of four months.\"The trial is expected to end in three-four months,\" if there are no unforeseen delays,\"an advocate said.The application will be decided by the court next Tuesday.On July 11, 2006, 7 blasts ripped apart 7 trains in 8 minutesKilled: 188Injured: 817Arrested: 13Wanted Accused: 13 PakistanisWITNESS BOXProsecution witnesses examined: 188Witnesses turn hostile: 4Timeline:July 20, 2006: ATS begins arrestsJuly 25, 2006: Unani doctor Tanvir Ansari held. 16 arrests till dateJune 20, 2007: Trial begins in MCOCA courtAug 23, 2007: An accused appealsFeb 29, 2008: Supreme Court admits appeal, trial stayedNov 10, 2008: Arguments end, SC reserves orderOct 5, 2009: SC reserves order on appealJuly 2010: Trial resumesJune 2012: Prosecution finishes examining witnesses and recording of statements under Sec 313 of CrPC starts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14816885", "title": "Manmohan 'unfit' to run country, yoga guru Ramdev says", "text": "RANCHI: After Time Magazine termed the Prime Minister an \"underachiever\", yoga guru Baba Ramdev on Tuesday described Manmohan Singh \"unfit\" to run the country.\"Manmohan Singh is really an underachiever. Due to his incapability to run the country well, India has lost its goodwill in the international forum. Apart from personal honesty, a Prime Minister also needs political honesty,\" Ramdev told TOI.The yoga guru said India has lost its goodwill because of the misrule of the present UPA government. \"The post of the Prime Minister is a constitutional post that involves diverse responsibility. Only being personally honest will serve no purpose,\" he added.Ramdev, who was in Ranchi to garner support for his August 9 agitation against black money, corruption and injustice in the national capital, was talking to press persons here. Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare and various other organisations have agreed to support the agitation \"Rastriya Charitra Nirman Anandolan\". Unlike last June, this time Ramdev would not flee from the spot. \"I would not flee from the spot this time. I am ready to face batons and bullets,\" said Ramdev.About corruption in Jharkhand, Baba Ramdev said the state was one of the most corrupt ones. \"Jharkhand has resources worth Rs 300 lakh crores. If these resources are well utilised and those involved in utilising the resources are honest, Jharkhand will be far better,\" he added.About the filing of chargesheet against his aide Acharya Balkrishna, Ramdev said the government was using all its investigative machineries to disturb his campaign against black money and corruption, Ramdev said, \"If only all the investigative machineries are allowed to run without interference 90% corruption in the country would end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814373", "title": "International coach builders queue up for Metro", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Engineering majors from Japan, France, China, Germany and Austria are in the race to build coaches for the proposed Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar metro rail.Eight global giants like France's Alstom , Construcciones Y Auxiliar De Ferrocarriles, Bombardier India, Austria's Siemens and Korea's Hyundai Rotem are among others that have evinced interest in the Rs 15,000-crore project, being executed by a special purpose vehicle, Metro Link Express for Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad Company Limited (MEGA).Among other engineering companies who submitted expression of interest to supply the rolling stock are China's Dalian Locomotive of the CNR Group, CSR Corporation, the Chinese state-owned enterprise, Japan's Mitsubishi Electric , Nippon Sharyo Limited, Sojitz Corporation, Toyo Denki, and West Bengal-based Titagarh Wagons.\"The participation from the multinationals reaffirms the international investors' preference to the state as an attractive and promising investment destination. The project in itself signifies the growth and development that the state has embarked on in the past decades,\" said Sanjay Gupta, executive chairman of MEGA.The firms have expressed interest in designing, manufacturing, supplying, testing and commissioning of the passenger rolling stock on broad gauge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14818242", "title": "Shatrughan Sinha stable, still in hospital", "text": "Veteran actor and former BJP minister Shatrughan Sinha , continues to remain in hospital for the ninth day today in stable condition, doctors said.The 66-year-old actor-turned-politician had been admitted to Kokilaben Hospital on July 2 after he complained of breathlessness due to some paint work at his residence.\"Sinha was admitted to the hospital following respiratory complaints. He is still in the hospital and stable. He tends to get breathless... he is being observed closely,\" Dr Ram Narain, COO, Kokilaben hospital, told PTI.The actor will remain under observation at the hospital for the next few days.\"He will be there in the hospital for a few more days,\" Narain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14814270", "title": "Industrialists to take protest to Sonia door", "text": "GURGAON: After a slew of demonstrations over the past two years in their area, the industrialists of IMT Manesar have now decided to take their demands for better infrastructure and basic facilities straight to New Delhi. The members of the IMT Industrial Association have announced that they will hold a demonstration outside 10 Janpath, Congress leader Sonia Gandhi's residence, on August 15.The list of grievances include the lack of fire station in the industrial area - now long-overdue - as well as the lack of basic civic infrastructure, that was promised to the industrialists when the plots were being allotted.\"We held a protest on August 15 last year in IMT, right outside the HSIIDC offices. Our demands were exactly the same as now,\" said Manoj Tyagi, a local industrialist and the general secretary of the association. Back then, he added, the government officials took note of the issues raised by the protesters, and promises were made. \"But nothing was done about it. Neither by the HSIIDC nor the state government.\"The industrial area still hasn't got a fire station, and all the attempts made by industrial owners to get one built have been thwarted by a system riddled with red tape. \"We got an NOC for a fire station, issued by the fire department, which is under the MCG. And then the MCG says that the IMT is out of their jurisdiction, and that they can't build a fire station here,\" said Satish Chand, president, IMT Industrial Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14814991", "title": "Cops release sketches of College of Engineering, Pune student's abductors", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan Gymkhana police on Tuesday released the sketches of three of the four suspects who had allegedly kidnapped and robbed College of Engineering Pune (COEP) student Nikhil Gatagat on Saturday.Senior police inspector Manohar Joshi has appealed to people to contact the Deccan Gymkhana police station if they have any information about the suspects on 020-25675005.The 20-year-old was allegedly abducted by four men in Pune on Saturday. The men robbed him, drove him to Vashi and threw him into the creek from the old Mankhurd-Vashi bridge. Nikhil was rescued by fishermen, who took him to the Vashi police. The case was later transferred to the Deccan Gymkhana police station.Meanwhile, police allowed Nikhil to return to Latur for two days. \"We have allowed him to go home on the request of his parents. They told us that he was disturbed by the trauma and has suffered injuries to his ribs,\" Joshi said.He said that the police will resume investigations once Nikhil returns to Pune. \"We have checked several autorickshaw drivers as Nikhil has claimed he was kidnapped while he was travelling in an autorickshaw,\" Joshi said.On Monday, Nikhil was taken to the crime scene in Vashi to enable investigators to understand how the crime had taken place. He was also interrogated by the crime branch. \"Nikhil is still claiming that he does not remember anything after he became unconscious in the autorickshaw,\" said a senior official from the crime branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14817927", "title": "Punjab Technical University declares MCA results", "text": "LUDHIANA: A wave of celebration spread among MCA fourth-semester students of Gujranwala Guru Nanak Institute of Management and Technology (GGNIMT) as the Punjab Technical University declared their results on Monday. Jasvir Singh topped the college with 85.5% while Tarandeep Kaur came second with 85% and Paramjit Singh stood third with 84%.Hambran Road resident Jasvir Singh made his farmer father Satwant Singh and mother Harjinder Kaur proud with his achievement. \"My teachers have been a guiding light to me. I admire my hard working father and want to become a lecturer in networking at my college,\" said Jasvir. The topper likes to listen to Punjabi songs of Harjeet Harman.Tarandeep Kaur of Doraha village said regular hard work helped her bag the second rank in college. \"I aspire to become a PHP developer and develop dynamic web pages,\" said Tarandeep, who idealizes her system software teacher Japneet Kaur and reads Gurbani every day to explore her spiritual inclinations and thoughts. When it comes to popular music, she listens to Diljeet Dosanjh's songs.Haibowal resident Paramjeet's businessman father Manjeet Singh and his mother Avtar Kaur are elated with their son's achievement. Paramjeet, who aspires to become a software developer and likes to read as many books on computer programming as he can, said hard work and continuous practice are the keys to success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812310", "title": "Right to Education awareness campaign kicks off today", "text": "PANAJI: The central government's Shiksha ka haq abhiyan campaign, to raise awareness at the grassroot-level about the Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009, will begin on July 11 with Sattari, where village panchayat members and school heads will be trained and prepared to launch the campaign.\"The block-level training to implement the campaign will begin in all blocks of the Goa Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) starting with Sattari on Wednesday and will end at Canacona on July 20. All village education committee and urban education committee chairpersons, who are heads of local panchayats, etc, and heads of local government and government-aided schools will be familiarized at the training programme with the concept of shiksha ka haq abhiyan,\" Farell Furtado, Goa SSA project director, said.The programme will also train the village heads and school heads in survey tools to identify the requirements of the neighbourhood schools as per the provisions of the RTE Act.\"The law gives states time till 2013 to ensure that infrastructure in schools meet the requirements of the RTE Act. We are hoping that a sustained campaign at the community-level will ensure that the RTE delivers. With the help of a questionnaire, volunteers trained by us will first check if schools meet the major provisions of the RTE Act. In January 2013, the data gathered will then be compiled to prepare a report for us to analyse the extent of RTE-compliant schools,\" Furtado said.The campaign, after the first training programme ends on July 20, is set to be flagged off by chief minister Manohar Parrikar by July-end. \"After the campaign is launched by the chief minister, we will begin our media campaign to raise awareness on the RTE. Para-teachers, cluster and block resource persons of the SSA will be roped in the campaign and survey,\" Furtado said.The campaign's idea is to involve local communities to create community awareness about the provisions of RTE, which is about the legal entitlement to basic education for children up to the age of 14 years. The trained SSA personnel will visit schools in teams in each neigbhourhood and hold discussions with the school staff and local community members to draw the requirements of the school to become compliant to the provisions of the RTE by January 2013.The campaign will cover 905 schools in North Goa and 595 in South Goa starting from the last week of July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14812956", "title": "Man dies after hands chopped off in Walled City", "text": "JAIPUR: A man's both hands were chopped off in full public view in the Walled City on Tuesday evening leading to his death.The incident is suspected to be the outcome of a prolonged rivalry over a diamond of 55 carat.The murder took place at Chawari Ka Bagh at 7.30 pm on Tuesday when the victim, identified as Ashok Pal (35), was going to send his daughter and a son of his neighbour to tuitions in the area. Suddenly, the attacker came with a long-sized knife and attacked him. The accused continued to hit the victim until both his hands were nearly chopped off, police said.Later the accused, Ajay Ghosh (32), called up on '100' to confess his crime. Initially, the personnel at police control room laughed it off as a prank, but later Ramganj police reached the spot and arrested the accused.\"The man with blood-stained clothes was immediately arrested. The victim was rushed to the Sawai Mansingh Hospital. Unfortunately, he succumbed on the way to the hospital,\" said a police officer.Preliminary investigations suggest that the accused is involved in diamond setting work and had actually lost a 55 carat diamond a few months ago which was given to him to be fixed in a necklace.\"He suspected that the deceased (Pal), in connivance with a person he named as Avijeet who used to stay as tenant in his house and according to him had actually stolen the diamond. He told us that the deceased had also purchased a new jeep. He wanted to ensure that Pal won't be able to drive it with his hand and thus he tried to make his hands lifeless,\" said Sameer Kumar Dubey, assistant commissioner of police, Ramganj.Police said the accused has no regret for the crime as he told police that he never wanted to see the deceased driving the jeep with his own hands since he was involved in stealing of the diamond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14813066", "title": "Sehwag-Dhoni spat storm in a teacup, says Sanjay Manjrekar", "text": "NAGPUR: He has this no-airs persona about himself - no celeb tantrums and no pretensions. From 'playing the shots' as one of India's most stylist batsmen to now 'calling the shots' as a commentator, Sanjay Manjrekar has slalomed a lot over last two decades.Nothing much, though, has changed the way he thinks about the game. He has an eagle eye on the Indian cricket but rarely does he make heavy weather of the game.While the gossip mills are working overtime regarding the tumultuous relationship between MS Dhoni and Virender Sehwag , Manjrekar maintained that the 'spat' was merely a storm in the teacup.\"I feel these things are custom-made by the media. When the actual on-field cricket is not active, these reports always crop up. Gossips always fill in the slot allotted for cricket. I honestly think the media is blowing the issue out of proportion,\" said Manjrekar while talking to the reporters on the sidelines of a function organized by IMA on Sunday.Manjrekar also asserted that once the game will resume, the controversy will die its natural death. \"Even the people reading stuffs like these will forget the issue once the cricketing season starts next month,\" he added.When asked about India's chances in the forthcoming Twenty20 World Cup, given that it's happening in the sub-continent, Manjrekar again kept it simple. \"I feel Twenty20 World Cup is kind of a lottery. It's such a small tournament lasting just two weeks, that you just cannot predict who's going to win.\"I also feel that T20 World Cup has arrived quite early. We should have given a bit more time for T20s to establish as a concept before dishing out the World Cup,\" he added.Manjrekar has always been of the opinion that the BCCI should use Rahul Dravid's cricketing brain for the betterment of the game.\"He (Dravid) is a role model for every youngster. Though we hardly read him opining about certain things, I believe he has a great cricketing brain. Once he'll be given charge of certain things, I am sure, he'll do tremendously well,\" said Manjrekar.The BCCI is not a big fan of DRS and so is Sanjay Manjrekar. \"I think DRS shifts the focus to the accuracy of umpiring decisions than the actual game. It would have been a wise idea to introduce the DRS had the success percentage of umpiring decisions been 50% or 60%. Right now, it's above 94%. Then, what is the need of DRS,\" he signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14815312", "title": "Rajindra Hospital infant deaths: Doctor among 3 facing charges in case", "text": "PATIALA: More than three years after five newborns were charred to death in Rajindra hospital here, charges have been framed against three persons, including a doctor.The charges under Section 304 of the IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) were framed against the then HoD of pediatric department, K K Locham, Reeta, a nurse, and Satya, a class IV employee, in the Patiala court on Monday.The newborns were burnt alive in the neonatology section of the hospital on January 31, 2009. In its report submitted in January 2010, a judicial commission set up by the Punjab government had held the then head of the paediatrics department and two others hospital employees responsible for the mishap.The court has fixed next hearing on August 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "14816860", "title": "Dharna by Palamu Zila Parishad members", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Members of the Palamu Zila Parishad (PZP) staged a dharna the on premises of the district rural development agency here on Tuesday. SP A T Mathew sensing trouble deployed a contingent of police at the DRDA. Vice-chairman of the PZP Binod Kumar Singh told TOI that the dharna would intensify if the administration did not respond properly and adequately. The vice-chairman said, \"The MLAs and MPs must not interfere in the decision making of the PZP. They try to override the PZP which hampers the functioning of the parishad here.\"Singh has objected to the withholding of the schemes under the backward region grant fund (BRGF) as he said the PZP undertook the schemes under the BRGF where labourers worked for days. \"With the withholding of the schemes following pressure from the MLAs and the MPs, the labourers are going without wages since long and about Rs 8 crore are thus pending,\" he said.However, MLA K N Tripathy said the PZP had become over-reactive and made too much noise whenever the MLAs and MPs asked it to work within its limits. He said, \"None of us has any problem with any PZP member but if any of them has, it is up to them to get it sorted out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14817892", "title": "No getting away on stolen wheels", "text": "LUDHIANA: Stolen vehicles would now be easy to recover as the city traffic police on Tuesday got connected to the centralized record of such wheels available with the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB). The city policemen have been equipped with laptops and internet connections so that they could access the NCRB database to trace vehicles that were stolen anywhere in the country.Assistant commissioner of police (ACP), traffic, Naveen Singla said they have been registering numbers of all vehicles challaned in the city in the NCRB database to check if they were stolen. \"We have two laptop operators in police vans covering a few parts of the city,\" said Singla. With vehicle theft showing no signs of slowing, motorists say the new system would help keep a check on the crime.BRS Nagar resident Harish Kumar said, \"There are many stolen vehicles moving around us which go unnoticed. This move will improve the recovery record of stolen vehicles.\" \"This drive will curb the vehicle-lifting and create a fear among miscreants,\" said SKS Nagar resident Rajinder Singh.However, the limited number of operators with access to National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) database means not every part of the city has been covered under the move. Haibowal resident Sumit Kumar said, \"Just two operators with access to the centralized records are not enough to cover such huge number of vehicles in the city. The department should increase the number of operators to make the drive more effective.\"Singla said the number of operators would gradually be increased. \"We are also taking certain other initiatives to ensure smooth traffic in the city, such as deputing PCR vans along with traffic personnel.\"The ACP said they will cross-check the 927 recovered vehicles kept at various police stations in the city with the NCRB database.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14813475", "title": "Jealous husband attacks wife", "text": "KOLKATA: A man, who suspected his wife of having an illicit affair, allegedly slit her throat and wrists with a razor and then locked her up in a room. The incident took place at Icchapore on Tuesday. The woman was rushed to hospital and reported to be critical. The man has gone into hiding.Sonali, 27, had married Tapas Kar, an electrical goods trader, four years ago. The relationship between the two turned sour ever since Tapas started suspecting his wife of having an affair. This led Sonali, a teacher in a Garulia school, to stay with her parents. On Tuesday, he called up Sonali to settle things and she met him at his home. Later, Sonali's father broke open the door to find her lying in a pool of blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14814849", "title": "BJP drubs Congress in MP civic polls", "text": "BHOPAL: The ruling BJP won 36 out of the 49 municipal corporation seats and gave a jolt to the Congress in the Madhya Pradesh urban body elections, the results for which were declared on Monday and Tuesday.The Congress has been able to win only eight civic bodies while independents registered wins in the remaining five. Many of the seats that the BJP won were traditional bastions of the Congress and in tribal belts known to have been faithful to the latter for decades. The party was also defeated in Rajgarh and Chhindwara - areas under the influence of Congress satraps like AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh, Union minister Kamal Nath and Bhuria. tnnIn the first phase results declared on Monday, the BJP routed the Congress securing 20 of the 27 urban bodies while the Congress managed to hold on to the three municipal committees at Ranapur (Jhabua district), Kukshi (Dhar) and Chhindwara. Independents scored four places including the municipal committees of Sailana (Ratlam), Lakhnadaun (Seoni), Jaisinghnagar (Shahdol) and Pali (Umaria).Results of the second phase polls spread over 20 districts were declared on Tuesday and the BJP walked away with 16 more urban bodies while the Congress lagged with wins in five bodies and one seat went to an independent.It was jubilation in the state BJP office where chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan thanked party workers for their dedicated hardwork and the tribal population of the state for choosing the BJP.Assembly elections 2013 is not far away and a beating like the results of the civic polls would probably mean that the Congress has to rethink its electoral strategy. One after another, the BJP has wrested assembly seats from the Congress known to have been its stronghold. Less than one month ago, the BJP won Maheshwar assembly constituency which was a Congress bastion for decades. In February last year, the BJP snatched two of the Congress fortresses in Kukshi and Sonkatch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14812579", "title": "'Did cops stick to rules during Juhu party raid?'", "text": "The State Women's Commission directive for a probe into alleged police excesses during the Juhu \"rave\" raid once again brings into focus the common practice of sending all those present at such an event for blood and urine tests, and calling in television crew and photograp-h-ers to shoot an ongoing raid.The commission has directed the police chief to submit a report on violation of women partygoers' personal and constitutional rights, following a complaint by activist Santosh Daundkar through former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh. Legal expe-r-ts told TOI that the police mu-st not let go of the opportu-n-ity to look deeply into actio-ns of its force and see whether they themselves are following the rules meant for them.The police are expected to submit a report by July 26 on the May 20, 2012, raid at the party held at Oakwood Premier Hotel in Juhu. Though the police recovered 110 gram of cocaine, an illegal narcotic substance on the pre-m-ises, it was not found in the possession of any one person. The police, said Singh, forced all those who attended the par-ty to go for blood and urine tests, though the Narcotics and Psychotropic Substances (Prevention) Act has no such specific provision following a raid.Parading party-revellers in front of TV cameras-whose presence itself raises questions of the police violating its own circular against calling in the media during such raids-also resulted in violation of rights to privacy, the commission was told.One major issue that lawyers say would now take centre stage is whether the detention to conduct tests amounted to an arrest. The term \"arrest\" is not defined under the criminal law procedural rulebook but the police are empowered to \"use all means necessary to effect an arrest\" if a person resists.The Supreme Court, though, has accepted the meaning of 'arrest' given in the Halsbury's Laws of England, which says it \"consists in seizure or touching of a person's body with a view to restrain him or her and even words may amount to an arrest if they bring to a person's notice that he is under a compulsion\".The SC, in a 1960 verdict, has held that \"submission to custody by word of mouth or action by a person is sufficient\" to constitute an arrest. In the raid, 38 women and over 50 men submitted themselves for a few hours to such custody. Several women had pointed to the presence of very few women police officers.\"How can the police account for the detention?\" an activist asked.Times ViewThe State Women's Commission move reflects a growing concern about an individual's rights during police action. How much cops can do and how much they should do (given that officials are implementing laws made some decades ago in 2012) are pertinent questions. This is not to condone illegal or criminal acts. But there should be much more respect for the right to privacy of an individual, especially till that person is proved a criminal. Officials should ask themselves whether it's fair to malign people, by exposing them to media cameras, before the law has said they are guilty of serious crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813783", "title": "Haryana, Rajasthan clear alignment of Delhi-Jaipur expressway", "text": "NEW DELHI: The proposed six-lane expressway from Delhi to Jaipur has cleared a major hurdle. The new alignment of the expressway, which will have a limited number of entries and exits, has been approved by Haryana and Rajasthan. The two states want National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and the highways ministry to consult them while proposing real estate development along the expressway.Delhi government has already given an in-principle approval to the access-controlled expressway which is expected to slash travel time between the two cities to less than three hours. The length of the new alignment will be around 230-240 km. The portion of the expressway falling in Delhi will be elevated since availability of land is a problem in the national capital.Haryana town and country planning (DTCP) secretary S S Dhillon recently wrote to NHAI saying that the state would provide all support to the Centre for execution of the project, including land acquisition matters, said a senior Haryana government official. Rough estimates by NHAI suggest the project could cost around Rs 12,000 crore. Those pockets which will be developed for residential and commercial projects along the expressway may be given access to the highway. This will cross subsidize the project for developers,\" said a ministry source.The new expressway has become a necessity because of the increasing congestion on NH-8. The traffic chaos will only get worse due to the widening of the stretch between Delhi and Jaipur. At present, traffic jams are regularly reported from this stretch since the road width has reduced. \"In future, this new-alignment expressway would be a part of the continuous expressway connectivity between Delhi and Mumbai,\" said a government source.Haryana government officials told TOI that they have agreed to NHAI's proposal of making the link pass through Gurgaon, Manesar, Rewari and Kothputli. However, the approval comes with a rider. One of the conditions put forward by the state is that the alignment should not affect any housing or commercial projects in the state for which DTCP has already issued licences. Moreover, the state wants NHAI to elevate the portion of the expressway which cross state roads. Haryana has also asked the highway authority to help the government improvesome of the state roads along the new expressway and to provide links to them.The new alignment is likely to be announced next week. In his letter to NHAI, Rajasthan's chief secretary has reportedly said that the state government wants the road authority to provide a link from the expressway to the industrial township of Bhiwadi.The state has also sought a short link from Jaipur city to the expressway. As per the proposal, the expressway will join the Jaipur bypass, which falls on the outskirts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14815086", "title": "Indian Council for Agricultural Research orders shutdown of integrated research centre", "text": "KOCHI: The Indian Council for Agricultural Research (ICAR) has ordered the closing down of the Integrated Centre for Ornamental Fish Research, a training and management centre at Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studies (Kufos). They have also asked the university to refund the grant amount.In 2010, the centre was granted approval under the Niche Area of Excellence (NAE) project with an outlay of Rs 2.45 crore for the priority theme of ornamental fish farming with Professor Dr T V Anna Mercy, as the principal investigator. NAE is one of the most prestigious programmes conceptualized by ICAR to establish centres of excellence in fields of local importance in agriculture and allied topics. The project was to include a training and consultancy facility for farmers, traders, extension officers and students for transfer of technology in ornamental fish production; retail outlets; packing; transportation and marketing. The initial funds for this project were transferred for the preliminary phase.However, the proceedings of the sixth annual review meeting organized under the chairmanship of Dr S Ayyappan, director general, ICAR on June 21 at New Delhi reveals, \"Dr Anna Mercy, PI of the center - Integrated Centre for Ornamental Fish Research, Training and Management\", Kufos, explained her difficulties in not making a headway in the programme and reluctantly requested closure of the centre. It was resolved that the centre should be closed and the university may be asked to refund the grant released.\"\"The vice-chancellor who joined later sought the permission to change the PI and continue the centre. This was not agreed to, as the NAE is based on the expertise and competence of the PIs/Co-PIs collectively, in the chosen field and two Co-PIs have purportedly left the scheme,\" the proceedings added.Vice-chancellor B Madhusoodana Kurup, said, \"We have not received any official communication to that effect\". Dr Mercy said, \"These are internal matters and I have no comment to offer.\"The Indian Council for Agricultural Research has also asked the university to refund the grant amount", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14815214", "title": "Rains break dry spell, bring respite from heat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After days of dry spell, it rained at many places in Punjab and Haryana bringing much-awaited respite from heat and a sigh of relief for farmers.Haryana received a total rainfall of 58 mm on Tuesday whereas Patiala in Punjab alone recorded 74 mm rainfall, reports said. In Amritsar, 6.0 mm rainfall was recorded.Out of 58 mm rainfall in Haryana, Morni in Panchkula district received highest rainfall of 43 mm whereas Panchkula received 7.0 mm, Chhachhrauli and Kalka received 3.0 mm each and Ambala recorded 2 mm rainfall.The meteorological department also issued a report stating that the state has so far received a total rainfall of 2,260 mm during the current monsoon season since July 1. Highest rainfall of 167 mm has been recorded at Naraingarh in Ambala district.Following the rainfall, temperature dipped by a few notches in the two states.In Haryana, Ambala saw the highest dip of 1.7 degrees in maximum temperature whereas Ludhiana saw a maximum drop of 4.7 degrees.In Patiala too, the temperature dropped by 3.7 degrees. But Amritsar saw a rise of 0.6 degrees in maximum temperature.In Haryana, Karnal and Rohtak saw minimum dip of 0.2 degrees each. In Hisar, the temperature dropped by 1.0 degrees.According to Chandigarh met department, there is possibility of light to moderate rainfall at a few places in Punjab and Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813908", "title": "New timing of Tatkal scheme cuts down rush", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Tatkal scheme with its new timings and measures taken to check touts came into effect on Tuesday. After receiving complaints on the slow and tout-infested system, the Northern Railway introduced a slew of steps that received a mixed response on the first day.The segregation of the crowd following different timings for opening of normal ticket booking and Tatkal ticket booking helped both railways as well as ticket seekers, officials said. While some zones earmarked dedicated counters for Tatkal booking, some others like Northern Railway sold Tatkal tickets in the same counters, but entertained Tatkal ticket seekers only at 10am.Both railways officials and ticket seekers agreed the new measures had helped in reducing the serpentine queues outside the reservation counters. Shabana Khan, a passenger, said when she reached the counter at 9am she was only 10th in the queue. \"Before this, if you got to the counter late, you would be standing at the end of a 50 plus queue,\" she said.However, some customers complained that they had been unable to get tickets even after making it to the ticket counters on time.The chief public relations officer, Northern Railway, Neeraj Sharma said the measures had helped control the mad scramble for tickets seen earlier. \"The rush has subsided a lot. We had asked the Tatkal ticket buyers to wait outside and merged them into the queues gradually,\" he said. Sharma said that the steps have been introduced on a trial basis and suggestions for further improvement were welcome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813813", "title": "Rice isn't bad for diabetics after all, says study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rice isn't the diet villain as commonly thought. In fact, two types of rice commonly consumed by India's middle classes have now been found to have the lowest Glycemic Index (GI) \u2014 the measure of its ability to raise blood sugar levels after eating -- when compared with 233 other types of rice consumed around the world.Swarna and Mahsuri's GI levels were below 55. Another favourite among Indians \u2014Basmati -- too fared well but figured in the middle GI group (with GI levels above 60). This means that Indians, especially the country's 60 million strong diabetic population, need not worry about having rice in their diet.Low GI foods are those measured 55 and less, medium GI are those measured between 56 and 69, while high GI measures 70 and above.The study was conducted by the International Rice Research Institute (IRRI) and the University of Queensland. It also found that three of the top 10 rice varieties with lowest GI were being grown and consumed by Indians. Chief researcher Dr Melissa Fitzgerald told TOI that a rice grown in China called Shen Huang Zhin 2 was found to have the lowest GI (around 45) while a variety in Laos had the highest GI (92).Diabetes has become a serious health epidemic. By 2030, almost 330 million people will be affected by diabetes globally.\"Basmati has higher GI than commonly consumed rice varieties in India \u2014 Swarna and Mahsuri. The Basmati showed a GI of between 68 and 74. The other Indian varieties were all below 60. This is good news, especially for non-Basmati consumers, which is the general middle class population,\" Dr Fitzgerald said.Dr Fitzgerald added, \"We now know rice isn't that evil. It does not cause diabetes. However, this study will help diabetics to select rice wisely.\" She, however, warned those with low physical activity about consuming rice. \"Rice is high in carbohydrates which is needed for energy. Those with high physical activity like sportspersons need carbohydrates. But if a person leads a sedentary lifestyle without much physical movement, high energy isn't required and hence rice consumption should be reduced.\"But is brown rice a better option? \"Brown rice does not have higher nutritional content than white rice and is also not as palatable. However, brown rice has higher vitamin and mineral content. People must consider having brown rice at least once a week,\" Dr Fitzgerald said.Another researcher Dr Tony Bird said that low GI diets offered a range of health benefits. \"Low GI diets can reduce the likelihood of developing diabetes and are also useful for helping diabetics better manage their condition. This is good news for diabetics and people at risk of diabetes who are trying to control their condition through diet, as it means they can select the right rice to help maintain a healthy, low GI diet,\" Dr Bird said.When food is measured to have a high GI, it means it is easily digested and absorbed by the body, which often results in fluctuations in blood sugar levels that can increase chances of getting diabetes and make management of diabetes difficult.Conversely, foods with low GI are those that have slow digestion and absorption rates in the body, causing a gradual and sustained release of sugar into the blood, which has been proven beneficial to health, including reducing the chances of developing diabetes.Researchers analyzed 235 types of rice from around the world. The study found that the GI of rice ranges from a low of 48 to a high of 92, with an average of 64, and that the GI of rice depended on the type of rice consumed.The research team also identified the key gene that determines the GI of rice, an important achievement that offers rice breeders the opportunity to develop varieties with different GI levels to meet consumer needs. Future development of low GI rice would also enable food manufactures to develop new, low GI food products based on rice.Rice is a staple diet for Indians. This study confirms that rice can be part of a healthy diet for the average consumer.The main varieties of rice from India and southeast Asia which were tested includes Swarna, Mahsuri, MTU1010, Yamini (CSR30) and Basmati from India, Pakistan and Bangladesh and BG92 from Sri Lanka .\"What is important is the balance between food intake and physical activity. Globally, we are getting fatter, and this puts pressure on our organs. So we need to keep our weight in check and combining low GI, sensible eating and sensible amounts of physical activity should all combine to give a healthy outcome,\" Dr Fitzgerald signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812788", "title": "Justice denied, business lost at Zaveri Bazar", "text": "MUMBAI: Three terrorist attacks seem to have taken their toll on Zaveri Bazar, where once-bustling streets and stores see fewer visitors and businessmen are embittered. \"Each day feels like Sunday in Third Agiary Lane of Zaveri Bazar. Footfalls have reduced by half because only men on business come here now. With the food stalls gone, women who shop in nearby areas don't come here to eat anymore,\" says businessman Vinod Divecha.Friday marks a year since the serial blasts of July 13, 2011 targeted the city's diamond community, particularly at Zaveri Bazar and Opera House. A third bomb exploded in Dadar, whose residents console themselves by saying it caused relatively less damage than the other two.For Zaveri Bazar, 13/7 became the third burdensome addition to a bloody calendar. The area was already targeted during the serial blasts of March 1993 and twin blasts of August 2003. The battle-weary merchants are hoping that few commemorations are lined up for today knowing that the usual suspects will stream in to light candles, give a speech and return -- only to arrive again next year. Instead, they seek closure with a conviction for an attack that killed 11 people and seriously wounded four in the area.At least two tool merchants in Third Agiary Lane, where the blast occurred at 6.54 pm, recall how a dismembered head and torso was flung into their shops by the impact. Another shudders to think that a disfigured limb was found atop a pole after four days.Taiyeb Nishanwala, the elderly owner of Super Tools Centre, outside which the scooter bomb exploded, shows an album with photos of him wounded and bleeding being led to Saifee Hospital. \"In the initial flurry, doctors merely dressed our injuries. Later, an X-ray revealed that a piece of metal had pierced my foot,\" he says, raising his leg to show a black scar embedded in his sole. \"Three employees were severely wounded and one still has a shard of glass embedded in his neck. It is too close to a crucial nerve, so surgery could be fatal. All I wish is for our government to assure us that such a disaster will not befall us again,\" he says.The wounds have been dressed, the area sanitized and hawkers evicted. Khau Galli is perhaps the only lane in Zaveri Bazar where movement is free and paver blocks are visible from a distance. \"The reason is that only those who have business venture here anymore. Many of us deal in jewellery tools but the less specialized stores have witnessed a fall in profits,\" says businessman Zaki Khambati. In fact, the landmark eatery Mohan Pudlawala serves barely a fraction of the customers it did before.Pointing to the empty couch lining the wall, the owner of J S Kothari tool shop says business is down by half. \"You would not find space to set foot before the July 13 blasts,\" he laughs bitterly. \"We have invested money in rebuilding the exterior only to find the returns are no longer coming in.\" He recalls how Union home minister P Chidambaram had sat on this sofa when he arrived to commiserate with the victims. \"It made for good pictures during that time. However, with no conviction years after previous blasts we are not sure this case will reach its logical conclusion either.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14814964", "title": "Cyber cell to trace info given by driver", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Police has intensified probe into the case related to the seizure of 17 tonnes of Ammonium Nitrate from a truck at Vazhikadavu on Sunday night.On Tuesday, special team of police collected sample of the explosive material for chemical analysis. Police also sought the help of cyber cell to trace out a cell phone number given by the lorry driver who is in police custody.According to the documents seized from the truck, the explosive substance is brought from the address Jaiveer Entrerprises, in Vishakhapattanam, Hyderabad. Police has started detailed investigation on the company at Vishakapatanam and its link with the business person in Vazhayoor in the district. Police has collected the details regarding the case registered against the business person in 2008 for violating the explosive licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14817801", "title": "Allahabad high court summons UP chief secretary, DGP", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Tuesday directed the UP chief secretary, DGP, and director secondary education to appear before it on July 26 along with the relevant records to show what action has been taken in the matter of defalcation of huge amount of GPF in the education department.The order was passed by Justice Sudhir Agrawal on a writ petition filed by Giridhari Lal of Kanpur. Passing the order, the court directed the director secondary education to make inquiry in which director had found that the allegation of defalcation of GPF amount was correct, but no action was taken.Later by means of order dated April 4, 2012, the court had directed CBI to make inquiry in order to fix criminal responsibility. However, the court said the role of the state government and its officials was extremely unsatisfactory and it appears that they are sheltering the officials by inaction on their part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814014", "title": "High court lawyers to shun work for three days", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lawyers of the high court will abstain from judicial work for consecutive three days. General secretary of Oudh Bar Association, Vishal Dixit said that the association decided the boycott court work in support of Bar Council India.The BCI has called upon about 17 lakh lawyers of the country to abstain from work on July 11 and July 12 in protest against the Centre's higher education and research bill, 2011, the foreign educational institution (regulation of entry) bill 2010 and national law school bill, 2011.The OBA has also decided to shun judicial work on July 13 also in support of its demand for adding Kanpur and Bareilly division in jurisdiction of Lucknow bench. Besides it, the district and other bar associations of subordinate courts will also boycott work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14817697", "title": "Mohan Rao takes over command of IAF Chabua station", "text": "GUWAHATI: Air Commodore Mohan Rao on Tuesday took over the command of Air Force Station, Chabua, in Assam. Rao, an alumnus of the National Defence Academy, took over from Air Commodore Mrigendra Singh, an official statement said.A ceremonial taking over parade was held to mark the occasion.Rao was commissioned in the IAF as a fighter pilot in 1983. He has flown over 3,500 hours on various fighter and trainer aircraft including Mirage 2000, Mig 21, ISKARA, Kiran and HPT-32.He is also a qualified flying instructor. As Flight Commander, Rao was awarded Vayu Sena medal during \"Operation Parakaram\".His earlier tenures include command of a fighter squadron, directing staff at Defence Services Staff College and as joint director at Air Headquarters in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14816911", "title": "Plan ready to check ragging on Allahabad University campus", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the new academic session just a week away, Allahabad University is ready with the plan to check ragging on the campus. The plan, which includes the formation of an anti-ragging team, is being enforced in the campus as per the guidelines of the University Grants Commission (UGC).A notice issued by proctor Prof Mata Amber Tewari mentions that anyone found misbehaving with the freshers on the campus will be dealt with severely under the anti-ragging guidelines of UGC. The freshers, if they are subjected to any sort of ragging, should inform the proctorial team or the anti-ragging team, the notice further says.Four separate teams, each for the three faculties and one for the Women's College, have been constituted to check ragging on the campus.The team members for the science faculty include Shukla (mobile 9415214363), KN Uttam (mobile 9839053071), Shailendra Rai (mobile 9415649617), Manoj Kumar Singh (mobile 8765216783) and Shanti Sundaram (mobile 9335158759). Likewise for the Arts campus the team members include Prof Mata Amber Tewari (mobile 9415214496), Prof BN Singh (mobile 9450618665), Javed Akhtar (mobile 9005094472) and Shubhash Shukla (mobile 9935213944).The Proctor said said the commerce/Law faculty includes RS Singh (mobile 9415631461) and Anshuman Mishra (mobile 9454018190). The team members of the women's hostel include Katyayani Singh (mobile 9415703694) and Jaya Kapoor (mobile 9335129772).The details of the anti-ragging team are also mentioned on the AU website. \"I would request all the head's of respective departments to ask the senior students to sign an affidavit and declare that they would not be indulging in any kind of activities which comes under the ambit of ragging,\" proctor said. The team would check any attempt to rag the newcomers as well as the juniors pursuing various courses at AU, he added.Besides, anti-ragging hoardings and notices will be put up on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14814566", "title": "Police seek Rs 100cr aid to prepare for fest", "text": "NASHIK: The city police commissionerate has sought infrastructure related works over Rs 100 crore for the upcoming Kumbh Mela in 2015.A proposal in this regard has been sent to the district collectorate and with the various developmental works being outlined for the city's mega religious event, the city police are hoping their demands are met as well.According to senior police officials, during the last Kumbh Mela held in the city, 98,000 sadhus and an additional 50 lakh devotees had converged for holy dips in the Godavari. For the 2015 festival, police anticipate that the number of devotees and sadhus is likely to be double given the various transportation facilities that have been made available over the last few years.However, taking into account the stampede during the 'Shahi Snan' (holy dip) in the last Kumbha Mela, wherein 41 pilgrims were killed and 150 others were injured, the police have put a major thrust on barricading theShahi Marg , which is the route through which the sadhus and mahants proceed for the Shahi Snan (holy sanctimonious dip in the riverSenior police officials said that iron barricades would be set up at as many places as possible along this path which snakes through the old city's narrow lanes and by-lanes.Since widening these roads is not possible, barricading them seems to be the only workable solution as of right now.In addition to this, police have also put forth a demand to renovate all police stations and chowkies, install more barracks for the large numbers of police officials and employees who would be deployed during police bandobast in course of the festival.According to reports, during the last Kumbh nearly 8,000 policemen, and3,500 home guards and another 1,500 volunteers were deployed for providing security cover. In light of this high numbers police officials saythis backdrop it is only natural that more barracks will be needed.Plans are also on the anvil to set up close circuit television cameras at the river's banks and at the sadhu camp. The city police have also sought financial aid for equipment needed by bomb disposal squads, the wireless wing of the police and to procure new vehicles during bandobast.Sources within the police department said that while the cost of Rs100 crore plus might seem to big a number for infrastructural activity to beef up the department, from the police said that though such infrastructure related works worth over Rs 100 crore seem to big for the police department, these are essential costs since they involve the safety and security of citizens including mahants and devotees who will turn up in large numbers from outside the city as well.The centre, state and the Nashik Municipal Corporation had pooled in Rs 375 crore for Kumbh 2003-04. Senior officials said that that this year the amount of the money for managing the entire event itself would be at least three to four times that amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "14815258", "title": "Sand mafia attacks 3 cops in Karnal", "text": "KARNAL: Days after a constable was mowed down by sand mafia in Faridabad, three cops had a narrow escape in Karnal on Friday night, when two men tried to run a tractor-trolley ferrying sand over them.A case of attempt to murder has been registered against the two and hunt is on to track them. Police said the two attacker have been identified as Avtar Singh of Chongama village and Pola of Rao Gumthla village of Karnal district.Indri police station SHO Depender Rana said the two men threw an iron rod at the police team when they signaled them to stop the vehicle. They then tried to run the tractor over the cops.Rana said the police had been receiving complaints of mining mafia being active in the region, and thus patrolling in areas along the Yamuna had been stepped up. Thirty cases had been registered in past two months against various people involved in illegal mining in Karnal district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817800", "title": "Can't show my physical attributes unnecessarily: Nazia", "text": "Nazia Hussain will soon be seen paired opposite Shakti Samanta's grandson Aditya in 'Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai'.Nargis Dutt's grand niece Nazia made her debut with a film titled 'Say Yes To Love'. Undoubtedly, being Sanjay Dutt's niece she should get everything on a platter. \"No, not at all. In fact, I want to make my career on my own talent. I do not want to take any help from anybody. What I feel is if I am focused and determined and concentrate on work, I will definitely make it. When you make a position for yourself on your own it feels great. This is my second film and I am pinning a definite hope,\" says Nazia.Nazia adds, \"I enjoyed working with Ashim Samanta who treated me like his own daughter. He would take Aditya and me out for ice cream while shooting in Poland. In fact, I dominated Aditya. His father is the producer but Aditya did not put on any pompous air about it. It was fun shooting with him. After every take he would ask me if his take was okay. He is open to suggestions.\"Talking about the movie, she says, \"I had to audition twice. In the first audition, I just spoke a few lines but in the next I was asked to enact a full scene. I play the character of a Rajput girl. This romantic tale is very interesting. Initially, it took some time for Aditya and me to open up. Aditya is a quiet guy, while I am a garrulous girl. For me pleasure and work both go together. I can never concentrate if the atmosphere is very serious. A little later, even Aditya was all game for fun.\"So the reel couple have turned into real lovers as well? Blushingly, she answers, \"No, we are just good friends and we enjoyed shooting together. Our chemistry on screen is undoubtedly visible. Aditya is mischievous in his own ways. The film will speak for our hard work.\"Nazia is open to doing sexy scenes. \"Yes! I am not in favour of showcasing my physical attributes unnecessarily. I don't mind donning a sexy avatar as long as it will not look vulgar. I am open to scenes if they are the demand of the script. I just do not want to shed clothes unnecessarily in order to show my personality. As an actor, one needs to represent the character one plays in a particular film. So, even for smooching scenes I would not like to do a 'faltu' smooch shot,\" she explains.About her future films, she says, \"I am in no hurry. I am waiting for 'YJMH' to release and concentrating on its promotions. I have come here to stay. Though I am being offered a few films, I am just reading scripts and nothing has been finalised.\"Last but not the least, Nazia wants to make it on to the Bollywood map. \"Yes! At present, I am keen on making my career graph stronger. Marriage or love can happen at a later stage. Being single means better concentration,\" she concludes. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "14814266", "title": "Labour returns to Bihar, canal construction hit", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In recent times, Bihar and Gujarat seem to be entangled in one way or the other. From the domain of politics to that of development, what happens in one state is having a bearing on the other.This time around, it is the Sardar Sarovar Nigam Limited (SSNL) which is faced with a dearth of labour. With the labour force from Bihar preferring to keep itself confined to the native state, work on the construction of the canal network of the SSNL in Gujarat is suffering. \"The shortage is pretty serious this time.We are mulling how to get the labour force from Bihar to do the required task,\" said an official. He explained that it is the Bihari labour which has the skill to carry out the concretizing work of the canals. \"This work cannot be done through automation as 70 per cent of it requires manual concretizing,\" he added.The officials are trying to analyze what is keeping Bihari labour away. One of the explanations being given is that proper implementation of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA) has prevented the emigration of labour not only to Gujarat but to the other states as well. A hundred day employment offered under MNREGA coupled with subsistence farming is learnt to be a major factor. Small jobs during the other months further add to their income. Even if a labourer is getting a little less than what he gets while working away from home, he is comparatively better placed. This is good in a way but it has led to problems elsewhere,\" said the official. He disclosed that Andhra Pradesh , Orissa, Bihar, Tamil Nadu and Panchmahal in south Gujarat are the key labour supplying areas to the state. But it is the Bihari labour which is the most skilled to do the job required to be done by the SSNL.\"Orders have been given to get in touch with contractors supplying labour force. One of the solutions for addressing this issue is that we give more wages which we are willing to do. The solution has to be found soon,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi/dehradun", "code": "14813383", "title": "CBI files charge sheet against Ramdev aide Balkrishna", "text": "NEW DELHI/DEHRADUN: The CBI on Tuesday filed a charge sheet in a special court in Dehradun against yoga guru Baba Ramdev's aide Balkrishna in a case relating to submission of alleged fake documents to obtain Indian passport, an issue which cropped up last year questioning his nationality.In its charge sheet, the CBI has also accused Naresh Chand Dwivedi, the then principal of Sanskrit Mahavidayala, Khurja, Uttar Pradesh, of allegedly helping Balkrishna obtain fake educational certificates.The agency has booked the duo under Indian Penal Code sections related to criminal conspiracy, cheating and forgery and imposed additional charge for alleged violation of the Passport Act against Balkrishna. \"It was alleged in the complaint that the accused had wrongfully obtained an Indian passport. Enquiry established that the accused in connivance with some unknown persons has furnished false information and forged documents to the passport office at Bareilly (UP) for getting an Indian passport,\" the CBI spokesperson said.The agency said its investigation had established that the accused, in connivance with a co-accused, had furnished false information and submitted fake and forged high school and graduation certificates before the passport authorities for obtaining the travel document. The agency had also made a judicial request to Nepal government asking it to ascertain Balkrishna's nationality details but no response has come so far, CBI sources said. Not getting any information, the CBI has filed its charge sheet before the special court based on its probe in the case.The CBI had registered a case of cheating and criminal conspiracy against him on July 23 as doubts were raised whether he was an Indian citizen amid a raging confrontation between the government and the yoga guru over the latter's agitation on black money. Although the decision to register the case against Balkrishna was taken after Sampurna Nand Sanskrit University denied ever having him on its rolls, Ramdev partisans are sure to paint it as part of government's alleged campaign against him when he is seeking to revive the black money stir.Registrar of the university Rajnish Shukla had told CBI that Balkrishna's two degrees -- 'Purv Madhyma', a high school degree issued in 1991, and 'Shastri', a Sanskrit degree in 1996 -- didn't figure in the varsity's records. He said the CBI had matched records which showed that the enrolment numbers mentioned in the fudged documents belonged to a different student. According to sources, Balkrishna failed to provide satisfactory explanation for the discrepancy.A court, acting on Balkrishna's petition, had restrained the CBI from arresting him. It, however, refused to quash the FIR against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14812657", "title": "Wife kills husband, alleges prolonged torture as reason", "text": "MADURAI: A woman killed her husband, who allegedly was torturing and physically abusing her for some years at Indira Nagar in Bibikulam in Sellur police limits on Monday night.Uma Maheswari (45) was married to Anbalagan (67), a construction worker. The couple has a son and daughter who are married. Anbalagan, who is said to be a drunkard used to come home in an inebriated state and used to beat his wife, as he suspected her behaviour. Their son, Karthik got married only five months back and was living in a joint family setup. Both the woman and her son were frustrated over the behaviour of the man.Under these circumstances, Anbalagan came home drunk on Monday evening and started beating his wife. He tortured her and started biting her as well.Unable to bear his torture anymore, the woman retaliated and beat him with a club. Anbalagan sustained serious injuries and fainted, while Maheswari, who was still in a rage, strangulated him to death. Police said that Karthik fully supported his mother in her act and together they informed the relatives that Anbalagan died of natural causes and arranged the funeral. However, a relative informed the police about the murder. When the police narrowed them down, they surrendered to the village administrative officer (VAO). Sellur police have registered a case and arrested Maheswari and Karthik on murder charges.\"The murder occurred on Monday evening and the woman and her son surrendered before the VAO by Tuesday morning. Based on the complaint filed by Balamurugan, Bibikulam VAO, Sellur police filed the case and arrested both,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14813912", "title": "CBI files complaint in HIV case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A month after the Gujarat high court transferred probe in the incident where 23 thalassemic kids contracted HIV through blood transfusion in Junagadh to Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), the agency filed the complaint in the case on Tuesday. The case is likely to move to the special CBI court in Mirzapur on Wednesday. It was for the first time that the HC ordered a CBI probe while acting on a Public Interest Litigation (PIL).Deepak Damor, the superintendent of police from CBI, Gandhinagar , will be investigating the case, sources said. The court had asked Shobha Bhutada, the Junagadh superintendent of police, to probe . However, the judges were not happy with her efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14812883", "title": "No contraceptives available for 1.7 mn Rajasthan women", "text": "JAIPUR: At least 1.7 million women in Rajasthan fail to avoid a second child as they do not have access to contraceptives.In an interview to TOI, Frederika Meijer, India Representative for United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), said, \"The unmet need for family planning is around 1.7 million in the state. It means that 1.7 million women in Rajasthan do not have access to contraceptives.\"This means the state government has to battle high prevalence of unintended pregnancies in the state. The total fertility rate in Rajasthan is 3.1, fourth highest in the country.Meijer said that in India, the overall unmet need for family planning is around 28 million, which accounts for over 10% of global unmet need. \"If we fulfill the unmet need of family planning, the unintended pregnancies would drop by two third and that would save lives of thousands of women and newborns.\"\"Our idea is about how to join various forces and together make sure that all the women will have access to contraceptives,\" Meijer said.Since, Rajasthan is focusing more on sterilization for stabilization of population, UNFPA advocates spacing between two children as a population control measure rather than focusing on sterilization. \"Our emphasis is on spacing methods. In Rajasthan, the focus is on sterilization. But sterilization is not an option for newly married couples. Right now, the largest ever population of young people in India is entering their reproductive years. In Rajasthan, 6 million women will enter their reproductive years in a few a years. The number of such women in India would be 112 million. Young couples will not opt for sterilization. So government should go beyond sterilization and provide easy access to contraceptives.\"The UNFPA official stressed that in the prime reproductive age, it's young people who need contraceptives the most to plan their families and achieve reproductive health.She also said that spacing between births and a delayed first birth is important because if a woman give birth to a child before reaching 18, then chances of her death is 5% higher than after 18 years due to complications due to pregnancy.Meijer said it is time to reach out to young and adolescent population and make them aware about reproductive health. \"Around 60% of our (UNFPA) funds target young people. \"We are supporting the government to provide contraceptives at the doorstep,\" she added.She said that this year on World Population Day, family planning summit will be organized in London and this year the focus would be how to improve access to contraceptives, counseling and also to aware young people (out of school) about reproductive health.Family planning, Meijer said, is not rocket science. But it is the cheapest investment to keep a check on maternal mortality ratio and infant mortality rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "14813431", "title": "Wikipedia shuts Russian site to protest web law", "text": "MOSCOW: The Russian version of online encyclopedia Wikipedia closed its site on Tuesday in a one-day protest against what it said were plans by President Vladimir Putin to create his own version of the \"Great Chinese Firewall\" to block dissent on the internet.Supporters of amendments to Russia's information law, which were proposed by the ruling United Russia party and will be discussed in parliament on Wednesday, say changes are needed to protect children from harmful sites.But leaders of anti-Putin protests say the new law could shut down websites in Russia such as Facebook and Twitter without a court order and is meant to stop their opposition movement, which is organised via social networking sites. \"These amendments may become a basis for real censorship on the internet \u2014 forming a list of forbidden sites and IP addresses,\" Russian Wikipedia said,Rashi Sinha in a statement \"The following provisions and wording undertaken for discussion would lead to the creation of a Russian equivalent of the 'Great Chinese Firewall' ... in which access to Wikipedia could soon be closed across the entire country.\"The changes to the information law would give government officials power to request the closure of internet pages without a court order simply by blacklisting them. China has some of the most effective methods of blocking dissent on the internet, tightly controlling what can and cannot be viewed. Under the changes proposed in Russia, if a website owner does not remove the content that is deemed inappropriate, access to the entire website in Russia can be blocked. Opposition leaders and ordinary Russians have used Facebook, Twitter and Russian networking site Vkontakte to organize protests and distribute anti-Putin information since protests began over alleged violations in parliamentary elections last December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812147", "title": "Self-financed school bill nod likely", "text": "MUMBAI: Keen to open a window for setting up of private schools in the state, minister of school education Rajendra Darda said \"all efforts would be made to get the bill approved in the ongoing session of the state legislature.\"The bill lays down norms regarding infrastructure, quality of education and other rules and regulations which schools must follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814029", "title": "Switch off street lights, if you wish to avoid pay cut", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh urban development minister Mohammad Azam Khan, on Tuesday, warned the civic authorities to ensure that street lights are switched off by morning or else deductions will be made from their salaries. The minister also said that no power bills be paid for street lights unless he is informed of the blanket closure of lights in the morning. The move comes in the wake of extreme power crisis the state has been facing for the past few days.Azam Khan said that the directions to this effect has been sent to all municipal commissioners and executive engineers with a message to ensure prompt compliance, lest they wanted their salaries cut.Following the orders of the minister, the urban development department stopped payment of all pending power bills and said no payments will be made till heads of municipal corporations give a written assurance that no power is being wasted. Azam Khan also asked the principal secretary of the urban development department, Praveer Kumar to apprise him of the electricity usage and bills paid of all municipal corporations across the state in the last five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813832", "title": "Raja ignored my views on 2G allocation, Behura tells JPC", "text": "NEW DELHI: DMK leader A Raja rejected a clause that could have shielded the UPA government against allegations of \"fixing\" the scam-tainted 2G licences, former telecom secretary Siddharth Behura told the Joint Parliamentary Committee on telecom on Tuesday.Behura's testimony, pinning the blame for the 2G allotments on Raja, seems to indicate that the former secretary has parted ways with his political boss who may have to defend himself against the charge that he willfully overruled his secretary's cautionary advice.Appearing before the JPC, Behura who along with Raja was the last 2G accused to be granted bail, said he had argued that compliance with letters of intent as the basis for issuing licences might make prioritizing applicants a fraught task. But his view was overruled by Raja who said the matter had been settled before Behura became telecom secretary.Behura claimed he had taken the view that priority should be decided on the basis of dates on which applications were submitted rather than fulfilling LoI conditions on the very day the letters were issued.Answering questions, Behura's defence was to consistently claim he was only implementing decisions taken before he came to the telecom ministry. But his claim that he signed on 122 licences - a majority of which were found to be flawed by the Supreme Court - as he did not question files put up by junior staffers did not wash with opposition members like Ravi Shankar Prasad.After the meeting, some opposition MPs said Behura was evasive on several occasions and they remained unconvinced that he was not complicit in the 2G irregularities.Behura, however, received a more sympathetic response from other committee members, with Congress's Manish Tewari wondering if he had been a victim of circumstances. The former secretary said key decisions like tweaking of the first come, first served policy and shifting the cut-off date for eligibility of applicants had been taken before his tenure.Interestingly, Behura echoed Raja in saying the Prime Minister's Office was in the loop over disbursal of licences. He said he met T K A Nair, then principal secretary to the PM, on January 8, 2008, just two days before licences were issued to brief him about the 2G developments. He said a note was put up to the PM on the basis of that discussion.On the issue of at least two 2G beneficiaries - Swan and Unitech - earning large profits by equity sale to foreign investors, Behura took the line this was permissible under the law and this was not sale of fresh equity.He also said that in his meetings with the PM's secretary and cabinet secretary after he took over as telecom secretary, he did not get any impression that the government was keen to revise the pricing or other criteria. He also said he was present in meetings with the finance ministry where the issue with regard to pricing was about spectrum beyond 6.2 Mhz.Behura said the 2G licence came with 4.4 Mhz and an additional 1.8 Mhz was allotted in accordance with the subscriber linked criteria. He referred to the decision to put off a meeting of the Telecom Commission on January 9, 2008, which some JPC members said was motivated by pricing being on the agenda.In keeping with the government's view, he also rejected the Comptroller and Auditor General's calculation of a presumptive loss saying pricing was a policy choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14812817", "title": "Modi talks of 'Laxman Rekha'", "text": "PATNA: In an apparent bid to cool down the frayed tempers of the two NDA partners, BJP leader and deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi on Tuesday said the alliance partners should not cross 'Laxman Rekha' of 'coalition dharma'.Reacting to CM Nitish Kumar's remark that the BJP can poach any JD (U) leader it wishes, Modi told mediapersons on the sidelines of his weekly Janata Darbar that normally members of alliance partners don't switch sides. The allies also don't enrol other partner's member into their fold. However, there are some exceptions, as some switchover takes place, particularly during elections. Otherwise, in normal circumstances it doesn't take place, Modi said.On former BJP MLC Sanjay Jha joining the JD (U) in the presence of the CM, the deputy CM made it clear that it was an exceptional case which cannot be the rule, and added that Jha had informed the party leadership about his decision. \"I am sure that both the BJP and the JD (U) will not cross the 'Laxman Rekha',\" Modi declaredModi's comments were apparently aimed at downplaying those by state BJP chief C P Thakur, who had recently said that several JD (U) leaders were in touch with his party. Thakur had made the remarks with the intention of reminding the two parties to abide by the principles of 'coalition dharma', he said.The deputy CM said if the Centre did not stop giving stepmotherly treatment to Bihar on power, coal and other issues, the BJP would launch an agitation against it and a rally would be organized by the party at Gandhi Maidan, the date of which would be announced later.He declared the state government has nothing to do with the proposal to shift Patna airport to Nalanda. The Airports Authority of India would take a final call. Construction of an airport would require 3,500 to 4,000 acres of land and acquisition of such a huge swathe of land is very difficult in the state, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14816994", "title": "'No-entry' sparks row in Allahabad University", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The three officials of the Allahabad University -- Registrar, Finance Officer and the Controller of Examinations -- did not attend the office in protest on Tuesday after their official vehicles were not given entry on the Arts faculty campus.On Tuesday morning as these officials arrived at the main gate (the Central Library gate), the guards refused to open the gate and asked the drivers to park the vehicle in parking slot meant for staff vehicles. Not getting the access, the three officials went back in protest.Sources told TOI that proctor Prof Mata Ambar Tiwari had sent a letter to these officials on Saturday informing them of vehicle restriction on the Arts campus from July 10. Later, the three officials had apprised the vice-chancellor about the proctor's letter. The V-C had agreed to discuss the issue in the meeting of the security committee on July 11 and till then the proctor's decision was to be kept in abeyance.\"There were so many RTIs wherein the applicants wanted to see their answer copies and I was carrying the same in my official car but as the guards refuse to permit the entry. the meeting of the RTI had to be postponed,\" said the CoE, H S Upadhayay.Proctor MA Tiwari, however, denied the restriction on vehicles. \"I have not restricted the entry of the cars of these officials, I have only asked them to come from a particular gate and their offices are barley a few yards from the parking area.\" A final decision on the issue is likely to be taken in the meeting of the security committee on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817921", "title": "Bhatt saab has a fantastic sense of music writing: Arko", "text": "The one constant in Bhatt-camp movies \u2014 from 'Gangster' to 'Murder 2' and now 'Jism 2' is the super hit music. With nearly each film they introduce a new music director who surprises the nation with his versatility in music. This time, with 'Jism 2', it is Arko Mukherjee.An MBBS gold medallist (2007) from Kolkata, Arko Pravo gave up a medical career to pursue his passion for music and landed in Mumbai in 2008. His passion and hard work seem to have paid off as the debutant is all set to rock the nation with his music in 'Jism 2'. The title song trailer of the movie has already created waves on the net. Devyani P Korgaonkar had a candid conversation with the young music director on his dream musical journey to B-Town.How did a big project like 'Jism 2' come your way? My close friend Prashant Narayanan, well-known for playing the negative role in super hit 'Murder 2' took me to the Bhatt camp. It was Prashant who gave me Bhatt saab's number. I went to meet him with a guitar. My guitarist Mayukh Sarkar was on a tour in Tokyo with Rekha Bharadwaj at that time. Bhatt sahab gave me just 10 minutes to play my songs. Those 10 minutes turned into one-and-a-half hours as he liked the songs very much and introduced me to Pooja and Mukesh Bhatt. This was in November (2011), when the scripting of the film was at its last stage. Pooja, who is producing and directing the movie, told me that I should meet them once the script was ready. Finally, when the scripting was over in January, they called me. I went to their office again and Dino Morea , who is co-producing the movie with Pooja, also listened to and liked my songs. That is how, out of the blue, 'Jism 2' landed in my life.As a debutant did you expect it? Isn't it unexpected? But true. Truth is stranger than fiction.Are you based in Mumbai? How did you choose your career in Bollywood? Yes, now I am based in Mumbai. I am basically from Kolkata. I was doing my MBBS there till 2007. After doing six months of MS studies, I quit and landed in Mumbai in 2008. At that time I was with another guy, planning a Hindi rock band together. Universal produced one of our albums as well but it was not promoted in a big way. Nothing went right at the time; there were lots of problems, differences with my partner grew, and at last I went solo in 2010. In India, Bollywood is everything. If there has to be a career in music, it is in Bollywood. I write passionately in Hindi. So, for me, the logical choice was Bollywood. I, of course, want to sing and perform later, once I am established in Bollywood. I am forming my own band. I am planning world tours. But first, let's see how people love Jism 2 songs (laughs). Everything depends on that.The music of the first film, 'Jism' was super hit; there must be a lot of expectation from you. Well, MM Kreem's music is awesome. If you go to a big show where Shreya Ghoshal is performing, the biggest applause comes for the song 'Jaadu Hai Nasha Hai'. It's still viral. Kreem is a fantastic music composer, a genius. And to fill his shoes is a huge honour. But thankfully, the two songs (promos) sung by KK and Ali Azmat have got a tremendously overwhelming response till now. There were more than one million hits in less than 60 hours for the title song. Now the second song 'Abhi Abhi' is also being liked by everyone.Is it a mixed bag of songs (melody, sufi, rock, etc) in terms of genre? Well, I would not say it's a mixed bag. See, it is not an album which will be filled with all kinds of songs as per my wish. When you are giving music for a film, it is paramount to understand the director's vision. The music has to be perfectly in correlation with the story and the characters. Jism 2 has its specific sound space. The sound tracks used in this are obviously versatile. The music blends romance, mystery, desire, loss... I believe lyrics also play a huge role. I have tried my best to create haunting melodies. It is not a design-oriented soundtrack; rather, it is more of a melodic and lyrical soundtrack.Who are the singers? The singers are Ali Azmat, Kay Kay and Shreya Ghoshal. Ali is the voice of Randeep Hooda, while Kay Kay has voiced for Arunoday Singh.Which song is your favourite? I believe it is 'Maula Kuchh Reh Gaya Baaki', which released after 'Abhi Abhi'. The song is special for me and Munna (Munish Makhija, Pooja Bhatt's husband), who has produced the track as well. Everyone has their own favourite. But this is my personal favourite.How was it like working with the 'Jism 2' team? I am delighted with the fact that I worked with a team of people like Pooja Bhatt , Dino Morea, and above all Mahesh Bhatt, the legend. Bhatt saab has a fantastic sense of music writing; he is aesthetically evolved, a master, a philosopher. On the other hand, Pooja, whom I have been watching since childhood, has great vision and clarity. She knows exactly what she wants. It helped me a lot as a music director. I had a blast working with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "on paper, the bmc's ambitious road maintenance management system (rmms) looks good. but even before this software has been installed, it seems to have run into a classic bmc problem", "code": "14812689", "title": "Civic chief seeks analysis of bid rates from contractors", "text": "On paper, the BMC's ambitious Road Maintenance Management System (RMMS) looks good. But even before this software has been installed, it seems to have run into a classic BMC problem: the same contractors who have been doing a bad job of repairing the city's roads year after year have once again bid for roadwork contracts (RWC) and with abnormally low bids. So, all things remaining the same, will the RMMS have any relevance?Following TOI's report about the abnormally low RWC bids, municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte has asked the contractors to explain how they arrived at such low figures.Confirming the development, additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta told TOI, \"The municipal commissioner has asked for a rate analysis. The low bids put forth by the contractors are a cause for concern.\" A source said the civic chief was irked by the continuing practice of deliberate low bidding for RWC.But corporators termed the civic administration's seeking of a rate analysis a farce. Samajwadi Party group leader Rais Shaikh said, \"What is the point of relying on contractors to explain the low bidding? This is simply the result of a nexus between officers and contractors. Other bodies like Tata Consulting Engineers should be roped in to check whether work can be carried out for such low rates.\"This is not the first time the civic body has asked contractors to produce a rate analysis. The BMC also made the demand after TOI reported 40-60% low bidding in the civil works contracts (CWC), on which the civic body is yet to take a call.RWC was meant to replace CWC for ward-level roads, but the contractors have bid 38-48% lower than the scheduled rate. For the island city, the BMC received 18 bids, with R K Madhani, the lowest bidder, quoting 38% below the scheduled rate. The western and eastern suburbs had Prime Civil bidding 48% lower.The two-year contracts cost Rs 240 crore, with Rs 10 crore for each ward. The money will be utilized for minor road repairs. Since it is an item-based system, contractors will have to tell the civic body the amount for which they would carry out each category of work. Times ViewThe BMC administration seems to be making an effort to clamp down on deliberate under-bidding for contracts and the contractor-babu nexus. But patience levels are not exactly high on the streets, where the commuter has to contend with pockmarked roads every monsoon. The average Mumbaikar does not really bother about the intricacies of how contracts are bagged; all citizens want are good roads and a corruption-free system that delivers. The current administration's efforts are laudable to that extent but will not count for much unless the services delivered - in this case pothole-free, motorable roads - are of a decent quality. Mumbai is not really asking for the moon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817666", "title": "Deepika loves Rajinikanth\u2019s professionalism", "text": "She came, she saw and she conquered. Bollywood hottie Deepika Padukone is now most wanted in Kollywood.The Cocktail actress is currently working with Rajinikanth in his daughter Soundarya's Kochaidaiyaan . And what does she like best about the Superstar? Well, it seems she loves his child-like enthusiasm. Apparently, his high energy and the way he is passionate about his work is something other actors should learn.Rajinikanth is not just enthusiastic but he is professional and aims to be perfect. He also makes it easy for those who are working with him. According to Deepika, there's only one other star in India who can match him - and that's Amitabh Bachchan . The fact that the two stalwarts of Indian cinema are also good friends definitely says a lot about them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14816795", "title": "Doctors' body fetes eye surgeon's feat", "text": "RANCHI: City-based eye surgeon B P Kashyap has been honoured for saving the vision of at least 15 patients by removing their \"hyper-mature\" cataract. He has also implanted lens on their eyes to make the vision normal.In normal case, the moment a hyper-mature cataract is touched by a surgeon, it bursts and creates problem for the patients. At times, the surgeon is not able to implant a lens. The technique developed by Kashyap has saved the vision of the affected people.The eye surgeon, however, did not say specify the time a \"mature\" cataract takes to become \"hyper-mature\". \"For some, it takes a few days, for others, it takes years. But when a patient develops hyper-mature cataract, he or she starts seeing everything 'pearly white',\" Dr Kashyap said.He said in the new technique using the phacoemulsification method, he make a fine hole in the hyper-mature cataract so that it did not burst while being removed. Dr Kashyap termed the technique as converting \"dangerous Argentinean flag sign\" converting into \"safe Ashoka Chakra sign\".\"With the development of this technique which is very simple, I hope that the surgeons will be able to operate hyper-mature cataract with much ease and the patient will regain vision,\" he added.In recognition to the achievement, the doctor was recently honoured by the Intraocular Implant and Refractive Society of India. He was presented a gold medal for his contribution in the field of eye surgery by developing the new technique and the work done by him in Jharkhand.Governor of Tamil Nadu K Rosaiah gave him the gold medal at a function organized at Chennai a few of days back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14817873", "title": "BMC postpones launching of AC buses", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal Municipal Corporation's (BMC) has postponed its plan to launch air conditioned low-floor buses, further to two months.The BMC had planned to ply 10 AC low-floor buses connecting Bhopal to the three tourist destinations, Bhojpur, Bheembetka and Sanchi from July first week this year. However, it has been delayed for two months. \"There has been a delay of two months in the delivery of the AC low-floor buses, due to which the deadline of July has been extended to the month of September,\" BRTS in charge, BMC Devendra Tiwari said.BMC commissioner, Rajneesh Shrivastava said that out of the 20 AC low-floor buses ordered by the BMC, 10 buses would ply to the tourist spots while the remaining 10 buses would run on the BRTS corridor in the city.Meanwhile, the corporation plans to begin the connectivity of non-AC buses to nearby tourist attractions from July end, he confirmed. The fares are yet to be decided, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814277", "title": "Swan licences out of order, feels JPC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) looking into the 2G Spectrum scam on Tuesday found it unusual that the then telecom secretary Siddharth Behura had approved licenses to be given to Swan Telecom, even after his department had raised questions about the firm's eligibility.The note that Behura, as a witness, submitted to the JPC on Tuesday, states, \"It may be mentioned that there were allegations of non compliance of substantial equity clause. We have no means to verify that.\"But on the same page two lines of hand-written instructions by Behura say the company meets eligibility criteria and may be given licences for 2G spectrum. The instructions dated January 9, 2008 said, \"they fulfill the requisite conditions LoI may be issued for approval.\"Behura faced a volley of questions from CPI MP Gurudas Dasgupta , BJP members Yashwant Sinha and Ravi Shankar Prasad and Manish Tiwari of the Congress on his eagerness to favour Swan.To a question raised by Dasgupta, Behura is learnt to have admitted that, \"distribution of 120 licenses acquired by 12 companies within less than an hour was unusual.\"When asked why Swan was disqualified, by the economic department of DoT, when Behura had overruled it, the former telecom secretary said that was \"because complaints had been received.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14817238", "title": "Indian IT-BPO sector does not fear competition from Philippines: Amit Dasgupta, Ambassador to Philippines", "text": "CHENNAI: Ambassador designate to Philippines Amit Dasgupta said on Tuesday the Indian IT-BPO sector does not fear competition from the South East Asian country as the Indian industry has huge possibilities.\"I do not think there is any fear. In fact, Indian IT industry per se needs to be seen differently,\" Dasgupta, who will take over as Ambassador to Philippines on July 22, said.Interacting with industrialists and industry representatives at the \"Business opportunities in Southern Australia and Philippines\" meet, organised by CII, he said, \"Indian IT (is not confined to BPO and call centre operations) is very much more.\"\"The Indian IT industry has huge possibilities (today). It has gone to e-governance and now there are many developments in the Cloud computing space. You can do business with the Indian IT industry as the way you look at it. You should make Indian IT more visible (in this regard)\", he said.Dasgupta observed that India can focus on tapping the pharma, bamboo and furniture industry and said a business delegation led by a Cabinet minister would visit Philippines in the next two months to strengthen trade relations.\"A Cabinet Minister and a delegation from India will visit Manila . I think they will be visiting in August or September\", he said but declined to reveal the name of the minister.CII Southern Region Sub-Committee Chairman J N Amrolia said exports to Philippines was $882.74 million in 2010-11 while imports were $429.39 million. There is potential to increase trade in drugs and pharma sector as competitive cost of the Indian healthcare industry gives it an edge, he said.On his association with Australia, as its Consul General of India in Sydney , he said despite alleged racial issue on Indian students in 2009, two way trade had gone up to $21 billion in 2011.He said South Australia has immense potential on new and renewable energies and added that a senior government official from that province would visit India later this year. Besides, a delegation from NewSouthWales would also visit India later this year, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14812390", "title": "Bike thieves sent to four days custody", "text": "MARGAO: Margao police arrested Vivek Shirodkar, 22, Sanjay Naik, 25, and Gurdath Kudnekar, 41, under Section 41 of the CrPC on Tuesday, suspecting them for stealing two motorcycles. They were remanded to four days police custody. Since one of the bikes was reported stolen at Caranzalem, Panaji , the police in the capital have been asked to obtain a transfer warrant and take custody of the accuseds.Margao PI Sudesh Naik said that the police had spotted the three accused speeding away upon seeing some cops who were on patrolling duty on Monday night. Margao police later sent the engine and chasis numbers to the dealer of Hero Honda Spendor bikes and the names of the owners were obtained. Later, cops procured more information on the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14814495", "title": "After MNS, Shiv Sena also challenges local body tax", "text": "NASHIK: Twelve days after the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) challenged the state's decision to levy local body tax (LBT) from July 1, in the Bombay High Court, the Shiv Sena too, filed a petition on the issue.Both petitions are scheduled for hearing on July 13. On June 28, MNS corporator Gulzar Kokani filed the petition challenging LBT following which the High Court on June 29, stayed the state's order to levy LBT.Speaking to TOI, Shiv Sena group leader Sudhakar Badgujar said,\"A joint hearing on the petition of both Shiv Sena and MNS is to be held on July 13 in the HC. The MNS filed a petition on the basis of very few points and it was just enough to get a stay from the high court. But, we want to make the case foolproof and win the case at any cost.\"Talking about the Sena's petition, Badgujar said, \"According to rules, any new tax system must be announced by Feb 20, before the commencement of the new financial year and the municipal commissioner must announce publicly the new tax rates and get it passed at a special general body meeting. But, the state has not done any such thing with regard to its decision on LBT. Secondly, the state government had cancelled octroi in some municipal councils in on May 1, 1999, and had started giving an administrative grant with a 10% rise every year, to compensate the losses caused due to the cancellation. Since then, the state government has been giving annual administrative grant to these municipal councils, with 10 per cent rise in the grant every year.But in Nashik, the state simply cancelled octroi and introduced LBT as an alternative,Actually, the state government must have taken the same decision for Nashik, which they had taken with the other municipal councils in the year 1999\" Badgujar added.Speaking on funds owed by the state, he added that, \"The NMC still has a grant of nearly Rs 56 crore pending with the state governmentand it has still not given its pending grant. We thereforehave no trust in the state that it would give the administrative grant for compensation of losses of octroi following introduction of LBT\".Badgujar further highlighted how LBT would adersely affec the civic body's financial health. \"Revenue collected through sales tax from Nashik district is around Rs 1,100 crore, including Rs 800 crore from Nashik city. Sales tax is collected in four slabs 5% , 12%, 20% and 25%. At this rate, revenue of only Rs 299 crore will be collected through LBTwithin the limits of the NMC. The way the NMC is collecting octroi, it is expected to collect Rs 700 crore in the current financial year. The sudden introduction of LBT will affect the financial position of the NMC.\"\"NMC contributes 30 per cent of fund under the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNURM). This amount is paid from the revenue collected through octroi. Hence, works under JNURM will also affect if the NMC failed to recover adequate revenue through LBT,\" Badgujar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14814965", "title": "Corporation moots a win-win idea to get land for roads", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The civic body has come up with a new concept to acquire land for road widening and improvement. As per the new plan it will allot additional built up area to those who are willing to surrender their land free of cost for the development of roads in the city.The civic body has included the Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) in the master plan being prepared by the regional town planning office for the inclusive growth of the corporation limit.Corporation executive engineer A M Jayan said the TDR is a certificate issued by the corporation to the owners in return for surrendering their land.\"The Kerala Municipal Building Rules, 1999, Chapter XI - the act on construction in plots part of which has been surrendered for road development -- clearly states the provision and benefits entitled to a land owner who surrenders his land for road development,\" he said.As per the TDR, if a person surrenders two cents of land from his 10-cent plot to the corporation free of cost, he can construct a building on the remaining eight cents using the TDR of 10 cents. In this case the person can construct a building of 16,000 square feet on the eight cent plot (one has the permission to construct a 16,000 square feet building only on a 10 cent plot). He can also construct building, using this right, on another property owned by him or can sell the TDR to another person.The TDR is reserved only to set up public amenities such as for infrastructure development. Describing the TDR which is being practiced in Goa, Mumbai and Gujarat, regional town planner G Sasikumar said that TDR is issued to only those who surrender their portion or whole property for the purpose of public utilities such as road.The TDR is an effective tool in places where people are not ready to handover land for road development. Officials of the corporation feel that the implementation of TDR will help to ensure inclusive growth in the region. The TDR is practiced in Gujarat, Goa, and Mumbai to ensure land for the road development works.With the implementation of the TDR, the existing problem of acquiring land is expected to be resolved forever.The corporation would be able to implement the TDR only after government approves the master plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813967", "title": "Govt\u2019s dilemma: Security of rare bird or of nation?", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's a case of national security versus one rare endangered bird and some absurdity. The Indian Coast Guard wants to set up a radar installation and a diesel power generation station on Narcondum - the eastern most island of the Andaman and Nicobar Island group. The island is the only home for the endangered Narcondum Hornbill of which only about 300 remain.The Coast Guard is adamant on the installation and conservationists are set on maintaining the island for the bird that exists nowhere but on the specific island. Now, politicians too have waded into the debate to say that both can live in harmony - the radar can be installed on Narcondum Island and the birds can be relocated and rehabilitated to another island in a 'friendly manner'.Caught in this debate, which is getting shrill as conservationists cite this as a test case, is the environment ministry which has to take a final call on whether to allow the defence installation at the cost of the bird or not.The discussions recently came up in the standing committee of the National Board of Wildlife, which has several non-government conservation experts with the environment minister as head and several other officials as members. The bird being an endangered animal is put on Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act which provides the highest level of legal protection to the bird and its habitat. The island is also a declared wildlife sanctuary - legally no other activity can be undertaken there.The non-government members objected whole-heartedly to the defence installation after one of the experts on board presented a report to the standing committee warning against the project which includes building a road and additional presence for manning the post. At the moment, there is only a police outpost on the island.The bird is definitely not a charismatic big mammal such as the tiger or elephant, which attracts the biggest bucks in conservation and tourism. But it has certainly become a new symbol for conservation groups which believe that this would be a test case for how much priority the government gives to its own green regulations.For environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan , who will have to override the objections of the experts if she wants to give a nod to the defence installation, it's a piquant position. Its become an argument of whether this can be made an exception in the name of national security - a line easy to sell as well.The conservationists warn that the Indian Coast Guard has shown little flexibility or studied alternatives. The so-called win-win voice of some politicians has only added to the cacophony with proposals such as relocating and rehabilitating the Narcondum Hornbill on another island - a fate tribals have faced often in the name of conservation.The final word on the debate is yet to be written on government files as the conservation campaign picks up steam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14812758", "title": "Lawyers to shun work for 2 days", "text": "PATNA: Lawyers in Bihar, in view of the call given by the Bar Council of India, have decided to abstain from their professional work on Wednesday and Thursday in protest against the proposed move of the Union government to bring in the Higher Education and Research Bill, 2011. They have termed the move as an attack on their legal rights.Thousands of lawyers across the state will stage demonstration on Wednesday against the Centre's move to bring in the said Bill which, they say, will jeopardize legal education in the country.Bihar State Bar Council chairman Baleshwar Sharma said, \"In protest against the proposed Bill and other central government policies, lawyers associated with around a dozen associations will burn an effigy of the Bill at Dak Bungalow roundabout. Lawyers practising in income-tax and commercial taxes matters and in industrial tribunal have also extended their support to the protest. Apart from this, lawyers from Patna District Bar Association and Collectorate Bar Association, Advocates Association and Lawyers Association of Patna high court have also come in support of the bar council.\"Sharma said, \"We strongly oppose the inclusion of legal education under the proposed National Commission for Higher Education and Research (NCHER) and urge the government to keep the legal profession and education out of the purview of the Higher Education and Research Bill, 2011.\" He claimed the Bill proposes to take away the duties and functions entrusted to the BCI and state Bar Councils and vest all these powers with a national commission comprising a few academics.\"We condemn the Bill as they directly infringe on the autonomy of the Council. It has been approved by the Union cabinet without consulting the members of the Bar. We will not tolerate it,\" Sharma said. He alleged that through the NCHER, the government wanted to establish a super regulator which would undermine the existing regulatory bodies like the National Council for Teachers Education (NCTE), the University Grants Commission (UGC) and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). It was a ploy of the Union HRD ministry to regulate legal education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14817057", "title": "Red Ribbon Express chugs into Mancheswar railway station", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Red Ribbon Express exhibition train, which is on a whirlwind tour of the country to spread HIV/AIDS awareness, attracted a huge crowd at Mancheswar railway station of the city on Tuesday.Attending a function organized to mark the arrival of the train at the state capital, health minister Prasanna Acharya said concerted efforts are needed by everybody to counter HIV/AIDS and other health challenges.The train, the third of its kind, is on its last leg in Odisha with Balsore to be its last stop in the state after the halt in the city. The train touched Koraput, Kantabanji, Balangir, Bargarh, Sambalpur, Angul, Cuttack and Ganjam during its Odisha sojourn.The train, which was flagged off in the second week of January from New Delhi as part of the third edition of HIV/AIDS awareness campaign, arrived in Odisha on June 20 during its nationwide journey of 23 states, covering 162 halt stations.The special train has six coaches. While three coaches are dedicated to an exhibition on HIV/AIDS, the fourth coach exhibits information on tuberculosis , malaria, reproductive and child health services, general health and hygiene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814608", "title": "Lifer awarded to 3 murder accused", "text": "NAGPUR: Additional sessions judge SG Mehare on Tuesday sentenced three accused - Rahul Shende, Shyamsunder and Dilip Naik - to life imprisonment for the murder of Ishwar Dahake, a resident of Sonarwahi village. The crime was committed over a land dispute between the convicts and victim on October 12, 2010.Deceased Ishwar Dahake's father Waman had entered into a deal with Prashant and Dilip Meshram involving an agricultural land at the Hudpa village. But, the former failed to provide the sale deed of the land to the Meshram family. Later, the same land was also sold to Dilip Naik, one of the accused. After that, disputed arose between the Dahakes and the Naiks on possession of the land.On the day of the incident, Ishwar, Waman and Sanjay Dahake, along with some labourers were bringing the harvested soyabean from the farm in Hudpa at late night when the accused came on motorcycles and accosted them. Shende assaulted Ishwar with a knife, and he died on the spot. Waman and Sanjay were also injured in the scuffle.The judge sentenced all the three accused to life imprisonment under Section 302 of Indian Penal Code. Girish Dubey was the government prosecutor, while Chandrashekhar Jaltare and Chetan Thakur represented the convicts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813188", "title": "Horse bites off boy\u2019s finger", "text": "CHENNAI: A five-year-old boy from Pulianthope has been left terrified after a horse he was feeding jamun bit off his thumb near his house on Sunday.Police said T Praveen, who was excited about the presence of a horse in the neighbourhood, went to feed the animal which was tied up behind a house on P V Koil Street.Accidentally the horse bit off his thumb on the right hand. When the boy shouted for help, a woman from the neighbourhood came to his rescue and took the child to his house.Another boy who was looking for the severed finger put a stick into the horse's nose forcing it to spew out the finger.\"I couldn't believe what had happened to my child when I saw him bleeding profusely. I initially thought he had been bitten by a dog, but it was hard to believe that a horse bit off his finger,\" said Kumari, mother of Praveen, a class 2 student.\"Around 4pm, he was pestering me to give 10 to buy jamuns but I was not aware that it was for the horse. Seeing him bleeding profusely I rushed him to Stanley hospital where the doctors asked us to bring the finger,\" she said.\"I don't blame the owner of the horse. My child was just in the wrong place at the wrong time,\" Kumari said.Kumari, who ekes out a living by doing catering job after being deserted by her husband Toji Thomas a couple of years ago, was broken.Dean of Stanley hospital Dr Geethalakshmi told TOI that \"plastic surgeons in the hospital are trying to stitch the blood vessels and replace the finger after a bone grafting procedure in two weeks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814631", "title": "Purti develops new solar water pump", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , who also heads the Purti group that owns several sugar factories in Vidarbha, said his company had developed a new agriculture pump that runs on solar power. For last few years he has also demonstrated use of solar fencing for protecting farms from attack of wild animals.On display at SCZCC premises on Tuesday, on the sidelines of the conference by AgroVision, was a pump gushing out water. Gadkari claimed that engineers of his group had developed it by integrating electronics in a power pack to convert AC power to DC from the solar panels that harness sunlight to produce electricity.\"It's my mission to rescue Vidarbha farmers. So, I conceived this idea of a cheap solar pump. As compared to Rs7 lakh cost of the pump brought from the government agency MEDA, we are offering it at Rs5 lakh on no-profit-no-loss basis. Besides, Purti group will offer a subsidy of Rs1 lakh to needy farmers. After availing of the government subsidy and Purti's discount, many farmers will be able to afford the pump at a net cost of Rs2.5 lakh.\"This will solve the problem of load-shedding and high energy cost,\" said Gadkari. He also exhorted farmers to produce ethanol from husk, stalks and other bio-waste. Soon, we will have motorcycles run on ethanol. An Indian auto company has started exporting these bikes to Brazil. I am in talks with this automaker to introduce them here,\" said Gadkari. Use of ethanol will save country by cutting the huge crude oil import bill, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14813911", "title": "Sale of swords, daggers legal? Court asks Centre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has asked the Union government whether swords, daggers and large knives can be sold legally in the open market.Acting on a PIL filed by Bharat Luhar, a resident of Ambaji town in north Gujarat, a division bench asked the Centre to show whether any notification is in force prohibiting manufacture and sale of swords and daggers. The court has sought explanation from the Centre on legality of this business particularly after different authorities in the state came up with different versions in this regard.Luhar had in 2008 filed a criminal complaint with the Danta police against display and sale of \"dangerous arms\" at the place of pilgrimage \u2014 Ambaji. He even named half a dozen odd traders and shop keepers who indulged in the sale of swords and daggers. However, cops claimed that there was no such business going on in the area.Luhar sought further probe and provided evidence showing that arms were sold at 10 different places in Ambaji. He even made representations before other authorities to stop illegal trade of arms. But nothing happened.Finally, Luhar filed a PIL in the HC through his counsel Nimish Kapadia, who contended that he sought under details about legality of this trade from authorities in different cities \u2014 Ahmedabad, Surat, Vadodara and so on, but none of them could provide satisfactory explanation.Advocate Kapadia submitted that the law makes it very clear that dangerous arms cannot be sold or kept, but this is totally ignored. Looking at the vague understanding of law amongst the authorities, it is necessary to direct them to restrict the arms trade in Ambaji, he said.After hearing the petitioner, the bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala has directed the Centre to file an affidavit by July 19 \"disclosing whether there exists a valid notification prohibiting sale of swords and daggers under provisions of Arms Act\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14817637", "title": "Kendriya Vidyalaya students to get tablets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kendriya Vidyalayas (KVs) are all set for a major transformation. From a pilot project involving creation of 500 e-classrooms across 50 schools to introduction of mobile multimedia teaching devices and provision of digital teacher's diary to all teachers, KVs will provide an ICT-enabled learning environment.KVs already boast of one of the highest student-computer ratio. The Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) plans to provide tablets to students Class IX onwards from 2013. Gaining in strength from 20 schools in 1962-63 to 1,087 in 2012, and catering to over 1.05 million students across India, the KVs have been one of the best performers in the CBSE Board exams. They will now be adding another feather to their cap.Avinash Dikshit, commissioner, KVS, told TOI: \"Although we have one computer for 22 students, the computers are present only in the laboratories. The idea is to use technology in classrooms to enhance the learning process. The e-classroom pilot project will start from August this year - one section from classes III to XII across 50 schools will be equipped with computers, projectors, interactive white boards and internet connectivity.\" The estimated cost of the 500 e-classrooms would be Rs 10 crore.What's more, even the course content would be unique. Using the 40,000-strong teaching staff, the KVS has created its own content and digitised it for all courses from Classes III to XII from 2012. \"Normally, we use readymade content found in NCERT textbooks. Since we have a large number of teachers, we used their creativity to develop our own content, which will make the subjects interesting, but it's within the NCERT-prescribed syllabi. With the use of ICT and multimedia tools, teachers can now demonstrate the functioning of a human heart in a more comprehensive manner rather than drawing diagrams on the blackboard,\" added Dikshit.While the pilot run of e-classrooms is being restricted bigger schools (with three sections in each class), 700 other schools are being identified where mobile multimedia devices will be used as projectors in classrooms. So far, 28,000 teachers have been equipped with ICT skills by Intel and Oracle. \"We are also giving 90% interest-free loans to teachers for purchasing laptops,\" said Dikshit.Teachers across 300 KVs are already being given a electronic comprehensive teaching learning tool (ECTLT) or a digital teacher's diary to help them plan what they will teach.\"It also has a evaluation component which maintains a complete record of the teachers as to how and what they have taught or how they have conducted the classes. Moreover, it records each student's performance which can be accessed by the parents as well,\" informed Dikshit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "14815238", "title": "School principal locked in by angry students, villagers", "text": "SIRSA: A school principal in Dhanur village of Haryana's Sirsa district was locked in by students and villagers of a secondary school on Monday, the day it opened after summer vacations. They blamed him for the students' poor performance in matriculation examinations, the results of which were declared on May 31.The group led by the village sarpanch reached the school and locked the main gate after which they raised slogans against the school principal, Mittersain Kumar, and other staff members. Only three of the total 35 students of the school had passed in the matric exam.Block education officer Mehal Singh and deputy district education officer Harbhajan Singh reached the school and tried to pacify agitators. They also assured a probe in the matter. However, as tension mounted with adamant villagers refusing to budge, police were called to rescue the principal.\"We haven't lodged an FIR as no formal complaint has been received,\" said Rania police station SHO, Hans Raj.\"Yes, I know the result this year is poor. However, the teacher's are not to be blamed only. Students too need to put in the effort,\" said Kumar.Village sarpanch Lal Chand alleged that the school principal was rude with the students and villagers. \"The principal asked the villagers to admit their children in private schools. The principal and the staff deserve this treatment,\" said Chand.Later in the day, Harbhajan Singh said, \"The principal and two teachers have been transferred from the school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814491", "title": "14 held for evading VAT, duping sales tax department", "text": "NAGPUR: The Crime branch on Tuesday arrested 14 persons in connection with the alleged involvement in violation of the provisions of Maharashtra Valued Added Tax (VAT) Act 2002 and duping the state sales tax department of several lakhs of rupees. They were later produced before a court which sent them to police custody till July 12. However, the police had sought a 10-day custody for them.Five more persons are to be arrested in the case.Sources in the police department said that the alleged mastermind, Govindsingh Banafar, already arrested and bailed out on an earlier occasion , procured coals from different regions and sold it to a Lakadganj-based private marketing company. He, most of the time, would create bogus documents to show the transactions but there would be no real deals.Police said that Banafar would claim set-off facilities from the sales tax department and would often skip the VAT payment. Apart from Banafar, other accomplices also did the same to avoid VAT payment and try to draw benefits of set-off facilities.Sales tax department had earlier asked the Crime branch to probe the fraudulent transactions of the coal traders. Offences of cheating and criminal conspiracy were registered at Lakadganj police station. Charges under relevant provisions of the Maharashtra VAT Act were also slapped against the traders.This followed by a long legal duel between the police department and accused who tried to quash the First Information Report (FIR) and procure anticipatory bails from different courts. In the meantime, Banafar was nabbed. Banafar's defense counsel Lubesh Meshram said that his client got bail after he highlighted a change of circumstances before the court.Recently, the high court had ordered the 14 accused to surrender before the police department before taking the advantage of bail. The accused were produced before the court of judicial magistrate first class DR Deshmukh who allowed police custody till July 12 later this week. The crime branch has sought a 10-day custody for searches and detailed investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14812267", "title": "Shetye ahead in race for vice-chancellor's post", "text": "PANAJI: Director of the Goa-based central government body, National Institute of Oceanography (NIO), Satish Shetye has emerged as the front-runner to take over as the next Goa University vice-chancellor. The term of Pune University's Dileep Deobagkar ended as Goa University vice-chancellor on June 20, 2012.The new vice-chancellor's appointment is expected soon as the constitution of the executive council of the university has to take place before August 1 every year and it is vital that a full-time VC is in place before that process takes place.The committee headed by scientist of Goan origin Anil Kakodkar has in his report listed three persons for the post of the Goa University vice-chancellor. Apart from Shetye, director of Shimla-based Indian Institute of Advanced Studies Peter Ronald de Souza and professor Jayaram of the Jawaharlal Nehru University of New Delhi have found mention in the committee's list.The Goa governor, who is the chancellor of the Goa University, will be the final authority to name the new vice-chancellor. But sources have indicated that Shetye, who is due to retire shortly as the director of NIO, has emerged as the front-runner for the post, and his name was doing the rounds much ahead of the shortlist.The search committee's final meeting is set to be held in Goa this week to brief the chancellor on the committee's findings to facilitate a final decision, official sources said.Shetye, who is serving an extended term at the NIO, is set to be relieved of his responsibilities at the national institute in October. According to the procedure, Goa University, the state government and the chancellor have to first name one nominee each to comprise the search committee to shortlist the candidates for the vice-chancellor's post. Anil Kakodkar was named by the Goa University to head the search committee.The committee consists of reputed researchers, who are in the know on the potential scholars in universities and prestigious educational institutes across the country that would be best suited and willing to assume the post of the vice-chancellor.The vice-chancellor holds office for a term of five years. The vice-chancellor's role and powers are defined by the Goa University Act, 1984.Professor A V Afonso of the department of social sciences is acting as the vice-chancellor of Goa's state and lone university at the moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813765", "title": "Only 2,000 students apply for copies of answer sheets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Only 2,284 students who appeared in the CBSE Class XII boards this year and 68 students who wrote the CBSE Class X board exams have applied to get photocopies of their evaluated answersheets. While sources at Central Board of Secondary Education say it's a good start, students and RTI activists feel otherwise. Lack of awareness has resulted in such low number of application, students and activists allege.Questions are also being raised as to whom the students should approach in case the answersheets evaluate wrongly as no such provisions have been mentioned in the notification issued by the Board.According to a Supreme Court order in August 9 last year, CBSE students were allowed access to copies of their answersheets under the Right to Information Act after filling an online application form and paying a fee. The students of 2011-12 board batch were the first to avail this opportunity. While June 30 was the last date for filling of Class X e-application form this year, July 4 was the deadline for Class XII students.\"Despite over 8 lakh students taking the CBSE Class XII boards this year, the number of applications is dismal. There is lack of awareness on basic information and schools should become more proactive in such cases. Perhaps with better publicity we will see more applications from next year,\" said advocate and RTI activist, Ashok Agarwal.\"I didn't even realize when the notification was issued and the last date got over. There is no way I can apply now,\" said a student who cleared his Class XII board this year and wanted to apply for his answersheet photocopy.As per the notification \"if a candidate finds any error in the totaling of marks/ grade(s), or finds any answer that has not been evaluated in the photocopy of the answer book, then he/ she should communicate in writing to the regional office concerned immediately\".It further states that CBSE does not have provision of revaluation of the answer book or supplementary answer book(s) and hence any request for the same will not be entertained by the Board.In fact, applicants are made to sign an undertaking provided in the confirmation page that he/she would not question the evaluation done by the examiner.Chairman of CBSE, Vineet Joshi said, \"Yes, the evaluation process cannot be questioned and it is unlikely that any such issue will come forth. But in case of any such real issue, the board will take a policy decision on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14815090", "title": "An unexpected guest lands at Babu stadium", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was a mix of panic and excitement for the people and the police officials in the state capital as a paratrooper was spotted over Hazratganj area. It was an unusual site in a civilian area.Before panic button was pressed, however, the paratrooper Naik Ranjit landed at KD Singh 'Babu' Stadium. This was the time when there was a large number of sportpersons practising at the stadium. They all surrounded the paratooper. So, did scores of onlookers.Amid chaos and confusion inside the stadium, the police also rushed to the spot and disperse the crowd. Naik Arjun later revealed that he was practising in the Cantonement area and supposed to land there but strong wind blew him away.Talking to TOI, circle officer Hazratganj Dinesh Yadav said, \"The paratrooper was identified as Naik Ranjit. He had to land in Cantonment area. However, he deviated due to strong wind to the city side.\"Since he couldn't land anywhere else, as most of the city area this side was densely populated, the paratrooper decided to land in the stadium, Yadav said. The police informed the Army officials, who sent a team to escort Naik Ranjit back.Later talking to TOI, district police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey said that the paratrooper was from the unit of Agra and had landed at KD Singh 'Babu' Stadium instead of landing in Cantonment area. He admitted that there was no information with the police or district administration about the movement of paratrooper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814489", "title": "Building plan violation continue in Dhantoli", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though residents of Dhantoli and Ramdaspeth filed six petitions in Nagpur bench of Mumbai high court seeking a ban on permission to open any new hospitals in the residential areas, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has turned a blind eye to the brazen violation of sanctioned plan by builders in these areas.Dhantoli zone chairperson Sumita Jadhav and jail ward corporator Dr Safalta Ambatkar noticed this during a visit to two construction sites in Dhantoli on Tuesday. They found that both buildings violated the sanctioned plans.Both the building owners obtained permissions to construct residential complexes, but later both violated the sanctioned plans. The violation was also confirmed by Dhantoli zone official Shyam Dharmadi who accompanied the corporators.Jadhav and Dr Ambatkar, who is also hospital committee chairperson, visited an ongoing construction site of G+3 building coming up at plot number 122 owned by Rajesh Sarda and Ramswarup Sarda. Sardas obtained permission to construct residential building on their 13,084 sq ft plot. The town planning department gave its nod to construct a chamber for a doctor to practise in the basement.But Sardas brazenly violated the sanctioned plan. They made additional construction on each floor and also occupied the marginal space on the sides. Though the construction of the building is on, the workers at the site told Jadhav a hospital would come up at the place.Suhas Madhugiri, who claimed to be representing Sardas, admitted that a polyclinic will come up at the spot and will have no facility to admit patients. He, however, clarified that they had submitted a revised plan which was pending with the town planning department. Madhugiri failed to explain when the revised plan is pending, how they are continuing with construction activities.At another site, Jadhav was surprised to find another violation. \"A plot owner Suresh Trivedi was given permission to construct G+3 residential complex in 313.27 sq meter plot in front of Avanti Hospital,\" said Dharmadi. Here the owner has reportedly opened a medical store by converting parking space on the ground floor.The Dhantoli zone officials maintained that they had served show-cause notices to both the builders in 2011 itself. However, they failed to clarify how the constructions are going on. Jadhav slammed the Dhantoli zone officers for lackadaisical attitude towards the private builders who violate sanctioned building plans and ignore master plans with impunity.Pointing to a nexus between builders and officials of town planning department, she said both the cases are tip of the iceberg. \"Due to apathy of NMC's town planning department the entire Dhantoli and Ramdaspeth areas have become sick due to illegal constructions,\" said Jadhav. \"We would raise the issue in the coming general body meeting,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14815161", "title": "Pandya riches: HC questions origin of will", "text": "The Madras high court has mounted an epic effort to unravel the mystery of Pandya riches, rumoured to be lying scattered all across India, besides London , Paris and Switzerland. In the process, a division bench of Justices P Jyothimani and M Duraiswamy has also sought to unearth the origin of a 'will' of a Pandya descendant in favour of a 'distant relative' who claims he has a letter of administration from the high court to manage the royal family's assets.The matter relates to the \"will\" of Pandya descendant Varagunarama Pandiya Chinna Thambiyar, the eldest son of last zamindar of Sivagiri, allegedly executed on May 19, 1992 in favour of a distant relative, N Jagannathan. Sivagiri zamin (estate) is a remnant of the vast Pandya empire. Varagunarama Pandiyan died six days later, on May 25, 1992.After probating the will in the high court, Jagannathan obtained a letter of administration for some properties in October 2003 and sent it to Switzerland , allegedly to retrieve 'huge assets' lying in the vaults of a Swiss bank. For this, he enlisted the services of Swiss national Giuseppe Leopoldo Cessina, who was a fund manager in Switzerland.After the legal heirs of the zamin raised objections and filed applications, a single judge cancelled the letter of administration, and Jagannathan filed an appeal against the revocation. While Jagannathan has furnished a list of 108 properties in the city at present, another legal heir, Padmini Rani, sought court's help to identify the zamin's private properties.On Tuesday, while cross-examining Jagannathan and his counsel Chockalingam, the bench raised several questions. The court wanted to know how a will in favour of a distant relative surfaced six days after Thambiyar's death; how the high court probated it; how the court issued a letter of administration; how it had to revoke it after a real heir raised an objection; are the zamin's riches lying unclaimed in Swiss bank vaults; does the government of India possess the 'secret code' to unlock the vaults? It also wanted to know why the letter of administration was not returned despite its revocation and orders directing its surrender. At the end of the day, there were more questions than answers.Chockalingam insisted that before 1947 the British regime deposited 'huge assets' in Swiss vaults under the trust account of the zamin, and that the government possessed a secret code. This was confided to his client by Varagunarama Pandiya himself, he said.Despite Justice Jyothimani's warning that the duo could face penal action besides the lawyer being debarred, Chockalingam said he was \"100% sure\" that Sivagiri wealth was in Swiss banks and that he had no knowledge as to how another claimant, Vidhya Patwarthan, managed to purchase properties worth Rs 2 crore on ECR. As arguments remained inconclusive, the bench then adjourned it to July 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812725", "title": "Kidnap case slapped against hookah centre owner", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Banjara Hills police booked a case against a hookah centre owner and his associates for kidnapping and torturing an 18-year-old youth for not clearing pending bills.The victim, Deepak, who completed Intermediate, is a resident of Borabanda. He has been a frequent visitor to Melting Pot hookah parlour on Road No 2, Banjara Hills. Due to his frequent visits to the hookah parlour, Deepak became close to the owner Khaleel and his friends and they did not pressurize him to pay the bill immediately. While checking accounts of the parlour in the first week of July, Khaleel realised that Deepak had to pay him Rs 20,000. As Khaleel began pressuring him to clear the due amount, Deepak started avoiding him.On July 8, Khaleel and his associates picked up Deepak while he was waiting for his friends at Punjagutta and took him to the parlour. \"They kept Deepak in confinement for 48 hours at the parlour and bashed him up,\" Banjara Hills inspector E Chandrasekhar Goud said.Finally, they let him go home on Tuesday morning with a warning to get the money quickly. In the evening, Deepak along with his parents approached the Banjara Hills police and lodged a complaint against Khaleel and others.Police booked a case under sections 363 (Kidnapping), 342 (Wrongful restraint) and 324 (Voluntarily causing hurt) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against Khaleel and seven others. A man-hunt has been launched to nab them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14816696", "title": "DUTA comes out with study report against DU's radical reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University's teachers body has brought a comprehensive study report against a series of radical reforms being introduced by the varsity, labeling them unilateral 'cut and paste' reforms that would more harm than good to the country's education system.The report of the Delhi University Teachers Association (DUTA) sub committee titled 'Major Academic Reforms: Promises verses Reality', has lashed out at the varsity administration for pushing through a overhaul \"without ensuring quality change for the system and the University community\".The report criticises a series of measures already introduced or being introduced by the university at different levels and says they were part of a larger trend of greater commercialisation of higher education.The university recently semesterised its undergraduate courses despite stiff opposition from the teachers association. It has also announced other measures including a four-year undergraduate programme, a B Tech in Humanities and a Meta University project with Jamia Milia Islamia and Jawaharlal Nehru universities.\"We note that till date there is a total absence of any detailed vision paper on the proposed major overhauling of the existing system of Under Graduate and Post Graduate teaching at DU and on the new academic programmes. No concept papers have been discussed in the Academic Council, nor have they been circulated in the Departments and Colleges, nor are they available on the DU website.\"\"This committee has, therefore, undertaken to piece together the information as per media reports in order to render a somewhat credible and coherent sense of the reality that the academic community will have to engage with,\" it said.The report also says that the measures fit together only when seen as working in tandem with six Education Bills pending before Rajya Sabha.\"The Bills are to promote and facilitate private players within and outside the country to set up institutions of Higher Education and to promote even the public institutions to generate revenue through public-private partnership,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14813366", "title": "Congress fires salvo at CM, but alliance still holds", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal Pradesh Congress Committee may not agree with chief minister Mamata Banerjee on her crime figures, but Congress will not leave her government in a hurry, at least not till Trinamool Congress continues to be a part of the UPA government at the Centre.\"We are in the government, we have no idea how long we will continue to be there. But, Trinamool has not left the UPA government either. May be it is because of the lure of the railway ministry. We are watching their movements,\" PCC president Pradip Bhattacharya said on Tuesday. PCC also released a report during the day criticizing the law and order situation in the state. To this, however, senior Trinamool Congress minister Subrata Mukherjee reacted sharply and stated that the law and order situation in Bengal \"is the best in the country.\"\"Some incidents, though, are taking place. But CPM and Congress men are behind the incidents to discredit us\".Addressing a news conference, Pradip Bhattacharya questioned the chief minister's claim that there were five deaths from political clashes in the state in the first six months of the current year and wondered how she could challenge the figures of Union home minister P Chidambaram, which were more authentic. \"Congress has lost nine workers in political clashes in the first six months,\" he said, releasing a list of names. Of the nine, five were killed by Trinamool workers and four by CPM, according to Bhattacharya's list.The PCC president quoted state crime records bureau figures, which he had obtained through the RTI, to argue that the law and order situation in Bengal had taken a nosedive. According to the report, in the first six months of the present government, there were 642 political clashes in the state, including 56 cases of campus violence. Of these, 926 political workers, including 128 students, were injured, while 27 people \"reportedly\" died.The crime bureau figures disproved TMC's claim that more workers belonging to their party were killed in political clashes compared to workers of other political parties, he said. While five Trinamool supporters were killed, the Left lost 10 workers. Two Congress workers were killed during this period.Subrata Mukherjee, meanwhile, said there seemed to be contradiction in figures given by Chidambaram and Bhattacharya. Also, according to Pradip Bhattacharya, atrocities on women were rising and the \"myth that Bengal is a safe place, for at least women, has been busted under the present home minister.\" The attitude of the CM to the victims was described as \"unsympathetic and casual.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814067", "title": "Little understanding of RTI Act affecting functioning in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: RTI activists from all over the state have come together to highlight the plight of the RTI users and the failure of the RTI infrastructure in Uttar Pradesh. The activists have launched a signature campaign to mop up public opinion on the half-hearted implementation of the Act in the state.The campaign which was launched on Monday has got more than 100 signatures of RTI users from the city. The users have also shared their experiences, and want the implementing authorities to act and remove the anomalies, most of which are because of the little understanding of the Act among the government officers. One of the users said that the public information officer, who had demanded extra fee (as per the Act) from the user to provide the information, did not know where the additional fee has to be deposited.The lesser understanding of the Act is a roadblock in timely disposal of RTI matters. Another user has raised a point about the appointment of the first appeals' authority in the government departments. Many of the departments have the same officer working as the Public Information officer (PIO) and the first appellate authority. The wrong appointments affect the functioning under the RTI Act.At the end of the campaign, the public opinion will be submitted to the governor, chief minister and the leader of the opposition. \"We have already submitted our charter of demands to the Raj Bhawan today,\" said activist Urvashi Sharma. The RTI Act came into effect on September 14, 2005. It was on March 22, 2006 that the UP State Information Commission (UPSIC) started functioning. The commission, since then, has got a huge pendency of RTI applications to clear.Apart from gathering public opinion on the state of RTI affairs in UP, activists have also drafted a nine-point charter of demands to be submitted to the Governor, CM and leader of the opposition. The demands include transparency in appointment of information commissioners, quick disposal of pending RTI cases, speedy and full recovery of fine imposed on government departments for not providing information, at least 50% representation of social workers in the state level committee constituted under the chief secretary for effective implementation of RTI Act and protection of RTI users and activists, especially those seeking sensitive information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812922", "title": "Cops yet to pin real motive for murders", "text": "MUMBAI: Parvez Tak, the main accused in the murders of Laila Khan and her family, has yet to reveal his actual motive. Crime branch sources said he initially claimed to have killed his wife Saleena after a fight over adultery and killed the rest as they witnessed her murder. Later he claimed to have killed them to take over their property.\"Our first priority was to recover the bodies (remains), now we will focus on the motive. So far investigations have suggested that the murders were due to a sudden provocation but it's too early to say anything,'' said an official.Tak told police that he first killed Saleena after a heated argument over her illicit relationships. Saleena, who divorced her first husband Nadir Patel, had married Asif Shaikh as well Tak. Tak, who was 12 to 15 years younger to Saleena, reportedly fell in love with her at a conference in Andheri sometime in 2007 and later married her. Tak said she kept on meeting other men which irked him. He added she humiliated him by making him do odd jobs like cooking and washing clothes. Tak claimed he killed Laila, as she witnessed Saleena's murder, and then killed her siblings Imran, Zara, Asmina and their maid. He said he was helped by one Shakir Hussain, whom he brought from Kashmir and employed as a watchman at the farmhouse. But police say more than two persons may be involved. Hussain is missing for the last six months. \"We are taking Tak's statements with a pinch of salt as he initially confessed to killing the family before the J&K; police but later retracted it,'' a policeman said.Police are also investigating the property angle as Tak, a forest contractor in Kashmir, was under heavy debt and Laila's family owned two flats in the city, one shop in Oshiwara and the Igatpuri bungalow. \"Tak may have planned to wipe out the family and take over their property,'' said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14814796", "title": "Plan to merge villages runs into political roadblocks", "text": "PUNE: The merger of the 25 villages with the Pune Municipal Corporation that would ensure seamless growth is stuck in political one-upmanship.For starters, the ruling Nationalist Congress Party wants to push through the merger, keeping in mind the political gains it can accrue from such a move especially in the polls.\"The city must look forward. Fringe villages around Pune are developing in a haphazard manner. Some villages are carrying out constructions using 5 and 7 floor space index (FSI). These villages are approving constructions without any plan. Considering the growing population, Pune's limits will expand and then it will be difficult for the Pune Municipal Corporation to manage infrastructure in these villages which should be merged in Pune city limits so that planned development is possible and restrictions could be placed as per development control rules,\" deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said. He has appealed to the opposition parties to cooperate and support the merger.The opposition has its own set of ideas and interests in the merger process. Two days after the law committee members of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) approved the merger of 25 villages with the city limits, agitated members of the BJP, Congress, Shiv Sena and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) on July 7 passed a resolution seeking a review of the decision.The four NCP members of the law committee approved the merger on July 5 when eight of the 13 members, mostly from the opposition parties, were absent for the committee meeting. The BJP, MNS, Sena and Congress members later alleged they were kept in the dark about the subject that was to come up for discussion.The BJP, Shiv Sena, MNS along with the NCP's ruling partner Congress have stalled the merger process as they are worried about the NCP's growing clout in Pune's politics. The latest addition to their worry-list is the proposed merger of 25 villages in PMC limits.Parties have flip-flopped over the merger as per the political demand of the time. In 1997, it was the BJP-Shiv Sena government in the state that merged 20 villages in the PMC limits. The Congress had supported the merger, but the NCP opposed the move going a step further to get the villages delinked.However, there has been a change in the NCP's stance since 1997. The party's base has been growing steadily in Pune city and rural areas. It now supports the move as it sees a merger as an opportunity to consolidate its hold in the civic body.The Congress, which shares power with the NCP in the corporation, has swung the other way. \"There is no hurry to approve the proposal for the merger. The law committee has asked the civic administration to prepare a comprehensive report and gather information from the state government on funding required for the merged villages. If the merger takes place, it would stretch the civic infrastructure. We have to consider many factors before giving a green signal to the merger,\" Congress corporator and chairman of the law committee Datta Bahirat said.Significantly, Congressmen have said they will oppose any \"haphazard\" move over the merger. The parties have asked the civic administration to provide details about how the infrastructure will be set up to provide facilities for these villages. How the PMC plans to provide water to these villages was another question. The members have also sought details from the civic administration on its plan for garbage disposal and solid waste management in these villages.The Congress has found support in the BJP that has supported the merger earlier, but now wants to wait and watch. Its city unit chief Vikas Mathkari said the BJP supports a merger for the integrated development. The MNS and Sena have joined the BJP in opposing \"haphazard\" merger. Mathkari alleged that the ruling Congress-NCP leaders are not concerned about integrated development but are indulging in political calculations.\"We are ready for discussions. Since the proposal for merger was tabled in the PMC, all political parties have supported the merger and today I see no reason to delay the process. The matter will also come up in the general body where elected representatives could ask questions about technical details. The civic law committee should approve the proposal without any delay,\" said leader of the house in PMC and NCP corporator Subhash Jagtap.The 20 villages proposed to merge were part of the original 38 merged with the PMC in 1997. However, the state had de-linked them in October 2001 following protests by the villagers over reservations on their farm lands in the draft development plan (DP).Subsequently, 15 villages were de-linked completely; five were partially separated wherein some parts of these villages remained with the civic body while the rest stayed with the gram panchayat. Though the civic body has 23 fringe villages under its limits, only 18 were included. The remaining five have been partially included.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14815121", "title": "Seizure of spirit: Driver held", "text": "KOCHI: The excise team on Tuesday arrested the driver of the truck from which they seized 1,782 litres of spirit at Edappally a month ago. The arrested was identified as Abhilash, 32, of Puthanveetil, Cheruthoni, Idukki. He was arrested by a team led by excise assistant commissioner M Joseph from a vehicle service at Perumbavoor where the accused had been working. According to the officials, it was Abhilash who had parked the truck near the bypass. As per his statement, he had brought the spirit from Coimbatore for Ajith Kumar of Paduthoni, Edappally.Excise officials said that they had launched a search for Ajith Kumar and his accomplices identified as Ramakrishnan and Biju in connection with the spirit seizure case.The spirit, stored in 54 cans, was seized from a Tamil Nadu registration truck.It was stored in a secret chamber near the driver's seat and was raided after the intelligence wing of the department received a tip-off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812637", "title": "Long power cuts leave citizens fuming", "text": "HYDERABAD: Unscheduled power outages are back to haunt citizens of Greater Hyderabad. Though Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL) officials claim that it has been resorting to three-hour load-shedding due to shortfall in supply, citizens complain they have been facing power cuts for several hours.The CPDCL has been imposing three-hour power cuts (two spells of one-and-half hour each) for the past two days and that too without any formal announcement. However, residents of several localities complain that the blackouts were lasting for over more than three hours.Apart from the three-hour regular outages, several areas have been experiencing unscheduled cuts in the name of load relief. Residents claim officials were imposing power cuts not only during daytime, but also during nights.\"CPDCL officials have suddenly started implementing three-hour power shutdowns without giving any schedule. We will be prepared for power cuts if the schedule is announced,\" A Chandrasekhar, an IT consultant and resident of Habsiguda, told TOI.Several residents complain power cuts were beginning as early as 6 am. Office goers and students are being put to inconvenience, affecting their daily chores in the morning due to the outages.\"There was no power in my area for more than an hour in the morning. We were not prepared as the power cut starts at 9 am. With this, we could not fill our water tank and got delayed to office,\" ASR Murthy, an IT employee and resident of Srinagar Colony, said. Other residents added that on top of this, there was another two-hour cut in the afternoon.CPDCL officials said they were resorting to load-shedding as there was a deficit of 200 megawatts (MW) in the CPDCL jurisdiction. While the allotted power was 4,025 MWs to CPDCL, the supply was only 3,825 MW on Tuesday, a shortfall of 200 MW.Also, there was no change in the power demand in the past two weeks. On Tuesday, the city's power demand was 1,526 MWs. CPDCL authorities fear the situation might continue or even become worse in the days to come.Power supply has become erratic in surrounding areas like L B Nagar, Nacharam, Malkajgiri, Alwal, Rajendranagar and parts of the Old City as shutdown is happening during nights in the name of load relief.\"Some times power supply goes off in the middle of the night or early mornings. CPDCL officials give us a standard reply and 'we will not know when the supply will be restored',\" rued T Aparna, a resident of L B Nagar.\"If there is a minor downpour, officials snap power supply and it may take several hours to restore it,\" another citizen said.The general complaint number for power problems (SCADA) 155333 has been receiving and registering complaints, but the staff manning it were not able to provide information pertaining to outages.\"When we call the complaint number, the staff ask us to contact operations division or fuse call offices of concerned area for knowing reasons for sudden power disruptions. They snap the line immediately after taking the complaint and do not provide any details like telephone number of the fuse call office,\" Ch Srinivas, a resident of Shivasainagar of Kushaiguda, said.When contacted, CPDCL director (Greater Hyderabad) K Venkatanarayana said only three-hour power cut was being implemented in the city. He said other disruptions could be due to 'maintenance problem' in the particular area.Powerless city# CPDCL imposing 3-hr power cuts for the past two days without any notice# Unannounced power cuts hit people's daily schedule hard. Cuts reported during nights too# Complaints go unattended as electricity staff pass the buck, say people in many areas# Power situation likely to get worse as CPDCL says it's unable to meet the demand", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram/kochi", "code": "14815240", "title": "Krishna to head Kochi Metro Rail Limited", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM/KOCHI: The final board meeting of the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) prior to its reconstitution reiterated the state government's desire to hand over the project to the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).Transport minister Aryadam Mohammed said the board will be reconstituted with five nominees from the Centre. Sudhir Krishna, secretary, ministry of urban affairs, would be the chairman of the new board as per the earlier decision by the Union cabinet.Krishna said Japan International Agency (JICA)has included Kochi Metro in their \"rolling plan''. \"This will make it easier to go ahead with the loan. We will speed up the process for availing the loan once the KMRL board is reconstituted. It might take some weeks though, if not months. I will be visiting Kochi very soon to get an update on the project execution,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14817355", "title": "Anti-child labour drive in Hyderabad's Ranga Reddy district", "text": "HYDERABAD: Social activists and the concerned government authorities announced the start of a month-long programme to rid Ranga Reddy (RR) district of child labour completely. Speaking at a child labour awareness meeting held here on Sunday, officials said they would kick-start the progamme at Vanasthalipuram and visit all the areas in RR district within next one month.The meeting, which was organized by AP Child Rights Association, Labour department, National Child Labour Protection Committee, Juvenile Justice Board (JJB) and Child Welfare Committee (CWC) aimed at raising awareness levels about child labour being a punishable offence among shop keepers and apartment owners etc.Speaking about the programme, Durga Prasad, second metropolitan magistrate, Rangareddy court and chairperson of JJB in RR district said, all those who had employed children in shops or in houses must admit them in schools and deposit Rs 40,000 penalty for the offence in the child's name within the next 15 days. \"I will personally visit Vanasthalipuram area with labour department officials and CWC representatives soon and serious action will be taken against those who still employ child workers,\" he said.He also directed shops and other establishments in the area to put up display boards with the message 'No child is working here. If found dial 1098'.Achyuta Rao, president of AP Child Rights Association said, \"By the end of this month, we wish to make the district a child labour-free,\" he said. The association is planning to organize similar meetings in other areas too. The next meeting would be held at Ibrahimpatnam, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812662", "title": "Better resources needed to implement RTE", "text": "HYDERABAD: Aamir Khan's Satyameva Jayate, India's performance at the Olympics, the implementation of the Right to Education Act and the effectiveness of the Lokpal Bill were just some of the many interesting topics that the participants of the elocution contest organised as part of TOI's Hyderabad for Kids campaign spoke about. More than 100 children from more than 30 schools participated in the first round of the contest which was held on Tuesday.Mahatma Gandhi, Nelson Mandela, Abraham Lincoln and many such great personalities featured in the list of leaders the kids quoted while expressing their views on a variety of topics relevant to today's society.Students' enthusiasm and energy levels were sky high with everyone clapping and cheering for their classmates all through the event. Pragnya Rangi, a class X student from Global India International School said, \"It was a really great experience to come here and participate in this event with so many other students from different schools. I made some new friends here too while waiting for my turn to speak. The topics given to us also were very interesting. I was a little nervous in the beginning, but I managed to keep calm and give my best.\"The list of topics included 'Should mobile phones be allowed in schools?', 'Can the Lokpal Bill eradicate corruption?', 'Is cricket killing other sports in our country?', 'Are reality shows increasing feelings of regionalism?' and 'Do we need to revamp the educational system in India?'. Participants put forth a range of interesting views on these topics like the need for promoting other sports in schools, the unifying factor of reality shows, the importance of practical and application based education and the responsibility of citizens in curbing corruption.In their speeches, students suggested employing better resources for the proper implementation of RTE and spoke about how simply passing the Lokpal Bill will not eradicate corruption completely. They also expressed their appreciation for shows like Satyameva Jayate which highlight the common man's problems and stressed on the importance of teaching moral values to children in school. Speaking on whether reality shows are increasing feelings of regionalism, Ujjwala Kishore, a class X student from Kalpa School said, \"I don't think such shows increase regionalism. In fact, they help people from various regions bond as the contestants who are from across the country have to share space with each other. These shows do a great job of promoting talent and unifying people.\" Popular quotes like Lincoln's 'Democracy is by the people, of the people and for the people' and Mahatma Gandhi's 'India will attain full freedom on the day women can walk freely at night' were generously used by the kids.Lalitha Murty, a teacher accompanying the participants from Kennedy High school said, \"The topics given to the children were very well chosen. They were interesting and relevant to the current situation, yet within the reach of these young kids. I am very happy that so many students are getting an opportunity to speak their minds on such a good platform.\"Of the total number of students who participated in the first round, 20 will be shortlisted to speak in the final round which will be held on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812398", "title": "Three Nigerians held for duping student", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three Nigerian nationals based in Bangalore were arrested for duping a city B Tech student to the tune of Rs 1.7 lakh in the name of Google Gmail Lottery.In May, B Nagesh, a B Tech III year student from Miryalaguda, lodged a complaint with the Crime Investigation Department (CID) stating that he was duped by some people in the name of Google Gmail Lottery.Nagesh said he received an email from info@google.co.uk stating that that he had won Google Gmail Lottery worth \u00a3500,000 in March 2012. In the email, Naresh was asked to send his details for claiming the prize money. He thought the mail was a genuine one and replied with his details.Between March and May 2012, he was made to deposit Rs 1.7 lakh into various bank accounts on different pretexts like processing charges and customs tax to claim the prize. Hoping to win a lot of money, Nagesh borrowed money from his friends and deposited it in the given accounts. As the culprits kept on asking for more money, he grew suspicious and lodged a complaint with the CID. Based on the complaint, CID sleuths booked a case under Sections 66-D of the Information Technology Act, 2000, and Sections 420 (Cheating), 468 (Forgery for the purpose of cheating), 471 (Using as genuine a forged document) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).The Cyber Crime sleuths then traced the IP address details of the email IDs used by the culprits and nabbed them from their house in Bangalore on Monday. The arrested persons were identified as Osarogiagbon Austine, 27, Ikeifun Moses, 25, and Maduforo Amaechi Frank, 25, from Nigeria. Police seized three laptops, 14 mobile phones and six data cards from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14817531", "title": "Special device in govt schools to keep vigil on truant teachers", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyaan (RMSA) will install a special device called the Integrated Voice Response System (IVRS) to check truancy amongst teachers in government schools. The device will be installed in about 2,067 government schools across the state.Education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma had earlier announced that special measures will be taken against teachers who do not come to class regularly. Thus, the RMSA took up the project of developing a special device to keep a record of the teachers.Jayant Narlikar, RMSA mission director said, \"There has always been a problem of poor attendance of teachers in government schools, so we came up with a special system of monitoring through IVRS.\"\"Calls will be made to the head master of around 30 schools everyday. A data sheet will be maintained, which will be uploaded in the RMSA website. Initially, we will start in the block level schools and gradually, we will move to schools in all the districts,\" he said.He said, \"We have been working on it for the last six months and the work is nearing completion. The device has been developed by NEESA Technology, Ahmedabad. We will also appoint a special officer to check the teachers' attendance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813065", "title": "50% Chennai elderly face abuse over property", "text": "CHENNAI: Lakshmi, a 65-year-old resident of north Chennai and mother of three sons, was shocked when her eldest son filed a case against her in court to claim property owned jointly by her and her late husband.\"Her husband was a central government employee,\" said R Muthukrishnan, a counsellor who works for Elders Helpline in the city. When Lakshmi's husband retired, he opted for his eldest son to be employed by the government agency instead of receiving pension. After his death, the son filed a case against his mother to take over the property. Now the property is tied up in litigation and she doesn't even have pension to support herself. She was also subjected to a lot of mental abuse by her son and daughter-in-law.Property disputes are the single largest cause of abuse of elders in Chennai today, show statistics with organizations dealing with the elderly. More than 50% of all the cases of elderly abuse, which in some cases is both physical and verbal, are by adult children who want to grab land or houses owned by their aged parents.\"The helpline receives at least 10-15 calls each month about abuse,\" said Muthukrishnan. \"At least 50% of them are related to property issues. We also receive letters and emails about such abuse. Much of the abuse is in the form of emotional harassment, but we do see cases of physical abuse too.\"Experts say the issue of settlement crops up mostly due to disintegration of families and migration. Few people in India write wills and the uncertainty that this creates a situation that engenders abuse of the aged.A 2012 survey by Help Age India based on a questionnaire with a sample size of 100 senior citizens in Chennai showed that close to 28% of elderly people in the city suffer abuse. Disrespect (44%) and neglect (30%) were reported to be the most common form of abuse. A larger survey taken up in 2011, however, also showed an alarming increase in physical abuse of the elderly. While only 8.4% of the elderly in Chennai reported physical abuse in 2010, nearly 39% reported physical abuse in 2011, a four-fold increase.However, Dr V S Natarajan, a geriatric specialist and chairman of Senior Citizens' Bureau, considers it unlikely that there has been a huge rise in physical abuse of the aged.\"In urban areas, most abuse takes the form of emotional and verbal abuse and various forms of neglect,\" he said. \"For instance, if the father is diabetic, the son will make his excuses and not buy the pills he needs. Physical abuse of the elderly is more common in rural areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814099", "title": "College principal\u2019s resignation sought", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University syndicate members from the Congress have demanded the resignation of Saurabh Choksi, principal of JG College of Commerce. Choksi is in the eye of a storm following allegations that he was made college principal even though he did not have a doctoral degree, a prerequisite for occupying the office.Former deputy CM Narhari Amin has accused acting vice-chancellor Mukul Shah of trying to shield Choksi. Another syndicate member Digvijaysinh Gohil has accused the university authorities of delaying the matter by seeking legal opinion in the case.Congress leaders have sought action against all 21 principals who are facing similar charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14817438", "title": "Work on to repair dyke", "text": "JORHAT: Over a thousand workers in flood-ravaged Majuli have been engaged to repair the main embankment in the Sonowal Kachari area, which was breached in floods.Officials said they have clear direction from higher authorities to complete construction of the 600-metre dyke within 10 days. \"We have 1000 workers here and we have set a target to complete the work within 10 days. We started the work on Friday and we have only five days left. So, we are working round-the-clock so that the breached part is repaired before another wave hits,\" said a worker. Majuli sub divisional officer Sonaram Khanikar said, \"Workers have been directed to complete the renovation work at the earliest.\" He added that it is a project taken up by the state water resource department at a cost of Rs 3 crore.On the other hand, Majuli Suraksha Samannya Mancha (MSSM) said the district administration, as well as the state government, has still failed to take up proper protection measures for Majuli. Although the departments concerned like the Brahmaputra Board and state water resource department have taken up several protection measures, people of Majuli are yet to witness any fruitful outcome.MSSM general secretary Jagat Hazarika said, \"The government sanctions crores of money for the protection of Majuli every year. But projects taken up with these funds become worthless because of the short-sightedness of the officials concerned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812216", "title": "Fire safety steps not followed, admits CM", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday admitted in the state legislative council that fire safety precaution was not followed within the Mantralaya precinct. But he ruled out sabotage and indicated that a few persons will be dismissed for dereliction of duty.\"The government has received preliminary reports from police and the forensic lab. Both reports mention that inflammable residues have not been detected. Going by the initial probe, it is clear that the fire was an accident and not a deliberate act,\" Chavan said in reply to a debate on the fire that engulfed Mantralay on June 21. He later made a similar statement in the assembly.But the opposition dismissed Chavan's statement and demanded a judicial probe to fix the responsibility for the fire that killed five persons. Leader of the opposition in the assembly and BJP leader, Eknath Khadse, said a retired judge should head the high-level probe. \"We have no faith in the crime branch as it falls under the home department,\" he said.Leader of the opposition in the legislative council, Vinod Tawde, and Shiv Sena leader Divakar Raote, too, demanded immediate action against officials for negligence of duty. Tawde who initiated debate in the council, alleged that the fire was an act of sabotage to destroy \"corruption\" files. \"The fire hydrants and extinguishers were not in working condition at the time of fire rescue,\" Tawde said.\"Three agencies are conducting probe into the fire. Once the final probe report is tabled, responsibility will be fixed on those who are answerable for the lapses,\" the chief minister said and denied that the server room was gutted in fire. \"The switch box of the UPS located on the fourth floor was from where the fire started. Of the over 14,000 files with the urban development department, nearly 7,000 files have been scanned. These files are related to Adarsh, Lavasa, Royal Palms and other controversial issues,\" he said.Terming June 21 as the black day in the history of Maharashtra, Chavan said the government will set up a code of conduct that will make it mandatory for all government buildings to conduct a fire audit and acquire latest fire-fighting technology.Many Opposition members demanded that a case of culpable homicide should be registered against Chavan, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal and chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia, as they are the \"owner, trustee, and custodian\" of the state administrative headquarters.Pravin Darekar (MNS) said the state government had lost its credibility because of the fire. \"It is strange that Mantralaya has not been brought under insurance cover,\" he said.'Copters fanned Mantralaya fire'Referring to a BMC report on the causes of fire, Shiv Sena leader Divakar Raote said the report states that the use of helicopters for search and rescue operations ended up fanning the fire after it was contained.Fire brigade 'not equipped'Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said Mumbai fire brigade 'lacked' equipment to tackle the Mantralaya fire. \"Mumbai fire brigade made all efforts to control the fire. However, the situation came under control when fire tenders of oil companies arrived on the scene.\"Mirani report not for Mantralaya buildingPWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal said that the Mirani committee recommendations were meant for malls and multiplexes and not for Mantralaya. The Mirani committee was formed to suggest measures for speedy evacuation during disaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812749", "title": "Corporal punishment still a harsh reality", "text": "MUMBAI: Corporal punishment continues to be a reality for Mumbai's schoolchildren despite repeated efforts to curb the practice.A recent survey of 150 teachers revealed that all of them had resorted to corporal punishment in the classroom. And, in an equally alarming finding, it came to light only 3% of students' parents had reported cases of corporal punishment to the authorities. Besides, 88% of the students surveyed said they were afraid to inform their parents about ill-treatment at school.\"The results were surprising as, over the years, hardly been any case of corporal punishment was reported here. When we checked with parents, we found out that barely 3% of them reported any form of corporal punishment,\" said Arundhati Chavan, president of the Parent-Teacher Association United Forum (PTAUF), which conducted the survey over a three-month period in 60 schools across Mumbai.As many as 400 children were interviewed during the survey, besides 150 parents and teachers each.The findings left school principals shocked. They told TOI that their schools were against any form of corporal punishment and had strict rules for teachers. \"We insist on calling the parents of students who misbehave and ensure that the child goes through proper counselling. We then make the student give in writing that he will not repeat the mistake,\" said Rehana Salamat, principal of Anjuman-I-Islam Allana English High School.In some schools, the focus is on classroom management to avoid unpleasant situations. \"Teachers need to manage their classrooms better because there are several ways (other than punishment) in which kids can be disciplined,\" said Rekha Shahani, principal of Kamla High School, Khar (W).According to the survey, 70% teachers admitted that they used rulers to hit students while 65% said they threw chalk at their pupils (see box). \"There are times when teachers who go through personal problems end up resorting to corporal punishment in the classroom. Schools need to focus on counselling not only for students, but also for teachers,\" said Seema Hingorrany, clinical psychologist, adding that greater involvement was also required on the part of parents.The survey revealed that 88% of the parents did not complain as they felt their children would be victimized. Interestingly, 76% of the parents said male teachers were more likely to resort to physical punishment than women. Besides, 85% of them said counselling was a better option than corporal punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813548", "title": "SC signals rethink on auction route for all natural resources", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday agreed that the government had reasons to doubt its verdict laying down auction as the only way of allocating natural resources, in what is seen as an indication of a significant judicial rethink.\"On cancellation of spectrum licences allotted without following a transparent system, there is no doubt about its correctness. But if one reads the judgment to mean that auction must be applied for allocation of all natural resources, then does it not create a doubt about the law laid down by the court?\" said a five-judge constitution bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices D K Jain, J S Khehar, Dipak Misra and Ranjan Gogoi.The observation was interpreted to suggest that the court could be willing to revisit the issue of how to allocate natural resources, something that has become significant because of a spate of allegations that regimes both at the Centre and in states, bent rules to favour business houses at the expense of the public exchequer.The February 2 verdict of the apex court had ordered cancellation of all 122 telecom licences awarded in January 2008 on the basis of tweaked first come-first served policy while observing that public trust doctrine warranted auction be the sole method for distribution of all natural resources.The government had filed a review of the 2G judgment but withdrew it prior to the President sending a reference seeking the court's opinion on the correctness of applying a uniform auction method for allocation of all natural resources. It cited several earlier judgments which had allowed the government leeway to decide the mode of allotment of natural resources including mining leases.Attorney general G E Vahanvati said public trust doctrine warranted unhindered enjoyment of natural resources by the public, like fresh air, water, sunlight and environment. \"Can we keep all natural resources for enjoyment of general public? Can coal blocks be opened up for unhindered use by public? There has to be classification of method for allocation of natural resources,\" he said.\"I am not suggesting auction is not a good way to distribute natural resources. In some cases, it definitely helps in ascertaining the market value. Can the vast natural resource in fishery be auctioned? Japanese trawling companies would pay the highest value for the fish but it would spell doom for the local fishermen,\" Vahanvati said.But former attorney general Soli Sorabjee , appearing for 2G scam petitioner NGO 'Centre for Public Interest Litigation', contested the AG's argument and said, \"The entire Presidential Reference was aimed at reviewing the 2G spectrum judgment. It is impermissible for the executive to determine whether a court judgment was correct or not. Today, they are using Presidential Reference to question 2G judgment. Tomorrow, it might be the Vodafone judgment.\"Vahanvati took it in a lighter vein and clarified that the government had no intention to send a Presidential Reference on the Vodafone judgment.The apex court said it may not answer all the questions posed by the President. \"But we want to know - if a doubt arises in large number of cases whether to apply auction route to environmental resources or to all natural resources, can the President not make a reference to the apex court for opinion?\"Sorabjee warned that if the Presidential Reference was entertained on this issue, it would subvert judicial discipline and rules where the judiciary alone referred legal doubts to a larger bench and not the executive seeking review of a judgment through reference.But the bench reminded Sorabjee that in 1998, the court had entertained a Presidential Reference on doubts arising from an earlier judgment relating to the appointment and transfer of judges of Supreme Court and high courts. Arguments on maintainability of the Presidential Reference will continue on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14814202", "title": "High Court summons UP chief secretary, says DGP", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Tuesday directed the UP chief secretary, DGP, and director secondary education to appear before it on July 26 alongwith the relevant records to show what action has been taken in the matter of defalcation of huge amount of GPF in the education department.The order was passed by Justice Sudhir Agrawal on a writ petition filed by Giridhari Lal of Kanpur. Passing the order, the court directed the director secondary education to make inquiry in which director had found that the allegation of defalcation of GPF amount was correct, but no action was taken.Later by means of order dated April 4, 2012, the court had directed CBI to make inquiry in order to fix criminal responsibility. However, the court said the role of the state government and its officials was extremely unsatisfactory and it appears that they are sheltering the officials by inaction on their part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814268", "title": "Govt takes solace in foodgrain stocks amid monsoon fears", "text": "NEW DELHI: The more than adequate foodgrain stored in central and state godowns has lessened the government's worries about a below par monsoon but that may not be enough to counter the impact of drought in pockets across the country.The meteorological department is keeping a watch over the possibility of El Nino weather phenomenon taking the whip out of the monsoon tail in August, or worse, turning strong early enough to dry up the clouds even before - the chances of which are low at the moment.For the government, which has also been fearing that grains overflowing out of the godowns would rot as the rains hit full strength, the worries are countered by the knowledge that the surplus could come in handy in case monsoon plays foul this year.The problem though, just as in previous years, maybe that policymakers often focus on the 'big picture' - whether the average countrywide monsoon is doing well or not -- and not on specific regional pockets which may suffer a dry patch even in the midst of overall good rains.Last year, patches of Karnataka and parts of northeast suffered drought-like conditions while the rest of the country received more than ample rains. For farmers, the total accumulated rainfall over a season holds only as much significance as getting the right amount of rain at the right time. A good level of moisture in the soil at the time of sowing for various crops is as important for a good Kharif crop as rains pouring in predictable fashion over the rest of the season.Agriculturists growing coarse grains - many of them marginal farmers -- have already lost to the dry sowing period running out though rice cultivators could recover over the next 10 days as rains recover.But a more than heavy downpour at later stages - that makes the average rainfall look normal on statistical boards -- is bound to worry the farmers as much as the dry and delayed opening of monsoon this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14813824", "title": "Upset over techie's US trip, wife ends life", "text": "BANGALORE: Allegedly upset over her techie-husband's upcoming assignment in the US, homemaker H Sowmya Vishwanath, 25, hanged herself at their house in Channasandra, near Whitefield, on Monday night.Sowmya, a native of Bijapur, married Vishwanath, a software engineer with Accenture, 18 months ago. Vishwanath told police she was upset that he had to go abroad in August. But her parents, Hanumantharaya and Susheela, said their daughter was a victim of dowry harassment.Police took Vishwanath into custody and are questioning him.Sowmya, who was a teacher earlier, quit her job after shifting to Channasandra. Kadugodi police said house owner Shivakumar reported the suicide. \"I saw her hanging from the ceiling fan when I was walking around,\" Shivakumar, who stays in an adjacent building, told police.Shivakumar and other neighbours forcibly opened the door and shifted Sowmya to Vydehi Hospital where doctors declared her brought dead.Police are searching the house for a suicide note.Shivakumar said the couple fought often. \"They moved in about 40 days ago and Sowmya was upset as Vishwanath was to fly to the US in August. She had clearly told him she would not join him,\" he said.Sowmya reportedly told her parents that she was searching for paying guest accommodation where she could stay when Vishwanath went overseas.Hanumantharaya and Susheela told police: \"Vishwanath harassed my daughter for dowry. We'll file a police complaint after performing her last rites.\"\"We have taken statements from both sides and will proceed with the investigation once Sowmya's parents lodge a complaint,\" Kadugodi police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14814723", "title": "The mud-slinging continues among KMK cadres", "text": "COIMBATORE: Kongunadu Munnetra Kazhagam (KMK) president Best S Ramasamy has told party general secretary E R Eswaran that he will be given a last chance to correct his ways. He warned that if Eswaran failed to do so, the party would take stringent action against him.\"I was boycotted by the general secretary for the last one year. I was calm and did not say anything. But when Eswaran tried to remove me from the party, I had to take action. My life and the party are one. I started the party and no one can remove me from it. I am not going to remove the general secretary because I want the party to be united,\" said Ramasamy.Eswaran conducted a meeting of district secretaries at Attur in Salem and announced stringent action against Ramasamy and vice treasurer G K Nagaraj for creating confusion among party members. On Monday, Nagaraj was removed from his post. Immediately, Ramasamy organized a press meet in the city on Tuesday and criticized Eswarn's actions.\"Twelve years ago, I registered the party name and I was the one who promoted Eswaran's name for the post of general secretary. Now, he appoints district secretaries without my knowledge and even tried to remove me from my post. I will talk to the district secretaries and explain the situation to them,\" said Ramasamy.Ramasamy accused Eswaran of warning the district secretaries against attending the meeting organized by him on July 2 at Tirupur. \"The district secretaries are not enemies. Eswaran does not have the rights to remove me. I am giving him another chance to correct his ways,\" he added.\"We plan to send a letter to all party district secretaries and I will be meeting with them within a week. We will take a final decision on the action to be taken against the general secretary who has violated the bylaws of the party,\" said Ramasamy.The party president said that the party won't split. But some of the leaders might be removed. \"I had started a trust for the development of the party and donated Rs 5 lakh while Sakthi Masala has also donated Rs 5 lakh. But money was withdrawn without informing me or the treasurer. No one can withdraw money without the signature of the treasurer or president. We are investigating the matter,\" said Ramasamy.\"This is an internal party matter. I do not want to speak with the media. Proper action will be taken against those who create confusion among party members in the general body meeting in September,\" Eswaran said when contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14812748", "title": "Oil and Natural Gas Corporation scholarship for Patna University geology topper", "text": "PATNA: Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) gave away scholarship to the topper of MSc Geology Part I examination of Patna University at a function held at PU geology department here on Tuesday. The topper, Santosh Kumar Singh, was handed over a cheque of Rs 60,000 as scholarship amount for one year.Speaking as chief guest on the occasion, PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh appreciated the new initiative of the ONGC of awarding scholarships to meritorious students under its industry-academia interface scheme and pleaded for more such incentives by the organization. He said the number of scholarships should be increased so that more students could be benefited. He also urged the ONGC officials present to conduct campus recruitment in PU.ONGC Academy executive director Pradip Sahariya said in his address even as India ranked third in the world in terms of energy consumption, the per capita consumption of oil and natural gas in the country was the lowest in the world.Giving away the scholarship, Sahariya recalled that the western experts had ruled out the possibility of oil find in India, but subsequent search by Indian geologists led to the discovery of huge sources of oil and gas in the country. Oil exploration work was currently going on in seven sedimentary basins of the country. In 2011-12, India produced 33.13 million tonnes of oil and 28.04 billion cubic metres of gas.In Bihar , the ONGC took up exploration work at three places - in Gandak basin and at Purnia and Madhubani - but the reserves were not found commercially viable. The ONGC, which has been extending its services in as many as 15 countries, has of late undertaken exploration of unconventional hydrocarbons like coal bed methane, gas hydrate and shale gas to meet the energy requirements of the country, Sahariya said.PU geology department head V S Dube welcomed the guests. ONGC Academy general manager V Bannerji, Geological Survey of India retired director P K Sinha, PU statistics department head Amarendra Mishra and PU proctor Kriteshwar Prasad were present on the occasion. PU geology teacher A K Gupta proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14816969", "title": "Security beefed up on highways to keep an eye on the movement of criminal tribes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Search operations and checks at deserted and semi-constructed colonies are the latest jobs being assigned to cops by the higher-ups during monsoon. The exercise is aimed to keep an eye on the movement of criminal tribes. State highways connecting Allahabad with seven other districts are under the scanner of police.According to intelligence inputs, the criminal tribes may strike in posh and well-populated areas as they did last year. The police officials are more cautious to check such activities during monsoon.Areas like Dhoomanganj, Naini, Karchana, Meja, Georgetown, Cantt, Jhunsi, Daraganj and Soraon are under police scanner.The criminal tribe gangs strike in a well-planned manner. In the past, their activities were confined to the rural pockets and outskirts of the city. According to intelligence outputs, they have shifted focus on urban areas as well, particularly posh localities because they get more jewellery and cash as booty in comparison to rural areas.SP (city) S K Yadav said that he has asked his subordinates to chalk out an strategy and remain vigilant so that the criminal tribes do not strengthen their base.The cops of Fatehpur, Kaushambi, Pratapgarh and Chitrakoot districts are also taking precautionary measures as these places are also prone to attacks by criminal tribes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14817942", "title": "Land gets costlier in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: New circle rates of various localities have been enforced from Tuesday and people would now have to pay more on stamp duty.According to new rate list, cost of land has been enhanced from 25 to 58 per cent and in general there is an increase of an average of 25 per cent in entire city.District magistrate M P Agarwal and ADM (finance) S P Singh had passed an order of enhancement in circle rates on Monday after disposing off 33 objections and suggestions.The district officials said that the rates last were increased in 2010.The new list shows that highest increase is in Swaroopnagar and Civil Lines areas. At Swaroopnagar, land rates have been increased from Rs 34,000 and 36,000 to Rs 44,000 and 46,000 per square metre. The advisory committee had recommended new rates as Rs 50,000 per square meter but the authorities reduced it after making a survey of neighbouring areas.Similarly, price of land in Civil lines and Mall road have been increased between Rs 4,000 and Rs 9,000 per square meter. Old rates were 30,000 and 36,000 but now land cost has been fixed as Rs 36,000 and 45,000 per square metre. Saketnagar, Kidwainagar, Govindnagar, Kakadeo, Sisamau and Shyamnagar localities have witnessed enhancement of 25 per cent. In the remaining part of city there is enhancement of 20 per cent.At Kidwainagar old rates were Rs 15,500, 19,500 and 24,000 per square meter. The new rates are as Rs 18,000, 21,600 and Rs 28,200 per metre.The rates of Katri land have been enhanced from Rs 15 lakh to 25 lakh per hectare. In Bithoor, the cost of land has been enhanced from Rs 60 lakh to 80 lakh per hectere.Suburb Ghatampur township had also witnessed increase in land duty. Land situated on national highways would now cost Rs 60 lakh per hectare while land on district roads and link roads would cost Rs 50 lakh and Rs 47 lakh per hectare. The land in the interior areas away from road would cost Rs 39 lakh per hectare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814416", "title": "Salman Khurshid speaking the truth: Sharad Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Salman Khurshid's comment about his party being \"directionless\" was latched on to by opposition leaders who appealed to Congress to not victimize the Union minister for speaking the \"truth''. JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav said the NDA now stood vindicated because it had been making the same point for the past several years.\"The manner in which Congress party operates, it won't be surprising if they now target him and force him to issue denials. This is how they work,'' Yadav said when asked about Khurshid's \"directionless\" remark.\"What the minister has said about the party is something which we have been saying for eight years now. For us, he has only stated the obvious,'' he added.Yadav, however, refrained from making any comment on Rahul Gandhi.Khurshid was quoted as saying by a newspaper that Congress needed \"ideological direction\" from Rahul and that the Gandhi scion had until now restricted himself to just playing \"cameo\" roles.Clarifying his remarks on Tuesday though, Khurshid said his \"urging of young and new leadership of our party to prepare themselves to lead from the front, to prepare themselves to take on the challenge of our times is something you must see in the right context rather than in the negative context\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814330", "title": "Ahmedabad receives 12 mm rainfall", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With just 12.5 mm of rains in the city in the past 24 hours, the city saw water pumps in operation in different part of the city. With today's rains the city has so far received 95 mm of rains.The city witnessed good rainfall between 10 am and 8 pm on Tuesday. However, light drizzles had begun in the city after 10 pm on Monday. During the night, the city received only 1 mm rainfall. Water pumps were pressed into service at Kaligram and Nirnaynagar underpasses.Four incidents of uprooting of trees were reported from Odhav, Paldi, Lal Darwaza and Danapith. In Paldi, the uprooted tree had blocked the traffic movement.AMC control room said that at Gujarat Estate, the godown of a refrigerator unit caught fire because of short circuit during the rains while in Piplaj, the wood kept at Shree Krishna factory also caught fire because of short-circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14816758", "title": "Police recover bomb in Nawadih", "text": "BOKARO: Police have recovered a 25 kg can bomb planted allegedly by Maoists beneath a culvert in a bid to target police party near Daliam, a Naxalite-prone village of Upperghat in Nawadih.Following the recovery of the bomb on Monday night, SP Kuldeep Dwivedi conducted a search of the Maoists in the area on Tuesday.The bomb could cause major damage if it had exploded. Dwivedi said, \"Acting on a tip-off, a police team conducted a search on Sarubeda-Upperghat route and recovered a can bomb planted under a culvert. The bomb contains wire and was in ready position. The bomb disposal squad safely removed the bomb and destroyed it later.\"Dwivedi said the recent arrest of the Naxalite leader Navin Manjhi and frequent raids conducted by police in Upperghat had weakened the strength of the Red outfit in the area.However, the rebels want to register their presence by triggering incidents and the recovery of can bomb is a failure in one of their efforts. \"The police force along with CRPF are conducting search in the area to nab the Maoists,\" said Dwivedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814261", "title": "Azam spares safai workers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minister for urban development Azam Khan has clarified that the directives given for removing the contractual employees in urban local bodies did not include the safai workers recruited on contractual basis. He said that in no way contractual safai workers would be removed under these directives and more safai workers would be recruited on contractual basis.CMD's visit: Chairman and managing director of Union Bank of India D Sarkar is arriving in Lucknow on a two-day visit on Wednesday. This is his maiden visit to Lucknow and Uttar Pradesh after taking over charge of Union bank. During his visit, Sarkar will address the bank officials and discuss strategies to be adopted for speeding up implementation of financial inclusion in the state. He will also inaugurate the Union Xperience branch at Aashiana and distribute loan to small scale industries, agriculture and retail borrowers at mega credit camp being organised by the bank at Balrampur Gardens.Prez poll meeting: A meeting regarding the president's election was held here on Tuesday in which chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha and Pradeep Kumar Dubey, principal secretary Vidhan Sabha/assistant electoral officer for President's election, held discussion about necessary security arrangements to be made in the Vidhan Bhawan premises where 403 elected Vidhan Sabha members would vote. The CEO also informed the personnel engaged in election process about the directives of the Election Commission of India in this regard. Polling will be held on July 19 at Tilak hall from 10 am to 5 pm.Photo exhibition: An exclusive photo exhibition titled 'Asafi Andaz' by Ajaish Kumar Jaiswal is being organised at Lalit Kala Akademi, Regional Centre. The exhibition, a photo essay on the Asafi Imambara, will be inaugurated by Manoj Kumar Singh, secretary and director general, tourism on Wednesday. Ravi Kapoor, an eminent photographer on Avadh architecture has curated the exhibition. The exhibition will remain open for the public till July 17 between 11 am and 7 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "14818000", "title": "Ancestors' articles most precious for Toors", "text": "DUGRI: Baljit Singh Toor's mother Harpal Kaur left him with a little treasure that has turned timeless for his family. The 50-year-old businessman has preserved these articles from the early 20th century and decorates his Dugri residence with some of these precious gifts.A \"sandook\" (cupboard) bought by Toor's maternal grandmother Dalip Kaur in 1931 for Rs 35 makes one curious upon entering his drawing room.Toor's wife Sukhbir Kaur, 46, has repainted the 83-year-old cupboard and decorated it with colourful glass pieces and other knick-knacks.\"We once asked a carpenter to make us an exactly similar \"sandook\" of sheesham wood ( Indian rosewood), but he refused saying he couldn't make anything close to this,\" says Toor, with an evident pride of owning such exclusive piece of historical furniture. This cupboard and several other articles had been passed on by his grandmother to mother Harpal, who then passed on family's heritage to Toor in 1990.Other articles from the same period include a cotton picker bought for Rs 7 from Lahore by Toor's maternal grandfather Nahar Singh and a manual flour mill bought in 1960 from Anandpur Sahib.Toor's younger son Khushdeep Singh, a student, says every visitor to their house becomes curious about these articles and starts enquiring about these. \"We have seen how our parents care about these things used by our family for decades and have a special respect for these,\" says Khushdeep.Toors also have \"mathani\" (handheld blender) bought in 1954 and a \"khanda\" (a Sikh emblem) bought from Pachvanja Chowk in Lahore in 1952.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814044", "title": "Chambers edgy over only auction route", "text": "NEW DELHI: The leading industry associations were prompt to back the government in the Supreme Court by expressing concern over only auction route for allocation of natural resources, but only two states filed response to the President's Reference.Both Uttar Pradesh and Mizoram supported the Centre. The Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) and Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci) agreed on low government discretion in allotment of natural resources but differed on broad principles.CII's affidavit of statement of facts and arguments said: \"Auction is the preferred method of allocation of natural resources, however, there are various methods/modes of allocation of natural resources.\"\"The Executive must have limited 'free play' to determine policy objectives or adopt a particular mode and manner of allocating/distributing natural resources depending on the end uses of specific dynamics of each natural resources, or to meet the contemporaneous demands from the same etc, while sub-serving public interest,\" the CII said, taking stand almost identical to that of the government.Ficci said that auction was a time-tested efficient means for allocating natural resources. However, it said in the absence of clear and definitive principles existing as regard the most effective method to be utilized with respect to each of the natural resources, the Supreme Court should lay down guidelines to ensure fair play.It said the SC guidelines must strive to ensure \"a successful system of checks and balances in the process of allocation of natural resources and that each method of allocation so employed achieves optimal utilization of the concerned natural resources, thereby promoting public interest.\"After proposing these two new things, it again agreed with the CII to say that \"whilst government should and ought to have discretion and play in the joints in evolving policy decision as regards the methods of allocating natural resources, the ultimate objective, however, be for the government to follow/comply with the spirit of guidelines laid down by the Supreme Court as benchmark to implement its policies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14814780", "title": "More than 40% of crop loss is due to viral infections", "text": "COIMBATORE: A major portion of vegetable crop losses are due to viral infections, said R Muniappan, programme director at the Integrated Pest Management (IPM) Collaborative Research at the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. He was speaking on the sidelines of the first day of the international symposium on the 'Research and Management of Insect-transmitted Virus Diseases in Vegetables in the Tropics and Subtropics at the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) on Tuesday.More than 40 percent of the total losses of crops are due to several viral infections, he said. Muniappan said that scientists have come from several countries to study the various aspects of the diseases and come out with suitable solutions. They will study individual crops. Some infections which may not affect humans may harm crop productivity.\"A yellow ring may be seen in some tomatoes sold in our markets. This is caused due to a virus called the peanut bud necrosis virus,\" he said. Though this virus does not affect humans, it affects the productivity of the crop in a big way. Scientists will be studying this as a long term project, hoping to find practical solutions, he said. Apart from this, they will also be studying the problem of 'yellow leaf curl virus' in tomatoes.Miriam Rich, also from the university said that they have been studying such viral attacks in several countries. Among their successful projects, they helped find a solution to a particular type of viral attack in brinjal in Bangladesh . She said that they came up with a grafting technique which helped them overcome the issue. This also helped improve the productivity of the crop, she added. Officials from Virginia University who support research projects of agencies across the world, say that supporting such projects is essential to improve the economic situation of the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814607", "title": "DGCA axed a week after extension nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a surprise move, the aviation ministry on Tuesday removed Bharat Bhushan as the director general of civil aviation, just a week after the Cabinet's appointments committee headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had cleared his tenure till December. Joint secretary in the ministry Prasant Sukul took additional charge as DG.Some of Bhushan's decisions, it is learned, may have earned the ire of the ministry, which expedited his exit despite the Cabinet panel order. Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh, however, called it a \"routine move\".The former director general had taken a tough stand on cash-strapped Kingfisher Airlines, which has been struggling to pay employees. According to sources, Bhushan was planning to recommend to the ministry this week that Kingfisher's operations be stopped on safety grounds unless it agreed to pay salaries within a timeframe.Last Friday, Bhushan had told TOI: \"We are very concerned about the state of finances (of Kingfisher). The management assured us that the financial condition would improve in weeks then months but that does not appear to be happening. Employees are not being paid for months. Our concerns are growing from safety perspective. We cannot be idle spectators and some decision may have to be taken very soon.\"Bhushan also resisted the airline lobby's move to import old aircraft that are more than 15 years old and did not allow an entrepreneur to start a schedule airline by wet-leasing aircraft.When contacted, aviation minister Ajit Singh said, \"This is a routine move. He (Bhushan) was holding additional charge as DG and that charge has been given to another person.\"Bhushan was additional secretary and financial adviser in the ministry when he became DG in December 2010; he will now be financial adviser to the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security.Sources, however, said the UPA coalition partner - Singh's Rashtriya Lok Dal has five MPs in the Lok Sabha - is miffed at the Cabinet panel on appointments extending Bhushan's tenure till December while the ministry had already sent a name to the government for the next DG which has not been cleared so far. \"What was the need for the Cabinet to do this while the name proposed by the ministry has not been cleared till now?\" said a source.The ministry's pick for the post was Arun Misra, a senior IAS officer who is currently India's representative to International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) in Canada. Misra's is file is still pending with the department of personnel. The ministry's plan, though is for officiating DG Sukul to take Misra's place in ICAO when the latter takes over the directo general.When contacted, Bhushan said: \"When I was asked to take over as DG, I did that. When I was asked to hand over charge to someone else, I complied. I have nothing to add.\" Incidentally, Bhushan was made Air India CMD around three years ago when UPA-I decided to replace Raghu Menon during general elections. Bhushan was replaced four days later as Air India CMD by another IAS officer, Arvind Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812148", "title": "Jundal case witness freed", "text": "MUMBAI: A 2006 Malegaon serial blast accused, Noor-ul-Huda, who was booked for keeping jihadi literature six years ago, was taken into magisterial custody and released on surety on Monday. Huda is a prosecution's witness against key 26/11 handler Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal and in the Aurangabad arms haul case.Advocate Farooque Memon, Huda's lawyer, said, \"He was first arrested in 2006 for allegedly keeping jihadi literature and then booked after a fake bomb was found. Later he was booked for the serial blasts. During that time on October 22, 2006 the court granted him bail in the jihadi literature case but he was already in jail in the blast cases. He was finally released in the blast cases in November last year. We approached the court asking to maintain the bail order of 2006. Interestingly, he was still in jail as per police records since some papers were misplaced.\" Formally, Huda was taken into magisterial custody for some time and released on surety in the six-year-old case. He was facing the charges under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA).After Abu Jundal escaped from Malegaon and dumped his Indica car there, five youths, including a doctor, were arrested from the textile town of Malegaon in the arms haul case. Huda's father, Shamsud Duha, had then told TOI, \"After the Aurangabad arms haul, the police picked him up and took him to Mumbai on May 11, 2006. They interrogated him and then let him go.'' He had added, \"Huda, as usual, was taken by the police for questioning. We are used to seeing him being picked up often,'' Duha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14813235", "title": "World Population Day: Mumbai's population growth slowest in almost a century", "text": "MUMBAI: It may be hard to believe but Mumbai recorded its slowest population growth in almost a century in the last decade. The population of the island city shrunk by 5.75% from 2001 to 2011, recording the sharpest drop in south Mumbai since 1901, according to a detailed analysis of the latest Census data. Although the suburbs added 8.01% more people in the same 10-year-period, their growth was the slowest since the 1920s.On the occasion of World Population Day today, demographers believe the news augurs well for the city even as they differ on the reasons for the changing population dynamics. While some attribute the decline in population growth to people choosing smaller families, others point to the saturation of the financial capital, plagued as it is with disappearing job opportunities and shrinkage of affordable homes. The Census is yet to release migration-related data which might offer more insights.\"This is historically the lowest population growth in the island city. In the suburbs too, the rapidly declining trend indicates that population growth there too would hit zero or touch negative in the next decade,\" says P Arokiasamy of the International Institute for Population Sciences, an autonomous institute under the Union ministry of health and family welfare.Demographers say Mumbai's people shifts are in keeping with global trends where population expectedly peaks at the nascent stages of development and subsequently falls. The city's population peaked till the fifties, with the suburbs seeing exponential growth between the 1950s and 1980s (see box).However, the growth decline can't undermine the challenges posed by the existing population. Five lakh more people were added in Mumbai in the past decade, taking its population to 1.24 crore, with an average of 20,038 persons packed into every square kilometre in the city and 20,925 persons in the extended suburbs.D P Singh of the centre for research methodology at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences says people moved from the city to the suburbs when the real estate prices shot up, a shift that was now heading further north to neighbouring townships such as Navi Mumbai and Thane. This perhaps explains why Thane's population in 2011 has swelled at a rate nearly four times that of Mumbai's suburbs. \"The city limits of Mumbai are saturated which explains the decade-on-decade decline of population. No new industry has come up in Mumbai recently and economic surveys have shown that employment is falling, both in terms of establishments as well as employers,\" he points out. The rehabilitation of slums to far-flung areas may explain some shifts.Most significantly, the declining population growth indicates the success of population stabilization in terms of declining total fertility rate (average number of children per women) as well as better healthcare facilities in terms of lower mortality, believes Arokiasamy. \"It means there is faster diffusion of family planning norms here than in the past,\" he observes.His views are corroborated by Dr Usha Krishna who formerly headed the Family Planning Association of India. \"In the educated middle and upper classes we clearly see a trend of people accepting contraceptives, women delaying the first pregnancy and opting for one child in many cases.\"Percentage decadal variation in populationDecade Island City Suburbs2001-2011-5.758.011991-2001 5.1427.991981-1991-3.3536.151971-19816.9970.971961-197110.77110.141951-196119.02107.411941-195166.2366.231931-194128.8728.871921-19311.261.261911-192120.1720.171901-191123.7923.79Mumbai's population (in lakhs)2001 2011Island city 33. 3831.45Suburbs86.4093.32(Source: Census of India, 2011)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814403", "title": "Complaint filed in HC against mushrooming of hospitals", "text": "NAGPUR: Fed up with a number of hospitals cropping up in already crowded Dhantoli which causing severe traffic congestion, Dhantoli Nagarik Mandal has moved the Nagpur bench of Mumbai high court against mushrooming of hospitals, restaurants and complexes in the area.A division bench comprising justices Pratap Hardas and MT Joshi on Friday issued notices to the Maharashtra government, NMC collector, town planning director, police commissioner and deputy commissioner of traffic, asking them to file a reply within two weeks.With Dhantoli turning into a popular commercial zone following opening of commercial complexes, hospitals, and hotels, the problems encountered by the residents have increased manifold. There are total 75 hospitals, clinics and pathology labs in the area, leading to severe traffic jams in the narrow lane.Adding to the mess is the illegal parking and construction in the area. With very few of the buildings and hospitals providing proper parking arrangements, visitors park their vehicles erratically in any available open space. Moreover, the area lacks proper drainage and solid waste disposal facilities also. The drainage is often choked, and hazardous wastes collect in the streets.The petitioners alleged that no action was taken even after lodging various complaints with authorities concerned in this regard.The petitioners, represented by senior counsel KH Deshpande, and lawyers Deul Pathak and Geeta Tiwari, demanded that immediate action be taken to curb illegal parking and construction, and hospitals be made to adopt proper waste disposal methods. Deshpande, himself a resident of Dhantoli, informed the court that there were around 80 hospitals in Dhantoli at present. Seven more hospital projects have been sanctioned and eight are in the pipeline, he said and appealed to the court to direct the city corporation not to sanction any more hospitals for Dhantoli.Dental Clinics: 13X-Ray Centres: 7Pathology Labs: 14Neurological Hospitals: 3Cardiac Hospitals: 1Surgeries: 2Gastroenterological Hospitals: 3Dispensaries: 23Other: 2", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14812792", "title": "West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee saves child about to fall off a bike, scolds dad", "text": "KOLKATA: The caring face of the firebrand chief minister came to the fore on Tuesday when Mamata Banerjee saved a sleeping child from falling off his father's motorcycle. The father got a gentle scolding from Mamata for being careless and for not having the kid wear a helmet.The incident took place as the CM's car was passing through EM Bypass en route to the airport on Tuesday afternoon.Mamata was scheduled to board a 1.15pm flight to Bagdogra for her North Bengal tour. She left her Harish Chatterjee Road home sometime after lunch. Soon her convoy was zooming towards EM Bypass. As the car neared Parama Island around 12.45pm, a man on a motorbike caught the CM's attention.Riding pillion was his little boy, who had almost fallen asleep. The child was in uniform, so it was clear that the father was taking him home from school. The father, busy negotiating the traffic, was oblivious to the fact that his child was barely clinging to him. The child would have fallen off with the slightest jerk on the Bypass, which is now riddled with potholes because of the flyover construction.The sight alarmed the chief minister and she kept telling those accompanying her in the car that the father should be alerted. But she decided to keep her cool and stop the bike only when they reached the next traffic signal.As soon as they did, the chief minister asked her driver to stop the car gently behind the bike so as not to startle the two-wheeler driver. She knew something fatal would happen if the man braked abruptly.The CM slowly nudged the father, and pointed at the sleepy child. He was struck speechless - it's not every day that someone is admonished by the CM for being a careless father.She then gave him a piece of her mind, albeit gently. He looked clearly nervous and nodded obediently when Mamata advised him to tie a belt around the child the next time he rides pillion. The boy, too, was stunned to see the CM. Again, it was the sensitive Mamata who made things comfortable for the duo by offering the boy the candies she always carries in her bag.Her flight was slightly delayed, not because of this incident, but due to bad weather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14816780", "title": "Belgian students come calling at Ranchi school", "text": "RANCHI: A group of 24 Belgian students along with three instructors visited St Xavier's School here on Tuesday as a part of international exchange programme.Vice-principal of the school Fr B Ekka said, \"Ten students from our school also went on a trip to Belgium under this programme a few weeks ago. The Belgian students are here to know about the culture and tradition here. They will stay in Ranchi for two days before going to Lohardaga and Gumla.\"The students of Belgium will visit the homes of children under the \"outreach\" programme of the school.Ekka said, \"Outreach programme is a project for those children who are unable to go to school and work as child labourers to support their families. Our representatives teach these kids at their village and frequently visit their homes to check their well-being.\"Instructor of the Belgian students Fr Brat said this was his fourth visit to Ranchi. \"But the students are visiting here for the first time and they are really enjoying and learning many things here.\"The Belgian students in a group of five visited various houses in Dibdih on the first day of the trip.Mariq, a Belgian student, said, \"I am learning many things about India and its culture in this trip. I appreciate the outreach programme conducted by the school to help the poor children who are unable to study.\"Another student Nicholas appreciated the local people's friendly attitude. \"They welcomed us and fed us good food that they prepared themselves. I am really enjoying this trip and I hope I get a chance to come here again.\"The Belgians were welcomed with songs and dance by the children under the outreach project and the foreigners also performed their traditional dance during the programme.Fr Ekka said, \"In their two-day stay in the city, the Belgian students will interact with the children and families under the outreach programme and also with the students of St Xavier's School.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14814033", "title": "22-year-old attempts suicide in women observation home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 22-year-old woman living for eight months at the women observation home ( Nari Sanrakshan Gruh) at Odhav attempted suicide by taking an overdose of sleeping pills on Monday.Hetal, a resident of Shahpur, was found unconscious at bathroom floor of the observation home. She was shifted to a private hospital. She had on two occasions fled her house to unite with her lover, said police.\"Hetal was living with her uncle at Shahpur after death of her parents two years back. At that time, she eloped with her neighbour Harshad Parmar,\" said an Odhav police official.Even after she was married off to a man from Bapunagar, she fled again with Parmar in 2011. City police found the two lovers hiding in Sarkhej and arrested Parmar whereas sent Hetal to the observation home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14817989", "title": "Four siblings thrash Jogeshwari man over monetary dispute", "text": "MUMBAI: Three out of four siblings, who brutally attacked a 25-year-old man at Jogeshwari East on Monday, were arrested by the Meghwadi police on assault charges.The victim, Anil Kasbe, had taken a loan from the prime accused, Vijay Sakat, and had failed to return it on time. The duo also had a tiff over cellphones. \"Around 8 pm, Vijay and his brothers, Govind (25), Gautam (23) and Ajay (20) accosted Kasbe near the Peer Baba durgah at Sitawadi. They repeatedly slashed him with a razor, which is used for shaving cattle hair. Kasbe was grievously injured in the attack. He was taken to the Cooper Hospital where he had to receive 42 stitches on his back and 12 stitches on his hand,\" a police official said.On being informed about the incident by local residents, the Meghwadi police rushed to the spot and managed to arrest three out of the four Sakat siblings. Vijay is on the run. Kasbe is recuperating at the Cooper Hospital.In his statement, Kasbe told the police that the accused had landed up at his house at Prem Nagar, thrashed him and his younger brother and verbally abused them. Two of the accused__ Ajay and Govind__ had also threatened Kasbe against approaching the police with a complaint. Kasbe has registered an FIR against the four Sakat siblings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812135", "title": "Another arrested in cash-for-bail case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths have arrested one more person in the cash-for-bail scam. On Tuesday, an ACB team nabbed Ravi Suryaprakash Babu, a realtor from Banjara Hills. Suryaprakash has close links with a recently suspended judge, whose name cropped up in the probe.In addition to Nacharam history-sheeter Yadagiri Rao, who mediated the deal between Gali's family and arrested CBI judge Pattabhirama Rao, Suryaprakash Babu also tried his hand at securing bail for the mining baron, sources said.However, while Yadagiri Rao succeeded in striking the deal by convincing Somasekhar Reddy about his close ties with the judge by getting his son Ravi Chandra to meet them at Masab Tank, Suryaprakash failed.\"Yadagiri used former judge Chalapathi Rao to convince Pattabhirama Rao, whereas Suryaprakash Babu used to approach the judge through another judge who was recently suspended by the high court,\" a source said. ACB sleuths nabbed Suryaprakash from his house in Banjara Hills and produced him before a magistrate. He was remanded in judicial custody.So far, ACB has named seven people as accused in the cash-for-bail scam and arrested four persons, including suspended CBI judge Pattabhirama Rao, his son Ravi Chandra, former judge Chalapathi Rao and history-sheeter Yadagiri Rao. Three more accused, including advocate Aditya, Karnataka MLAs Somasekhar Reddy and Suresh Babu are yet to be arrested.With the latest arrest, ACB sleuths seem to be seriously probing the role played by another suspended judgein the entire episode. The name of the judge, who was recently suspended by the high court, has appeared in the confession of both the arrested judges, who alleged that he offered Pattabhirama Rao Rs 10 crore for granting bail to Gali Janardhan Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14812422", "title": "Hubby, in-laws in soup over dowry", "text": "PONDA: A complaint by a woman that her in-laws were demanding dowry saw Ponda police arresting Balasaheb Nagesh Babshet, 45, a resident of Belgaum-Karnataka on Tuesday. He was later released on bail.Ponda police revealed that Shilpa Babshet, 42, of Ponda lodged a complaint stating that her husband Balasaheb, father-in-law Nagesh and mother-in-law Sunita, all natives of Belgaum, were harassing her for dowry. Shilpa was married to the accused recently.Police have booked the trio under Sections 498-A (harassment for dowry) of Indian Penal Code (IPC). Ponda police also arrested the husband, who was later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14812180", "title": "Kiran govt to launch 'Indiramma Baata' tomorrow", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and his ministers, MPs and MLAs are all set to launch a programme christened after Indira Gandhi, 'Indiramma Baata', on July 12 from East Godavari district. This comes as a counteroffensive to YSR Congress' propaganda that the pet schemes of the late CM were being diluted by the current Congress regime.As part of this programme, Kiran will stay in a district for three days along with the in-charge ministers. He will hold extensive interactive sessions with the people of the districts to get a feedback on the implementation of schemes such as the Re one kg rice, Indiramma housing, MGNREGA, Indira Jalaprabha, interest-free loans, Rajiv Yuva Kiranaalu, job jaathara, Arogyasri, 108, 104 and hospitals, irrigation, scholarships, mid-day meals, pensions free-power and mee-Seva. The CM is scheduled to visit EG on July 12 for the first part of the programme. He will be staying there for three days.The urgent decision to take up 'Indiramma Baata' was taken after a meeting at the CM's camp office on Tuesday in the presence of 12 ministers. The unanimous feeling among the Congress leaders that voters in the 18 assembly constituencies, where bypolls were held recently, were carried away by Jagan's propaganda that all welfare scheme launched by YSR were being scrapped prompted them to take the decision.This new programme is being considered as a preparation for the panchayat raj elections which the government wants to complete before Jagan is released. from jail. The CM has set a target of covering 100 assembly segments in the first 30 days. \"We have to inform the public about the welfare programmes and find out from them if there are any gaps in the implementation. If there are any complaints, directions will be given to the administration for rectification,\" the chief minister said in the ministers meeting.It was YSR who started the practice of naming political programmes after Indira Gandhi or Rajiv Gandhi in an effort to please Congress president Sonia Gandhi. Now, Kiran, whose political position is shaky, is also toeing the same line. This is the second scheme launched by him named after Indira Gandhi, the first being Indira Jalaprabha, which was inaugurated by AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad in 2011. Last year also, he launched an employment generation programme 'Rajiv Yuva Kiranalu' named after Rajiv Gandhi.The decision to launch Indiramma Baata was taken at a meeting at the CM's camp office on Tuesday in the presence of 12 ministers namely Botsa Satyannarayana, K Jana Reddy, A Ramnarayana Reddy, S Vijayarama Raju, K Lakshminarayana, J Geetha Reddy, Sabitha Indra Reddy, Suneetha Lakshma Reddy, M Maheedhara Reddy, B Sudershan Reddy, Vatti Vasant Kumar, P Satyannarayana, K Pathasarathy, D Nagender, S Sailajanath, M Mukhesh Goud, B Saraiah, Mohd Ahmadullah Syed, Kondru Murali and G Prasad Kumar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14812753", "title": "ONGC officials worship tuskers", "text": "PATNA: Do you know why Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) officials and employees worship elephants? Because it was an elephant which prompted the discovery of oil in India more than 150 years ago.Revealing this at a function held at Patna University (PU) geology department here on Tuesday, ONGC Academy executive director Pradip Sahariya said while railway tracks were being laid in Assam in 1860s, elephants used to carry wooden logs from the jungles of Makum in Assam. One day, a British official saw the feet of an elephant soaked in oil. He immediately guessed there must be some source of oil in this region. Detailed investigations by geologists led to the discovery of oil in India and the first oilfield was found at Digboi in Assam in 1867, said Sahariya.Sahariya also narrated an interesting anecdote on the nomenclature of Digboi. During the search of petroleum in Assam, a geologist often used to shout \"dig boy, dig\" wherever he found the prospect of oil in the region. This phrase led to the nomenclature of the place as \"Digboi\", the first oilfield of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814184", "title": "Government machinery needs to pull up its socks to stabilise population", "text": "LUCKNOW: Fear and myths pertaining to sterilisation alone cannot be blamed for UP's high headcount. The government machinery has to pull up its socks, if it has to achieve on the count of population stabilisation. Official data reveals that there exists a yawning gap between targets and achievement on the count.In some cases, the gap could be 99% or more. Consider the case of Budaun, which has the highest total fertility ratio (the number of children that would be born to a woman by the end of her reproductive life) of 5.5. A mid-term assessment conducted by UP health department between April and August 2011 showed that less than 0.8% of the target was achieved. Even in the best performing districts of Meerut and Noida, a huge gap existed.\"The gap suggests how seriously the government is working towards the cause,\" said the head of an NGO working in the area of population stabilisation. \"It is not that all men and women are oblivious to the significance of a small family size. A notable portion is interested in opting for measures, but does not know how to go about it,\" he stated.Data from DLHS-3 also shows what the activist said. It stated that 27.4% women in Lucknow want to adopt birth control measures (9% want it for spacing between two children and 18.4% want to limit the family), but are unable to do so due to different reasons -- husbands/elders don't agree, ignorance about how, when and where to go and affordability among other things. Significantly, 36.6% rural women also said that they are willing to go for birth control, but don't know how to access them.\"It is very important to meet this 'unmet need' of the people willing to go for family planning,\" said a health officer, preferring anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14813034", "title": "Monsoon spells relief for power discoms", "text": "JAIPUR: The drop in mercury and the much-awaited monsoon showers have brought down the power demand in the state, much to the relief of power discoms.However, the state is still overdrawing from the Northern Grid to meet the daily requirement. The officials blame it on low power production in the state.The power production in the state is pegged at around 1200 lakh units with over seven power generating units across the state being non-functional. Some have been shut down for annual maintenance or for experiencing technical faults. A unit each in Dholpur, Suratgarh and Chabbra, while three in Kota, are not functioning.The state is currently overdrawing more than 460 MW power from the Northern Grid, at a rate of Rs 2.63 per unit. Officials said with the dip in demand, \"lesser power is being drawn from the Northern Grid, the frequency of which is high and that enables us to overdraw power at a much lesser rate\".Till last week, owing to the high demand in the region, power was being purchased at the rate of Rs 15 or more, which has now come down drastically. The state's power load too has come down to a little above 5000 MW against over 7000 MW recorded previous week.Prior to the monsoon's arrival, during the severe heat conditions, the demand for power had crossed 1,500 lakh units. On July 6, the demand soared to a record high of 1538 lakh units, which has now come down to nearly 1472 lakh units.According to the officials with the drop in demand, they are deliberately closeing down certain units for annual maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14813994", "title": "Illness drives more people to commit suicide", "text": "BANGALORE: When 21-year-old Savitha's stomach pain became unbearable, the Hubli homemaker decided to end her life and she hanged herself on May 27 this year.She's one of thousands of Indians who commit suicide due to prolonged mental or physical illness. Last year, 26,570 Indians committed suicide for this reason -- 19.6% of the total number of suicides.As per the National Crime Records Bureau's report for 2012, 1,35,585 Indians committed suicide in 2011. India lost over 11,100 people between 15 and 59 due to illness-related suicides and 3,146 of these were in Karnataka.\"Suicide is one way to get out of a situation that has no answer. But this is not the right way,\" said Dr BN Gangadhar, professor of psychiatry, Nimhans. He explained: \"A person suffering from an illness like AIDS or Sexually Transmitted Disease feels ashamed, guilty, hostile and depressed. The anger turns inwards and results in a suicide. If more suicides are as a result of incurable diseases, it indicates that the incidence of such diseases is increasing.\"There are structured training modules to help physicians get the required skills for these communications -- telling the patient about an 'incurable' disease. Rarely do undergraduate students in medical schools exposed to this skill. Unfortunately, this communication is either not effective if the physician is insensitive or the communication is done by laypersons, said Dr Gangadhar.Dr Sham Bhat, consultant psychiatrist, Manipal Hospital, said: \"Risk of depression is 40% more in patients of chronic or terminal diseases. Physician and family members play an important role during this crucial time. While a physician can counsel the patient by giving positive feedback on treatment available, family members should provide emotional support. If they find symptoms of depression increasing, they must seek professional help from a psychiatrist.\"Faced with life-limiting illness, loss of hope, uncertain future, loss of identity, displacement from normal routine, separation from friends, and family, feeling of isolation, uncontrolled pain and physical symptoms, fear of death and drain of financial resources can certainly lead to depression, which is the root cause of suicide, said Dr Naveen Salins, consultant, integrative oncology, HCG Cancer Hospital.\"It's important for a family member to give hope to the patient. Even the doctor treating her should keep encouraging the patient and say that diseases like cancer and paralysis can be cured. Even AIDS and STDs, if not curable, can certainly be managed and controlled,\" added Dr Salins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817248", "title": "Malvika goes to Sandalwood now", "text": "Malayali actress Malavika is all set to woo the audience of Kannada movies now. After having done many films in Tamil and Telugu she is determined to create the same magic in Sandalwood too.Her first film was 'Malarvadi Arts Club'. Now she is acting in a Kannada movie which is the remake of Malayalam film 'Thilakkam'.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pileru", "code": "14812438", "title": "Woman shot at for resisting rape attempt in Chittoor", "text": "PILERU: A 23-year-old woman who was sleeping with her son at home was shot at by an intruder when she resisted his rape attempt. The incident took place in Balijapalli village in Chittoor on Monday when Rajendra Naidu, 23, and his cronies broke into her home and fired at the woman with his country-made pistol when she resisted him as he tried to force himself upon her. The injured woman was later taken to Tirupati on Tuesday and she is now out of danger.The accused along with his associates Amarendra Naidu and Sudhakar is on the run.The 23-year-old victim, wife of one Purushottam, was sleeping along with her son in their house when Rajendra and his associates tried to attack her. Rajendra tried to force himself on her. When the woman raised an alarm, Rajendra shot at her with his country-made pistol and fled the spot. She was taken to Pileru hospital and later shifted to Tirupati for better medical treatment.\"Since it was a country-made pistol, she suffered small wounds on her right shoulder and cheek. She is out of danger as a few pellets from the pistol hit her,\" Pileru SI Vishwanath told TOI. Police filed cases under section 448 and 307 of IPC on the accused and launched a manhunt to nab the trio.According to police, the woman was being constantly harassed by Rajendra Naidu seeking sexual favours. Rajendra's wife is in Kuwait working as a labourer. \"As the village is located close to the forest, villagers keep country-made pistols to hunt animals. Rajendra also possessed one such weapon,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14813043", "title": "Calcutta University key role in e-weapon project", "text": "KOLKATA: Avid Tintin fans were first introduced to Herge's version of an e-weapon in The Calculus Affair where the eccentric professor develops sonic waves strong enough to destroy glass and bone china from a distance. Nearly half a century later, James Bond enthusiasts got to see a mirror satellite, Icarus in action in 'Die Another Day' which had the capability to focus the Sun's rays to a small area on earth and destroy any kind of structure either on its surface or in the air.Today, e-weapons are no longer a figment of the imagination. While the US has already made significant progress in utilising lasers and microwaves as weapons, India is not too far behind.The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) with assistance from the Centre of Millimeter-wave Semiconductor Devices and Systems (CMSDS) in Kolkata and other research centres has come a long way in developing India's first e-weapon, which may be a High Power Microwave (HPM) beam to bring down enemy aircraft and missiles, destroy bunkers and turn the adversary's sophisticated computers to junk.The CMSDS, a joint venture between DRDO and the University of Calcutta, is playing a key role in the project. \"We are developing high-powered lasers and microwaves. The microwave centre in Kolkata is playing a very important role,\" Dr W Selvamurthy, chief controller (R&D;), DRDO, told TOI. DRDO chief and scientific adviser to the defence minister V K Saraswat also said that the centre in Kolkata is a very important partner in the DRDO's plans.According to scientists, the millimeter-waves, on which the centre in Kolkata is working on, are what differentiate the HPM from what is generated by a simple microwave oven in the kitchen. The waves required for a weapon have extremely high frequency and low wavelengths while the microwave ovens generate low frequency and high wavelengths. It is the short millimeter waves that make this weapon less lethal for humans while achieving its purpose on equipment. These waves are also extremely crucial for detection of satellites in space and other military hardware behind bunkers.\"We are satisfied with the work going on at CMSDS. There is tremendous potential for the research that is being carried out,\" said Suranjan Das, vice chancellor, Calcutta University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817962", "title": "iPhones, iPads, Androids at forefront of gaming revolution", "text": "Anywhere, anytime, high quality gaming, which fits in a pocket, is here to stay. With an increase in growth and upgradation of new technology everyday, mobile gaming is the new gold rush. And at the forefront of the gaming revolution are gadgets like iPhones, iPads and Android cellphones. Temple Run Brave, Where's My Perry, Angry Birds Space, Cut the Rope and Fifa12 are some top games in demand among Ludhianavis.And playing these games is not limited to a specific age group. Right from kids to youth and even aged, iPhones and iPads have everybody glued. Sardar Harjinder Singh, 55, a resident of Dugri and businessmen, said, \"I love to play Temple Run Brave on my Sony Experia Arc cellphone. The game is very engrossing, easy to understand and helps me unwind when I come back from work.\"With the phenomenal growth of the mobile industry, the demand for these games have also increased manifold.A resident of BRS Nagar, Jhalak Puri, 8, is perpetually glued to her iPad 2 which her father gifted her on her birthday. \"I love playing games like Solitaire, Temple Run Brave. Dress-up Girl and Make Me A Princess are two of my favourite games. I like them because I love to dress my doll in different attires.\"Abeer, 4, a resident of BRS Nagar, enjoys playing games on his mother's iPhone 4S. He said, \"I love to play games likes Ben 10, Tick Tac Toes and Angry Birds Space. Every time I play, I get better at it and find new ways to win.\"iPad2 has a feature of revolutionary multi-task interface which only supports single touch. Lohash Lakra, a businessman and resident Kitchlu Nagar said, \"I use iPad2 since its helpful in working and relaxing. An amazing feature in iPad is motion detection, which reacts according to movement and helps to make gaming an ultimate fun in the virtual world. I love playing Need for Speed HD, Most Wanted and Contract Killer.\"Gurshinder Kaur, 27 a resident of RK Road, said, \"My Android HTC cellphone is my best friend. I never leave home without it and it helps me stay busy. Games like 100 Floors, Cut the Rope, Bubble Shoot and Angry Birds Space, are my favourite. Some of these games are very tricky and are a great way to exercise ones grey cells.\" Mayank, 7, a resident of BRS Nagar, has picked up a fancy for the latest game, \"The Amazing Spiderman\" and \"Fruit Ninza\" on his tablet. \"I love these games because these allow me to explore and enjoy at the same time.\"I use iPad2 and am amazed with its features like motion detection, which reacts to movement and makes gaming an ultimate fun Lohash Lakra | Kitchlu NagarMy HTC Android phone is my best friend. I never leave home without it and it helps me stay busy. 100 Floors, Bubble Shoot and Angry Birds are my favourite games Gurshinder Kaur | R K road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14814736", "title": "Abused teen maid jumps off building", "text": "BANGALORE: A 15-year-old domestic help is battling for life after she attempted suicide on Sunday by jumping off the terrace of a three-storey building in Kumara Park, near Seshadripuram.Lakshmi (name changed) couldn't bear continuous physical abuse and harassment by her employers. She was a stay-at-home maid for over two years with the family of garment entrepreneur Rajesh Jain, his wife Kanchana and their children Jithin and Khushboo.On Sunday, Khushboo and Jithin, both in their 20s, allegedly assaulted Lakshmi for eating lemon rice prepared for the family. Deciding she couldn't take further humiliation, Lakshmi went to the terrace on the pretext of drying clothes. She climbed the grillwork parapet and leapt off the building. She is in Fortis Hospital.The 15-year-old domestic hlep (in pic) who leapt off a threestorey building in Seshadripuram is in critical condition now. Lakshmi (name changed) landed on her knee in the frontyard. A neighbour, Menaka, spotted her in a pool of blood and rushed her to Fortis Hospital, Seshadripuram. Lakshmi suffered multiple fractures in her right leg. The other leg, too, has fractures.The girl showed signs of improvement the next day, but her condition deteriorated on Tuesday. A blood clot in her leg has spread to her head, rendering her unconscious. She's on ventilator.Lakshmi couldn't bear continuous abuse and harassment by her employers \u2014garment entrepreneur Rajesh Jain, his wife Kanchana and their kids Jithin and Khushboo.In a statement to the state juvenile protection unit on Sunday, Lakshmi said her employers assaulted her regularly. \"She was not allowed to eat the food cooked for the employers. Chapatis were given to her thrice a day. She was thrashed regularly. The girl said she was slapped with sandals and her head banged against the wall on several occasions,\" said Susan Jacob, social worker with state juvenile protection unit of the city police.Jithin,who assists his father in his business, has been arrested. Rajesh Jain's relative Ravi told police there were problems with Lakshmi, who stole money from her employers regularly. He denied the family ill-treated the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813367", "title": "CPM expels SFI dissenters", "text": "NEW DELHI: The central leadership of Students' Federation of India (SFI) has dissolved the JNU unit of the organization for their refusal to acquiesce to CPM leadership's decision to support Congress nominee Pranab Mukheerjee in the July 19 presidential polls.Four members of the Delhi state committee of SFI - CPM's student outfit -- belonging to JNU who refused to heed the central leadership's directive to fall in line have also been expelled as part of the punishment.Those expelled from the SFI include Roshan Kishore (president, Delhi SFI), P K Anand and Zico Dasgupta (both vice-presidents ) and V Lenin Kumar (member of state committee).The punishment was decided at a meeting of the Delhi state unit called here on Tuesday to discuss the strong dissent lodged by JNU unit against the CPM's decision to support Mukherjee for president. The meeting was attended by P K Biju, all-India president of SFI, Ritabrata Banerjee, all-India general secretary of the organization, and V Sivadasan, all-India joint secretary.Roshan Kishore regretted the development. \"The four Delhi state committee members from JNU explained the rationale behind the political position adopted by the SFI-JNU unit. Unfortunately, there was no effort on the part of the all-India leadership to provide any political explanations or arguments. Instead, a tirade was launched against us. The state committee members from Delhi University and Jamia Millia Islamia, who tried to intervene and argue for a political resolution of the matter, were coerced into submission,\" Roshan said.The national leadership claimed the decision was \"democratic\". The decision was taken as the leaders chose to ignore intra party democracy where their dissent could have been heard. The state committee meeting passed the resolution by a margin of eight votes to four.Ironically, three Delhi state committee members of SFI, including the secretary, were out of station and were not present in the meeting.Early on, Prasenjit Bose, a former SFI leader from JNU who headed the research unit of CPM, was expelled from the party for questioning CPM's decision to support Mukherjee.CPM general secretary Prakash Karat has justified the surprise decision to support Congress's candidate by citing arch rival Mamata Banerjee's opposition to the Congress candidate. He also said the move was influenced by local considerations: something that was interpreted as referring to the party's desire to align with any yearning in Bengal to see one of their own occupy the glamorous office.Prasenjit Bose and others including his wife, Albina Shakil, questioned the decision saying it did not square up with CPM's opposition to \"neo-liberal\" economic policies that Mukherjee pursued as finance minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813502", "title": "Centre tightens norms for babus' foreign junkets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tightening the screw on foreign junkets of bureaucrats, the Centre has come out with new guidelines seeking more details of proposed visit of 'babus' if they want to get mandatory government clearance for going abroad.Under the guidelines, the bureaucrats will not only have to give details of the \"sponsoring authority\" and all information relating to expenditure of the proposed visit but also submit a \"write up\" if they are supposed to attend a conference/seminar in foreign countries.Officers will have to comply with it irrespective of whether they intend to go abroad on personal or official visit. The expenditure details which are supposed to be submitted include air fare and approximate costs of food and lodging. All these information need to be passed on to the concerned ministries at least 15 days before the scheduled visit.Though these guidelines will be meant for all bureaucrats across the country, the Centre to begin with has circulated it for officers of the Delhi and Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands Civil/Police Services (DANICS and DANIPS).The home ministry had on June 26 sent an 'office memorandum' (OM) comprising these guidelines to chief secretaries of Delhi and A&N; Islands, administrators of Daman &amp; Die and Lakshadweep and Delhi Police commissioner.The new guidelines came in the backdrop of a note from home secretary R K Singh who in April wrote to all central ministries mentioning how the government had come across instances where officers at different levels had been in touch with foreign nationals or embassy staffers of other countries for being nominated for courses abroad.Asking all senior officers not to mingle with foreigners working with different embassies or high commissions, Singh, in his note to secretaries on April 3, had said, \"Such contacts give an opportunity to foreign service nationals and embassy officersstaffers (some of whom may be intelligence operatives) to cultivate sources within the government andor push their agenda.\"Although the provision to disclose 'details' of foreign visits are there in the service rule books of bureaucrats, the new guidelines will help the government in getting complete information in advance before sanctioning the journey.The June 26 OM had stated that the government had to form the guidelines to regulate the issue of foreign visits as it was found that officers are often submit \"incomplete\" information and that too very late for getting \"cadre clearance regarding ex-India visitleave\".The OM, which is to be sent to all states for guiding regulation of foreign visits of officers, says that before forwarding any proposal to the concerned ministry, the stateUT administration should verify it in accordance with the extant guidelines issued by the central government.It says: \"Only those proposals which conform to the said guidelines should be forwarded to the ministry after due certification\".On proposed visit of officers to attend any conferenceseminar abroad, the guidelines want the bureaucrats to submit a write up as to how the conferenceseminar is going to benefit him or his organization. The officers will also be required to submit hisher \"report\" once they come back after attending such conference or seminar.\"Such move will help government in regulating whether officers who are given clearance for foreign visits had actually gone for the purpose stated by them or for something else\", said an official.He added that a mechanism to scrutinize other details will also be put in place in view of the new guidelines so that it could check any unnecessary contact of bureaucrats with foreigners as stated by the home secretary in his April note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813797", "title": "Metro, Archeological Survey of India spar over \u2018Mughal\u2019 find", "text": "NEW DELHI: The controversy regarding the discovery of Mughal-era relics near Jama Masjid Metro Station seems to have turned into a turf war between Delhi Metro and Archeological Survey of India (ASI). While the latter has recommended a further investigation of the site, DMRC is playing down the heritage tag of the findings.Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) sources say that till the discovered structure is listed as a heritage monument, Metro will not stop work at the site.\"The location of the station box has already been changed once as the ASI felt it was too close to Sunehri Masjid. Since it is yet to be determined whether the Akbarabadi mosque was located at the site in question, Delhi Metro will continue with construction work till we are advised to do otherwise,\" a spokesperson for the agency said. The site is part of the original station box location.The new station is located 30-odd metre away from the previous location. Earlier, the Jama Masjid Metro Station was 103m away from Sunehri Masjid and 300m from Jama Masjid. Now, it is located at a distance of 130m from Sunehri Masjid and 200m from Jama Masjid. \"Preliminary work is already underway. Digging for surveys, and soil and water table testing up to 18-20m is going on. Piling will start soon,\" added the official.Meanwhile, ASI officials said the site has \"huge potential for excavations that could unearth new archaeological discoveries\". The ASI team that visited the site last week and confirmed that the findings were from the Mughal-era, has submitted a report to director-general Gautam Sengupta, said sources. ASI is still unclear whether the relics belong to the Akbarabadi mosque.\"Even before the ruins were found, we had served a notice to Delhi Metro asking them to stop work in that area as it falls in the regulated zone of Sunehri Masjid. This prompted them to change the alignment of the station. Till we complete investigation into the recent findings, Metro has been asked to halt construction work,\" said an ASI official.National Monuments Authority (NMA) member-secretary Praveen Srivastava said irrespective of any archaeological findings, DMRC still is not allowed to carry out construction work within 300m of protected monuments like Sunehri Masjid without getting an NOC. \"DMRC's request is still pending with NMA,\" Srivastava said.Conservationists say that ideally DMRC should integrate the findings with the Metro station. \"The design of the station has to be altered and a new strategy needs to be adopted. The process will take much longer but the archeological remains can be integrated with the station. Many countries have done this,\" said an archaeologist.Experts say that ASI has the power under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment and Validation) Act, 2010 to take over any site which has confirmed evidence of historical remains. Further action will be initiated by ASI only after studying the recommendations of the Delhi circle team, added officials.Officials said that as the matter had already been brought to chief minister Sheila Dikshit's notice, there was a strong possibility that the area could be taken over by the department of archeology under the Delhi government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14814011", "title": "Local ire slows survey work of airport road", "text": "KANNUR: The decision of the state government to go ahead with the land survey for the alignment of the new greenfield road from the proposed Kannur airport to Mattannur has drawn flak from the local residents.The action committee formed to demand the widening of the existing road has alleged that the government is planning for new road to help the BOT company that is supposed to build the road.On Tuesday, nearly 150 protestors including 50 women prevented the survey team to work at Muzhappala. Cops took them into custody and released them in the evening.On Monday too over 85 protestors were held for obstructing the survey work.Muhammed Ali , chairman of the action committee, who too was arrested, said that the state has already decided to go ahead with the work on new road by terming the expansion of existing road as costly.He said that in an earlier survey done to check the feasibility to expand the existing road Natpac had said that Rs 229.5 crore was needed for the work. \"Now they say it would cost more than Rs 1,000 crore. The state should make public the Natpac report,\" he said.The action committee also added that the government first said that the survey would be conducted for a 45m-wide road.\"Now they are surveying the land for 150m-wide road. This is being done to help the BOT company to develop other commercial facilities,\" Ali alleged.A private company, Ruby Soft Tech, has been given the responsibility of the survey.They survey was stopped on a few occasions earlier too by the locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812553", "title": "Ex-CM\u2019s men may take fight against Chavan to Congress bosses", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after expressing their displeasure over the manner in which the Prithviraj Chavan-led government handled the Adarsh probe, supporters of former CM Ashok Chavan, named as an accused in the case, continued to mount pressure.Legislators supporting the former CM met on Tuesday evening to discuss their future strategy. There were reports that the conference took place at a Congress minister's residence.While most legislators from the Ashok Chavan camp remained tight-lipped, former minister Abdul Sattar disclosed that they had sought an appointment with the party high command to discuss the \"injustice meted out to their leader.\"Hinting that the legislators would also highlight their displeasure over the chief minister's functioning, Sattar said \"there were plans to raise other issues\".At the Congress legislature party (CLP) meeting on Monday, legislators, owing allegiance to Ashok Chavan, had hit out at the CM and the party's state leadership for \"not protecting their leader\".Recounting Ashok Chavan's contribution to the party in the state, the group had expressed that their leader was being \"singled out as part of a conspiracy.\"According to sources, Ashok Chavan's supporters plan to exploit the uncertainty that prevails over the CBI's jurisdiction in the case.Sources claimed that at least 30 legislators supported Ashok Chavan's cause and did not discount a \"show of strength\" before the party's central leadership. Following the rebuke by Ashok Chavan's supporters during the meet on Monday, state party president Manikrao Thakre had informed the CLP that the \"state party unit stood firmly behind the former CM and would even approach the central leadership to press his case.\"However, even as his followers upped the ante, the former CM continued to maintain a low profile.Meanwhile, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan denied reports of unrest against him. \"At the CLP meeting, a section of legislators had raised issues regarding their displeasure over cases against certain party leaders,\" he said on Tuesday. On the plans of Ashok Chavan's acolytes to approach Delhi over complaints, the CM remarked, \"Decisions have been taken by the party's central leadership, against whom will they complain?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14816718", "title": "Hirani turns producer with Peekay", "text": "The director's next film starring Aamir Khan in the lead will see him move away from buddy Vidhu Vinod Chopra, who will stay on board only as a presenterDespite a successful collaboration on their Munna Bhai franchise and more recently, 3 Idiots , Vidhu Vinod Chopra will not produce buddy Raj Kumar Hirani's ambitious next starring Aamir Khan and Anushka Sharma .The film titled Peekay will instead see Hirani donning the mantle of producer while Chopra will remain on board only as a presenter.A source close to the film told Mirror, \"Of course, Hirani will direct the film as well. And while VVC (as Vidhu is better known) will only be a presenter, it does not imply he won't be involved with the film. Simply put, Peekay will release as: Presented by Vidhu Vinod Chopra Films.\" Peekay will be flagged off by end this year under Hirani's independent banner christened Raj Kumar Hirani Productions, the source said.However, Mirror has it that Hirani and VVC going separate ways doesn't mean there is any animosity between them. As things stand, Hirani may continue to operate out of VVC's office like earlier times.As our source pointed out, \"It's a natural progression for Hirani. After 3 Idiots , he was inclined to produce a film alone. He had harboured these intentions for quite some time, and now it is actually happening.\"So, why isn't VVC producing Peekay if all is well between him and Hirani? The source claims Hirani would have loved to have VVC as producer, but the hitch was VVC is now involved with the pre-production of Chithiyan, which he wants to start rolling in the next four months.\"VVC doesn't want to be involved in producing two films at the same time. So, he sat down with Hirani last week and it was decided amicably that both Chithiyan and Peekay would go on floors this year itself. Aamir had already allotted dates to Hirani for Peekay . It would have been too long for Hirani to wait for the completion of Chithiyan,\" explained the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814107", "title": "Cop recovers ashtadhaatu statue, 2 held in Gudamba", "text": "LUCKNOW: What is being claimed as a major recovery, Gudamba police recovered an ashtadhaatu statue of Lord Mahabir estimated by police to be worth Rs 2.5 crore with the arrest of two persons on Tuesday. The miscreants were identified as Santram and Munnaram, both resident of Sitapur, said circle officer Ghazipur Vishal Pandey.However, their gang leader Bahadur, a native of Nepal, who has been involved in several thefts earlier, is still absconding; Pandey further said and added that a team had also been sent to Kanpur to trace him.The Lord Mahabir statue is stated to be around one foot in height. The police said that the arrests were made on a tip off that a few miscreants who have stolen statutes with them were trying to sell it to a probable purchaser.Acting on the tip-off, the police nabbed the two. As per the primary investigation, the miscreants had stolen the statue from a district of Nepal. They had brought it here to sell it, but when they failed to find any buyer, they were trying to take the statue back to Nepal, the circle officer said and added however, the actual information about the statue was stated by the nabbed miscreants to be with the gang leader Bahadur.The police said that efforts are being made to nab the gang leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14814528", "title": "1,500 doctors across district protest, lend support to nationwide bandh", "text": "NASHIK: Fifteen hundred practitioners of Indian System of Medicine (ISM) in the district responded to the nation-wide bandh called by National Integrated Medical Association (NIMA) on July 10. The bandh was held to protest against the lathi charge on ISM doctors in Lucknow recently and to put forth their demands.ISM doctors in the city participated in a rally from Golf Club Ground to Ganjmal, Shalimar, MG Road, Chhatrapati Shivaji Stadium and to the district collector's office at 11 am on July 10 where they presented a memorandum of their demands.\"Besides protesting against the lathi charge on ISM doctors at Lucknow on July 2, we also put forth our long standing demands one of which involved an Food and Drug Administration (FDA) rule which stated that . While the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) had said that only allopathic doctors' prescriptions could be accepted by chemists, but BAMS doctors are also recognized and have the right to prescribe medicines,\" said secretary of Nashik's NIMA secretary, Nashik District branch (All India Organisation of Graduates of Integrated Medicines) Dr Devendra Bachchav.\"We are also demanding an amendment in the Clinical Establishment Act that says that to start an OPD we need to have a 400 sq ft place, which not all doctors can afford. The burden then falls on the patient because the amount is taken from them. The Act also says that to set up a hospital a doctor needs to have a space of 3000sq ft. This shows that corporate hospitals are simply being given an opportunity and the common man will suffer,\" Bachchav said.The doctors added that they were also against the government's decision to start Bachelor of Rural Medicine and Surgery (BRMS) for serving rural people since the course has a duration of only three and a half years.\"Why is the course for just three and a half years? Are rural folk guinea pigs? BAMS, BHMS and MBBS doctors are there to cater to rural patients. The government has counted only the number of MBBS doctors and concluded that the number of doctors was sufficient,\" an agitating doctor said.Collector Vilas Patil, Patil said addressing the chemists and druggists who were also present, that ISM doctors could practice allopathy and that the druggists cannot reject their prescriptions.As a result the protestig doctors withdrew their proposed strike that was to be observed from July 18-20.Dr Vishal Gholap, a corporator who is also a member of NIMA said, \"The district collector addressed chemists and druggists as well and said that the prescriptions of all medical practitioners arew to be accepted. He added that no prescriptions are to be returned else action against the chemist could be initiated under Emergency Commodity Act. We will however continue to observe a 24 -hour bandh.\"The rally was also supported by the family physicians association, medical practitioners association, homeopathic doctors and representatives of NIMA from all district talukas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14813158", "title": "13/7 wounded many, in limb &amp; life", "text": "MUMBAI: Namdeo Gholap used to feel a continual twinge in the stump of his right thigh. It oozed pus and discharged water. An X-ray examination revealed the cause was a glass shard. Last week, the father of three went to Saifee Hospital and got the fragment removed. \"I hope this is the last piece of anything stuck in my body related to the blast,\" the 36-year-old told TOI.Gholap was at Opera House on July 13 last year when a bomb went off at 6.55pm. The explosion hit his legs so grievously they had to be amputated from the thigh down. Twelve months later, his scars\u2014physical, emotional, financial\u2014are yet to heal.\"No amount of money, counselling or sympathy prepares one to lead the life of a physically challenged,\" said Gholap, sitting on the floor of his shanty in Khar (East). He pointed to an unused wheelchair lying in one corner. The narrow lanes of his slum have made it redundant.Thoughts of his future haunt Gholap. He was the only earning member in the family of four. His wife Nikita is uneducated and had to learn to sign her name after the blast.Like Gholap, there are many others still struggling to come to terms with the devastation 13/7 wrought in their lives. Twenty-seven people were killed and 127 injured in the triple explosions at Dadar, Opera House and Zaveri Bazar.Pintu Kumar (25) lost his right leg and left thumb and was seriously injured in the left leg in the explosion at Zaveri Bazar. His father Mahadev said over the phone from Jharkhand: \"His physical wounds might have healed but he is no longer the same. The fact that he is not like other boys of his age anymore has affected him immensely.\" Pintu left Mumbai in January this year and, Mahadev said, the youngster does not want to return. Before 13/7 changed his life forever, Pintu worked at a sandwich shop in Zaveri Bazar on a daily wage of Rs 150. Bhayander resident Sahadev Bhuvad (57), a diamond broker with a steady income of Rs 9,000 every month, lost his his right leg in the Opera House blast. He and his family of five are now dependent on a son's monthly income of Rs 5,000.\"We have a huge financial burden but there is nothing much I can do,\" Bhuvad said. \"Our existence has become hand to mouth.\" His artificial limb needs modification for which he needs Rs 15,000. \"No one can comprehend what it is to live with a handicap at this age.\"Gholap said he was trying to use his artificial limbs but \"my right leg hurts too much. The artificial limbs are so heavy that I cannot use them for too long without getting exhausted\".The Gholaps had to move out of their earlier room at Nirmal Nagar in Khar (East) because they defaulted on rent. Also, it was on the first floor, which made access difficult for Gholap. The family today lives in his mother-in-law's ground-floor shanty of to save on rent.\"Officers from the collector's office refused to hand me the compensation till I opened a bank account,\" said Nikita, adding on a lighter note that she \"learnt English in less than a day\".The family is currently surviving on the compensation of Rs 4 lakh. \"That's all we are holding on to,\" he said. Gholap lamented that he had never taken up employment with any Opera House trader. \"I was working as an agent for many people. So, after the blast, I did not have job assurance or help from anywhere,\" he said. His only dream now is to continue sending his children to school. \"My fear is that they may go to school only till the compensation lasts. But I am determined to get back on my feet by that time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14816915", "title": "Slump in economy forces Kannelite to alter business offer", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With a slump in the economy affecting the industry across the board, leading facility management services company Kannelite has come out with a revised business offer to attract the corporate clients in the food and beverages (F&B;) category.Apparently with an aim to enhance its clientele base, the company has proposed 30% discount to the companies like Tata Steel , Adhunik Group and Abhijeet Power and Steel Ltd among others.\"The idea behind rolling out discount offer is to shore up the volume base because it is the volume that gets marginally affected during recession period,\" said Kannelite director Mithilesh Jha.He said all the three companies had responded positively to the scheme and Kannelite looked forward to increase its clientele base through extending the fresh discount offer in the Singhbhum region.Director of the company, which has a turnover of Rs 20 crore, said although the requirements of the corporate clients in the F&B; sector remained by and large the same but since the corporate clients constitute a major chunk of the business, it was imperative on part of the Kannlite to come forward with attractive schemes.\"The special offer scheme also includes changes in the menu composition which means each plate will find new items in addition to the existing ones,\" said Jha. Snacks, lunch and dinner will go for an attractive change under the new scheme.With the presence in over six states, the company provides mechanized, semi-mechanized, domestic and industrial housekeeping services to the leading steel and hospitality firms like JSPL, SAIL, Bhusan Steel and Tata Enterprises, which runs Ginger chain of hotels.On requisition from several of its clients, the company has focused relatively more on the bar section as without bar facility it is difficult to run the F&B; business successfully. \"We are attaching equal focus on the bar along with the food,\" said Jha announcing the introduction of bar in Ginger Hotel on Tuesday. He said the company aims to spread its reach in Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14812919", "title": "\u2018Mind it, the tiger has woken up\u2019", "text": "The Times of India's report on Monday that Bihar's total plan outlay for the 12th five-year plan (2012-17) at 2.69 lakh crore is more than that of Gujarat (2.51 lakh crore) has led to a slanging match between Bihar sympathizers and Bihar baiters online, writes Navendu SharmaSandeep SP from Bangalore has made a contemptuous comment: \"(It's) another plan from Bihar politicians to get more commission.\" But others are not dismissive. \"Economic growth of Bihar is tremendous. Nitish has done a commendable Job,\" writes Upendra Singh of New Delhi. Randhir Barnwal from Bangalore adds, \"It really sounds great when one hears of the most downtrodden state of this country being lifted to a level which no one ever thought of...A salute to Nitish Kumar.\"Anil Sharma from Mumbai appreciates the state government's work, \"This shows that a good government can really make a difference to common man.\" Kundan Sharma from Ghaziabad pats the government, \"Great going Nitish! I wish you all the best.\"Pratul Birla from Kolkata is \"happy for Bihar that it has secured this kind of grant from the Centre.\" But he adds in the same breath, \"Bihar does not have the infrastructure to spend. Therefore, there is a big risk of misuse of funds.\" Relyrahul of New Delhi comments, \"Bihar needs it. Hopefully, Nitish will make best possible use of the funds.\"John from Manipur highlights the point that this transformation of fortunes of Bihar has not come easily. \"Keeping Gujarati attitude and history in mind, what Modi has done anyone could do easily. But if you remember Bihar and its history, what Nitish has achieved is really mentionable.\"Lest an impression gain ground that Bihar is getting Centre's largesse to sustain this plan size, R K Singh from Chennai underlines the fact that Bihar would be funding 51% of the total investment (during the 12th plan) through its own resources.Taking strong exception to attempts to portray Nitish Kumar as another politician out to line his pockets, Shubhaditya from New Delhi comments, \"Tarnish his image as much as you can. Won't really make a difference. ... Nitish Kumar, without doubt, is a man of sound personal integrity and he is sound on the priorities of governance and committed to the state's development.\" Shubhaditya also points out that Bihar's proposed plan outlay is no favour from the Centre. \"A state's plan outlay depends on its own capacity to generate revenue, plus 30% of its share in direct tax revenues of the Union government as per constitutional provisions, its ability to go for commercial borrowings... as well as loans from financial institutions... and financial aid from the Union government. Bihar is entitled to a number of grants under the Backward Region Grant Fund and in other departmental projects and schemes as well.\"Anand from Delhi says, \"Ensure a policy for governance and delivery mechanism and there would be growth for everyone.\"Bharat the Great from Mumbai shows the enviable Gujarati enterprising spirit. \"Like a true Gujarati, I will love to see Bihar develop and assure you that Gujaratis will extend their full support by establishing units in Bihar. May God restore the glory of Bihar and save it from casteist politicians.\"Lostreader puts it in a picturesque manner, \"Gujarat is graduate, but Bihar's results are not declared yet. They are just trying to study well.\" Arvind from Jamshedpur seems to aptly sum up the situation, \"The comparison between Bihar and Gujarat is not correct, but mind it, the tiger (Bihar) has woken up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814527", "title": "DCPs to review role of cops patrolling on bikes", "text": "NAGPUR: The armed robbery near Empress City mall, where gun-toting men snatched cash Rs3.90 lakh from two collection agents, took centre stage at the weekly crime meeting chaired by police chief Ankush Dhanvijay at his Civil Lines office on Tuesday. Dhanvijay said the role of bike-borne cops on patrolling duty would now be supervised by an officer of deputy commissioner of police rank, with weekly reviews.Dhanvijay, who had visited the crime scene, had asked about the location of bike-borne cops on patrolling duty from senior officials investigating the case. The role of the bike-borne constables, better known as Charlie commandos, from Ganeshpeth police station is now under scanner as a number of incidents have taken place in the area.\"The DCP of every zone would now review the performance of Charlie commandos and other bike-borne cops entrusted with the responsibility of patrolling the streets. Personnel from detection branch wing too will be under scanner now. Only those who perform well will keep their posting in these branches. We have taken action against some cops,\" said Dhanvijay.He also expressed surprise at the way robbers are embracing different modus operandi. \"The robbers and tricksters are taking different modes to loot citizens. Most of these miscreants are fresh and young, not in our record books and away from the intelligence radar. However, we are after them,\" said the top cop.The CP said senior officials have been briefed once again about strategies to be adopted in the wake of spate of street robberies and tricksters targeting citizens carrying cash. \"We are trying our best. Nakabandis are being conducted at random to add surprise element,\" he said.Dhanvijay said every police station is scanning records of known criminals. \"We are conducting thorough checks at every police station, with a day earmarked just for that,\" said the CP. \"We are detecting cases but the scenario is definitely challenging us,\" said Dhanvijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14814655", "title": "'Cutting food into small bits may help you lose weight'", "text": "LONDON: Want to shed those extra flab? Then, cut your food into quarters before taking a bite, scientists say. Researchers at Arizona State University in the US found that people eat less when presented with several small pieces of food rather than one large one - even when the two contain the same number of calories.It's not entirely clear why this is so, but researchers believe it could be down to an optical illusion, with the brain and belly fooled into thinking that a bar of chocolate broken into pieces is bigger than one that remains whole.Similarly, a muffin may suddenly seem more filling if cut into quarters before taking a bite, they said. For their study, the researchers looked at more than 300 students as they ate bagels. Some were given a bagel that had been cut in four, while others were given a whole one.Twenty minutes later, the volunteers were given another meal and told they could eat as much or as little of it as they liked. It was found that those whose bagel had been cut into pieces ate less of it, and also less of the later meal, the Daily Mail reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14811940", "title": "Government sits on cess for construction workers", "text": "MUMBAI: After collecting money from developers for construction workers' welfare, the state government has been sitting pretty with the money.While the government has collected Rs 452 crore in the past four years as cess for welfare of the workers, barely Rs 70,000 has been utilized so far. Labour welfare minister Hasan Mushrif has conceded this in a written reply to a query included in the starred questions' list that was tabled in the state legislative council on Tuesday.Under the Building and Other Construction Welfare Cess Act, 1996, the government has imposed 1% cess on construction costs of projects costing more than Rs 10 lakh. While the cess is being recovered since 2008, the benefit is yet to be passed on in the real sense to the workers. The minister has conceded that only a handful of the 4.12 crore labourers in the state have so far benefitted from the scheme. Of these, over 3.7 crore belong to the unorganized sector. The Act requires the government to register the construction workers. However, only about 24,000 workers have been registered so far, the minister has agreed.In the government's defense, the minister has argued that the labour welfare board was reconstructed in May 2011 and has since met 11 times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14817171", "title": "HC extends date for engineering counselling", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Tuesday directed the state government to extend the last date of OJEE engineering counseling by four days. The OJEE authorities had fixed the last date of counselling on July 12, but the high court ordered to extend it to July 16.Justice Sanju Panda gave the direction while adjudicating a batch of petitions filed by various private engineering colleges. The petitioners alleged that even though All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) had given its approval to increased seats in 20 private engineering colleges, but the Odisha Joint Entrance Exam (OJEE) authorities were not allowing these colleges to participate in the counselling process. Taking note of the allegation, the high court has directed state government to display details of the increased seats in the website of OJEE.\"The high court has directed state government to extend the last date of engineering counselling to July 16 and has ordered them to display the detail information on increased seats in the engineering colleges in the OJEE website,\" said Binod Dash, secretary of Odisha Private Engineering College Association (OPECA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14812850", "title": "One more case filed against IPS officer over bribe", "text": "JAIPUR: Further tightening the noose around tainted IPS officer Ajay Singh, the ACB on Tuesday lodged one more case against him and ASI Prem Singh in another case of demanding bribe of Rs 3 lakh.Ajay Singh and Prem Singh were arrested by ACB last month for taking bribe. ASI Prem Singh was arrested red-handed by a special team led by DSP Asha Ram Choudhary in Ramganj police station for taking bribe of Rs 2.5 lakh from one Bhawani Singh. Singh is presently lodged in Jaipur Central Jail.According to IG, ACB, Umesh Mishra, the agency has lodged another case under corruption laws against the IPS officer.\"One Manwar Khan approached the ACB saying that he was working with Mars Buildhome Developers company from June 2008 to February 2010. After he quit the company, an FIR had been registered against it for duping several investors in January this year. The police arrested the four directors of the company,\" said Mishra.He added that the case was being investigated IPS officer Ajay Singh. \"Singh demanded a bribe of Rs 3 lakh through Prem Singh from the complainant for not making him an accused,\" said the officer.He added that Manwar Khan had registered the complaint on March 28 which was turned into an FIR on Tuesday.\"Ajay Singh and Prem Singh has been booked under sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act and 120B of IPC,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14813314", "title": "In Britain, pets can now fly with owners for \u2018emotional support\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Air travellers in Britain might soon find pot-bellied pigs, miniature horses and monkeys traveling as their co-passengers, as authorities have now allowed travellers to take exotic pets along for 'emotional support'.According to the new department of transportation rules, animals should be allowed on flights if they are used for 'emotional support' by their owners. However, transportation officers would have to determine whether the animal is permitted on the plane by running through a list of guidelines which are part of a draft manual on equality for disabled people travelling on commercial passenger planes.\"A passenger arrives at the gate accompanied by a pot-bellied pig. She claims that the pot-bellied pig is her service animal. What should you do?\" the department manual asks.The manual provides guidelines to determine if they are service animals. For instance, miniature horses can help visually-impaired passengers. New guidelines say airline employees should enquire about how the animal aids the passenger and what training it has had.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "big question over city police's day patrolling soumittra s bose | tnn nagpur", "code": "14818099", "title": "Big question over city police's day patrolling", "text": "Big question over city police's day patrolling Soumittra S Bose | tnn Nagpur: A spate of incidents of robberies in broad daylight has exposed the lackadaisical approach of the cops in ensuring citizens' security. Want of police presence and patrolling on the city streets in the daytime has led to major embarrassment for the cops and insecurity for the citizens in the last couple of months. On Monday, two major incidents brought the city police's daytime patrolling pattern under scanner.While two collection agents were robbed of Rs 3.90 lakh from a spot near Empress T-point, a retired assistant sub-inspector was tricked by miscreants near Hingna T-point who decamped with Rs 1 lakh in his possession. In another incident, a bank manager's residence at Surve Nagar was looted by the housebreakers who decamped with valuables worth more than Rs 4 lakh.It is unclear what actions were undertaken by the city police on the personnel supposed to patrol the areas where the robberies, bag-lifting, burglaries or chain-snatching took place. The lack of patrolling and want of stringent action on the cops even when a serious offence takes place are leading to dare-devil robberies on roads. The dearth of detection in the burglary cases, except in a couple of police stations, is also leading to a spurt in such incidents in the city. In most cases, crime branch too has initiated focused investigations but there has been no significant success. The crime branch has also opened a special wing of anti-chain-snatching and vehicle theft cases but has little to show for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14811998", "title": "Lens on doctor in Versova deaths", "text": "MUMBAI: A doctor's negligence during Rehab Chougle's post-mortem at Cooper Hospital mortuary may have queered the Versova siblings' death plot. Last week, Rameez (26) and Rehab (27) died mysteriously within 44 hours of each other.The doctor, who failed to preserve the viscera was earlier embroiled in a controversy during the Laxmi Chhaya building collapse in Borivli and was transferred from Bhagwati Hospital.\"This doctor did not collect samples of histopathology and viscera, which is a must in such cases. Viscera reports help determine if it was indeed a case of poisoning,\" a person in the know of the sequence of events after the death said.Doctors and police have been passing the 'negligence' blame on each other. Police surgeon S N Patil defended his junior's action stating that collecting samples was not mandatory in every case. He said, \"Doctors collect the viscera where there is an allegation, or clear indication of poisoning or if the police ask for it.\"The police, meanwhile, said that it was up to the doctor to decide what needs to be done to rule out the possibility of foul play. The doctor's statement may be recorded.Meanwhile, friends of Farzana Chougle, mother of the siblings, who were the first to arrive at the Chougles apartment on the fateful night, are shocked.A homeopath, Dr Kshitij Mehta, who was was called by Farzana on July 4, around 12.30am, said, \"Rameez lay dead while Rehab complained of stomach ache,\" he says. He summoned Ajay Kaul, principal of the Children's Welfare Centre (CWC) school and Farzana's co-worker. Kaul arrived with Prashant Kashid, an CWC activity teacher. \"We did not see, hear or smell anything suspicious,\" said Kaul. \"No mention of pest control came up.\" Next morning, the Chougles cited pesticide poisoning at h ospital.Dr Abdullah Momin, who signed Rameez's death certificate, has been unable to work owing to police inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14817217", "title": "These tech-savvies win heart with 'Charitra'", "text": "INDORE: Started by a Bangalore-based software company -- SAP, assisted by engineers under the umbrella of EWB ( Engineers Without Borders) and initiated in the city by the engineering students of Institute of Engineering and Technology (IET, DAVV), the online campaign called 'Charitra' is a unique drive to collect stationeries and other accessories for underprivileged in the city.The campaign - a three-day initiative - started on July 9 and will conclude on July 11. It is underway on IET and SGSITS campuses in the city. The drive has been deriving good response from city residents as well as students who have donated books, pencils and other accessories till now.The local group of engineering students from IET is successfully carrying on with the online campaigning on social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter convincing students throughout the city to donate stationeries like notebooks, pen, pencil, toys and items like old clothes.Abhay Gupta, event coordinator of the project, said \"We live in a virtual world and the whole idea of the project is to use technology and power of Internet to bring social and economic development. Under the project, students and city residents are being informed about the change we can bring in poor people's and children's life by donating simplest things like a notebook or a pencil etc.\"Mentor of EWB, Prof Vrinda Tokekar said the group focuses basically on the social service by the student volunteers. She said \"We also organize a collection twice every year at local college-level where students and faculties collect stationary materials for the underprivileged students.\"BOXKnow more about EWB, CharitraEWB, which is a bunch of engineering students involved in creating awareness among youth, has twelve groups across the country. There are two units of the group in the state - IET in Indore and MANIT in Bhopal . The Indore unit started three years ago.Vishal Dandge, president of EWB, said \"We spend a lot of time in such social activities which we consider as important as our studies.\"Informing about 'Charitra', he said it is an online web application by SAP and it aims at connecting volunteers for social causes. The people who want to contribute to the project can come in contact with the volunteers and post their queries through the application.Volunteers, on the other hand, can find projects to which they can dedicate time, skill and resources according to their convenience. The campaign acts as a platform where volunteers can organize groups and highlight the needs of people. The project has been given IAMAI award for the best usage of internet for social and economic development this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14816852", "title": "Talk to villagers on Nagri land row, HC tells government", "text": "RANCHI: Protesters at Nagri got some relief on Tuesday when the Jharkhand high court asked the state government to convene meeting with the villagers within a week to resolve the dispute related to acquisition of land for construction of Indian Institute of Management, Ranchi (IIM-R) and National University of Study and Research in Law (NUSRL).The villagers are opposing the decision of the state government to acquire 227 acres of agricultural land for IIM-R and NUSRL. Recently, they had stopped the construction of the two institutions and even ploughed the land. Some of the villagers, including women , were even injured in a lathicharge while trying to demolish a boundary wall last week.The directive was issued by the division bench of Chief Justice Prakash Tatia and Justice Jaya Roy while hearing a petition of the state bar association to ensure speedy construction of NUSRL by the state government. Earlier the Supreme Court and the high court had rejected the petition of the villagers in which they had challenged the land acquisition by the state.Mithilesh Singh, appearing for the bar association, said the court asked the government to file the report on construction of NUSRL by July 16. \"The court also asked the government to meet the villagers to solve the problem. The court observed that the government of a welfare state cannot ignore interest of the villagers and it should ensure that the displaced families get their compensation and rehabilitation package,\" said Singh adding that next date of hearing is July 16. The district administration found the 200 acres of land offered by villagers at Kanke block as an alternate to the plot at Nagri was not fit for use. The plot has a good green cover and cannot be used for construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812176", "title": "Over 34k get first-year junior college seats in third round", "text": "MUMBAI: The third and final online merit list for admissions to junior college was announced on Tuesday when 34,046 students were allotted seats. Close to 21,920 students got seats under the betterment option in this round and 6,821 got a seat in a college which was their first preference.Unlike the previous three years, as of now, the education department has no information about students who are yet to be allotted a seat. However, they are yet to ascertain this fact. \"The complaints that we did receive were of students whose forms were still pending on the admission website due to some mistake on their part. However, if there still are students who have been left out of the admission system, we will look into the matter,\" said a senior official from the office of the deputy director of education (schools). Last year, 5,191 students were not allotted seats even after five rounds of online admissions and had to apply to individual colleges offline once again.Students whose names have appeared in the third merit list have time till Thursday evening to confirm their seats with their respective colleges. Colleges can start admissions to the bifocal courses only after Thursday. Many colleges were upset about this change in the admission schedule this year which pushed admissions to bifocal seats after the online admissions ends. \"We will now have to end up spending more time in admissions within the college for another week. Hopefully it won't be chaotic,\" said a principal of a south Mumbai college. Most colleges told The Times of India that they will start lectures for the new batch on July 16 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813859", "title": "New agency may be hired to maintain traffic signals", "text": "NEW DELHI: If plans for upgradation of signals are successful, then traffic lights may function properly in the capital soon. Unhappy with the poor performance, Delhi police commissioner Neeraj Kumar has directed traffic police to review the traffic cycle and phase of all the traffic lights in the city. Emphasizing on the traffic light management, the CP has said that a new agency may soon be roped in to ensure their proper maintenance.Traffic cops have been instructed to analyze the traffic cycle and phase length required at each signal for the upgradation. After receiving several complaints against the working of current signals \u2014 that they are not attuned to the traffic situation in the crossings, breakdown of signals are not attended in time, quality of the signals (like display of light) is not optimum etc\u2014 it has been decided that the contract for the maintenance of the signals may be awarded to a new contractor and replace CMS Traffic Systems and Keltron that have been maintaining the signals for the last 20 years.Of late, the traffic police had been unhappy with their performance with complaints of signals not working have been on a rise. In the last seven days, 34 signals under CMS and 20 signals under Keltron have been found to be defunct, said sources in traffic police. \"On an average, around 10% signals are not functional,\" said an official.The new firm will have to fulfill the technical criteria before being formally awarded the contract. Till now, the agency has been responsible for 50 signals in Kolkata. In Delhi, they will have to look after 780 signals and 390 blinkers. \"Traffic police will ensure that the agency has the capacity to maintain so many signals. The agency has no prior experience in maintaining signals in Delhi,\" added the official.Currently, the maintenance contract states that all minor faults must be corrected within six hours of receipt of complaint, and for all major faults the rectification must take place within 2 days. If any traffic signal remains non-functional for over five days, a penalty of Rs 500 per day will be charged. Even after a work contract is awarded, delays will not be tolerated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14812315", "title": "Unpaid lineman threatens suicide", "text": "MARGAO: In a peculiar case, Suresh Velip from Quepem, who is a lineman employed with the electricity department, gave an ultimatum to the executive engineer (EE) at the electricity department, Aquem, that he would commit suicide if his salary was not paid to him within 15 days.Velip, who visited the electricity department with his wife Sujata and sons Satish and Vithal Velip, alleged that he had not been paid his salary since the beginning of 2009. Velip said that he had first joined the electricity department in 1989, was posted as a helper at the office in Vasco and that he was later made a lineman.Velip, in his meeting with EE Carmo Fernandes, explained that in the year 2000, he had suffered an injury on duty while cutting a tree and that he was out of work till 2008. He added that he resumed work in 2009, was posted in Margao and then at Velim.Velip said he was carrying out regular work but was not paid. When asked why he did not raise the issue for so long, Velip said that every time he approached the department he was asked to come back in a few months, he was fed up and that a loan he had taken from a cooperative society was also due.Fernandes said that he will look into the matter and has called for a meeting with the head clerk, junior engineer and LDC who knew about Velip's work records, and promised to settle the matter as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14813017", "title": "New admission portal likely for students of distance education", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai has finally learnt a lesson from last year's admission- and exam-related goof-ups. This year, admissions to the Institute of Distance and Open Learning (IDOL) may not be done via the Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited (MKCL). Admissions will not only be done through a portal, three options are being considered, including MKCL, but also will be decentralized and around 20 colleges will now act as IDOL's study centres.A meeting was held on Tuesday with officials from IDOL and the varsity to discuss the admission strategy for distance education programmes. An official said, \"There were a lot of goof-ups last year. Besides technical issues, the rate quoted by MKCL is Rs 125 to fill each form online. So, MU is looking at other options besides MKCL. The contract for admissions may go to another portal.\"Last year, admissions were done at MKCL centres. Students filled their forms from MKCL centres.This year, 20 colleges will act as study centres to help students in admissions. Pro vice-chancellor N Chandra said, \"IDOL admissions will be decentralized this year. We are considering three options and MKCL is one of them.\" But no decision has been taken on which portal will conduct the admissions.-Yogita RaoThe final names of colleges will soon be shortlisted. Students from far off places under university's jurisdiction need not travel all the way to IDOL in Kalina campus.\" However, there is no decision taken on which portal will be conducting the admissions yet. \"We are considering three options and MKCL is also one of them. The final decision will be taken soon. MKCL is carrying out the online enrollment process of all students in our affiliated colleges,\" said Naresh Chandra. An official however claimed that a reputed portal working for e-governance in the state is under consideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14814683", "title": "Zebrafish may help in treating human diseases", "text": "NEW DELHI: A brightly striped aquarium fish is now giving scientists a peep into the mysteries of the human body. Indian and western scientists are now taking keen interest in the zebrafish - popularly called an aquarium fish. Scientists say the genes of humans and zebrafish - found in India and Pakistan , is 80% similar.Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) Hyderabad has recently set up a state-of-the-art zebrafish research facility. Scientist Dr Rakesh Mishra, who heads the CCMB centre says the fish has gained tremendous international prominence as a model organism.Speaking to TOI, Dr Mishra said, \"Thousands of genes between humans and the zebrafish are similar and therefore using this fish for scientific studies has several advantages. Its embryo is transparent and hence we can actually see the body being formed. It is found all over India and breeds throughout the year making it readily available.\"It is known for its high fecundity (mature females lay several hundred eggs at weekly intervals) and short generation time (3-4 months). The embryo also develops completely in 48-72 hrs because of which experiments can be completed very fast.\" The team is now working to see how the body of the zebrafish forms which could ultimately tell us how humans form from a single cell and the mechanism in which \"the anterior and posterior\" is decided.Dr Mishra said, \"We are going to replace the genes of zebrafish with that of humans to see how it behaves. We are beginning by studying how embryonic development begins with a single cells and then divides to result in a body pattern.\"We want to study the mechanism that controls the expression of homeotic genes which control formation of anterior and posterior body axis.\"Zebrafish unlike humans can regenerate their spinal cord following injury.Scientists are now trying to see how they do it and whether humans can replicate such an action. Yona Goldshmit, a scientist working at Monash University in Australia is studying the mechanisms of spinal cord repair in zebrafish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14813696", "title": "Duo holds guard at gunpoint, steals car", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unidentified assailants stole a car from outside a bungalow in upscale Hauz Khas area, south Delhi, after holding a guard at gunpoint. The car belonged to a person called Vipin Gupta, police said.The incident took place early on Monday morning in Uday park area, Hauz Khas. The guard, Abhimanyu (21), told police that around 3.30am he woke up because of a noise and saw a person sitting in a car parked beside his owner's car, while another person had opened the door of his owner's Hyundai Verna. The guard had been employed in the house three days back and was on a night shift till 8am, police said.Abhimanyu then went to inquire what the men were doing. However, he was told to leave by the accused as they claimed to be financer's men and told the guard that they had come to claim the car due to the non-payment of dues. The guard tried to go inside the bungalow and inform his employers but he was allegedly held at gunpoint by one of the accused and threatened for life.The accused soon fled after stealing the car. The guard subsequently raised an alarm and informed his employers. Police was also informed.On the basis of guard's statement, a case of theft under Section 382 of IPC was registered at Hauz Khas police station. The cops have been provided with the vehicle number used by the accused and the investigations are on, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14818284", "title": "KallolCulture: Blend of fashion and art", "text": "Designer Kallol Datta's installation work, KallolCulture, opened recently at a city art centre .The emotive and metaphorical work exhibited the ethno-grunge culture in design and fashion through varying narratives and installations. The dominant themes explored through the characteristic of designs are varied, blurred, muted and outspoken. Kallol effortlessly blended fashion and art through this show. We spotted Moon Moon Sen, Abhishek Dutta , Rita Bhimani, Kishore Bhimani and Pinky Kenworthy at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14817498", "title": "City gets first good spell of rain", "text": "BHOPAL: The city received first good spell of rainfall on Monday night after the onset of monsoon on June 3. A total of 80.7 mm of rain was recorded in Bhopal till Tuesday morning. However, the low pressure area formed over the state has meanwhile moved towards Gujarat and Rajasthan. Activation of fresh formations in Bay of Bengal may take another one week. Hence, the possibilities of heavy rain are bleak in the state including Bhopal, the weatherman said, adding showers are likely to continue.The whole state received rainfall between Monday and Tuesday, including Indore that recorded a total rainfall of 39.0 mm. While Gwalior recorded 44.7 mm, Hoshangabad 81 mm, Raisen 105 mm, Khandwa 86 mm, Ratlam 73.2 mm and Sidhi recorded 57.2 mm of rain.The temperatures among the four main cities- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 32.0 and 21.4 degrees Celsius. Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 29.5 (-2) degrees against a minimum of 22.2 (-1) degrees C.The maximum temperature at Indore was recorded at 27.4 (-3) degrees and minimum at 21.4 (-2) degrees. Gwalior recorded the maximum temperature at 32.0 (-5) degrees and 25.9 (-1) degrees C was the minimum temperature there.Jabalpur recorded a maximum and minimum temperatures of 32.0 (+1) and 24.1 (00) degrees Celsius respectively.In the forecast for Tuesday, the weathermen predict strong possibility of rainfall in Gwalior Chambal and Ujjain divisions and rainfall at few places in the remaining parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814476", "title": "Chemists call off agitation", "text": "NAGPUR: The chemists have decided to call off their 'work-to-rule' agitation after receiving assurances from the government that their demands will be fulfilled after some deliberations. The move has also been taken in view of the inconvenience the agitation would have caused.Food and drug administration minister Manoharrao Naik and chief commissioner of FDA Mahesh Zagade met Jaggannath Shinde and Anil Navander of Maharashtra State Chemists and Druggists Association at Mumbai to discuss the events that led to the chemists threatening the non-cooperation movement. After the meeting, it was decided to call off the protest in the interest of the people.Around 50,000 chemists of the state had declared that they would only keep their shops open between 10am and 6pm for a week to protest FDA's stance of sticking to rules rather than thinking of public interest. They had also been demanding clarity in rules to be followed, rather than oral instructions like the ones against honouring prescriptions of non-allopathic practitioners. They also thought of FDA's drive against the dealers selling MTP kits as illogical and wanted a clear stance on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812995", "title": "Runway shortened after jet-blast blows off fence", "text": "MUMBAI: Flights departing from the city airport will have a shortened runway as the take-off point on the main runway was shortened by 300m on Tuesday, after a jet-blast from a cargo plane blew off the safety deflectors near the departure end. The take-off point has been pushed in so that in absence of deflectors, jet-blasts do not hit the slums nearby.Flights departing from Mumbai airport will have a shortened runway for a take-off in the coming days. The take-off point on the main runway was shortened by 300 meters on Tuesday, after a strong jet-blast from a cargo plane blew off the safety deflectors near the departure end of the main runway (09-27). The take-off point has been pushed inside to keep the jet-blast from departing aircraft from hitting the slums in the absence of the blast deflectors.Around 2.30am on Monday, the fence or the jet-blast deflector was found blown off near the 27 end of the main runway, which is also the take-off point. Portions of the fence also landed on some hutments in the nearby Shastri Nagar slum, triggering panic among residents who were fast asleep at that hour. Though airport authorities said the reason for the collapse was unclear, some officials said 16.5 m of the fence was perhaps blown away due to a strong jet-blast from a wide-bodied cargo aircraft. Though the main runway was shut for two hours, flights were not much affected as the secondary runway was in use. \"Planes cannot take off from the edge of the main runway, which is 3,445 m long, as the deflectors haven't been replaced yet and blasts from aircraft can hit the nearby hutments directly. So, departing aircraft will have to move 300m inwards and then roll full throttle,\" an airport source said. This may also mean that airlines will have to take less cargo loads owing to a shorter take-off length. \"But no circular has yet been issued as the wind conditions are normal and may not require airlines to shed loads,\" a senior airport official said.The blast also damaged two antennas of the localizer of the instrument landing system on the southern (09) end of the main runway. \"Though that part is seldom used for operations, it is crucial to have ILS functional for emergencies,\" an airport official said. The separation between arriving flights has been increased by a mile. \"Take-offs will take a bit longer due to shortened length. The separation between arriving flights has also been increased from seven miles to eight,\" a source said.DGCA officials who inspected the site will prepare a report. The MIAL confirmed the incident, but not that of the shortening of the runway.Though jet-blasts are nothing new for the slum dwellers in the area, the incident took them by surprise. \"Everyone is prepaed for a jet-blast-like situation. A plane emits hot air with such intensity and speed that if one is not aware, he will be thrown off balance.But on Monday night, our tin roofs flew off,\" a resident said. In 2008, a man died after a wall of a hutment caved in due to jet-blast. \"We have got used to it by now- the noise and the sudden air blast. We only need to be careful and constantly on our toes to avoid getting carried away,\" said Saeeduddin Khan, another resident.WHAT IS A JET-BLASTIt is a strong gust of warm air that an aircraft engine blows out while taking off.EFFECTS OF JET-BLAST:Part of the blast deflectors erected around the airport was blown off.Some part landed on the roofs of hutments at Shashtri nagar slums causing panic among residents.Two localizer antennas were also damaged on the southern end of the runway.The take-off point has been pushed in by 300 meters due to the absence of a fence pending DGCA investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14814217", "title": "PA Sangma gets support from an unexpected quarter in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The entry of former Lok Sabha speaker and Meghalaya chief Minister, Purno Agitok Sangma in the presidential elections has not only infused an element of electoral battle, but also scuttled Pranab Mukherjee's dream to emulate former President Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy, who was elected unopposed. Lending support to Sangma's campaign in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh is the National Youth Party, which busy gathering support from various quarters of UP's electoral college. In a candid interaction, president of National Youth Party RK Singh exudes confidence that the going may not be very smooth for UPA candidate and the former Lok Sabha speaker may spring a surprise. Excerpts from the interviewQ1. What role is National Youth Party going to play in the coming presidential election?Before the entry of PA Sangma in the presidential polls, it was assumed that Pranab Mukherjee would be elected unopposed. However, the same could not be said now. Though National Youth Party is a small and young party, yet we have been able to establish contacts with 5-6 UP legislators, which include two Independent legislators, who have assured us that they would do their best to help PA Sangma. In the process, we have painted a picture of national integration, as a candidate belonging to India's north-eastern region is getting support from parties situated in the Hindi heartland.Q2. Is it a new party floated by PA Sangma to revive his political identity?It is too far fetched to say this at this point of time. NYP would welcome Mr Sangma, and if becomes a part of the party, both will grow and help each other.Q3. How much support and assurances have you got from the people you have cont acted so far?We are in constant touch with bigger as well as smaller parties. And as far as assurances are concerned, the non-controversial personality of the former Meghalaya chief minister itself gives the biggest assurance to each and every one. We have seen his working as the speaker of the Lok Sabha. Without nursing an iota of bias, he conducted the proceedings of the Lok Sabha smoothly. And, when we had Sikh President, a dalit President and even a woman President, what is the harm in having a person from North-east (who is also a tribal) as the President of India?Q4. Do you feel that Sangma can pose any threat to Pranab Mukherjee, who has already got support of most of the opposition political parties?I have a gut feeling that the final results of the presidential polls may surprise you. So wait and watch.Q5. Sangma had raised the issue of Pranab Mukherjee holding offices of profit, but it has filed to cut any ice. Do you think, that legislators across India will listen to their conscience and exercise their votes?You see voting based on one's conscience has neither been a trend nor a pattern in the Indian presidential elections. However, this time, with Mr Sangma in the fray, we can expect something else. And we are getting information that members of the electoral college of north-eastern states may do not endorse their party's line of thought.Q6. What makes you feel that National Youth Party will be able to get the mission accomplished?We are a small party in comparison to all the national parties in India. We started our political journey in 2008, and in 2009 Lok Sabha polls, we fought for the first time (Sultanpur parliamentary constituency). In 2012 UP assembly elections, we fought at eight assembly seats. And we are planning to contest 150 Lok Sabha seats in the coming Lok Sabha election. The party has established its bases in Arunachal Pradesh, Sikkim, UP, Bihar, Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana, and our party workers are in constant touch with the state legislators and convince them to go for PA Sangma.Q7. Any specific issues you wish to take up in the presidential polls?All we want is to send a message to send a message of national unity to the countrymen. If PA Sangma wins with the support of legislators belonging to non-NE states, then it would play a wonderful role in minimising the existing communication gap between the Hindi heartland and the north-eastern states. It will also strengthen democracy throughout the country.Q8. Is the party having any specific plan for the vice-president's election?As of now, we are yet to think on these lines. The party will decide after the major political parties declare their candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14815219", "title": "Amritsar resident killed while paragliding", "text": "SHIMLA: A resident of Amritsar was killed after the paraglider he was flying met with an accident in Khajiar area of Chamba district on Monday evening. Cops registered a case under Section 304A of IPC against the pilot who also receiving serious injuries. Surprisingly, paragliding is banned in Khajiar as the area falls in a wildlife sanctuary. Waking from slumber, the government has now directed the deputy commissioners of all districts to seize illegal paragliders operating in the state.Manvinder Singh, 41, a resident of Amritsar had come to Khajiar on vacation with his family and seeing paragliding activity being carried out there, he asked his children to wait and himself went for a ride. Owner of the paraglider, identified as Pappu, flew with him, but after a while they met with an accident and they fell into a maize field in Kakela village of Kohaldi panchayat.Tourism director Arun Kumar Sharma said an inquiry has been ordered into the incident and all the deputy commissioners have been asked to act against illegal paragliding operators in their districts. \"In Khajiar, the pilot was not having any licence, so directions have been issued to check permission documents of all paragliders and to confiscate those being flown illegally,\" he said.After the accident, Chamba SP Kuldeep Sharma claimed that in a written communication he had warned the forest and wildlife officials of the accident due to illegal operation of paragliders in the area. \"As area comes under wildlife sanctuary, the police can't act there. Action was to be taken by wildlife officials,\" Sharma said.While paragliding sport has taken the shape of industry with hundreds of people in Kullu, Kangra and Chamba districts earning there livelihood by providing joy rides to tourists, the tourism department of the state has miserably failed in ensuring the safety of tourists.Following the death of Amristar resident, now the police are claiming that notices have been issued by the wildlife department to paraglider pilots in Khajiar, while tourism officials in Manali are claiming that they conduct surprise raids to check whether paragliders are being flown by train pilots and whether proper security measures are being taken by them.But sources informed them, while it is mandatory to have an ambulance in standby while gliding, no one cares for it. While in Khajiar now cops are claiming that only 7-8 people are into illegal paragliding operation, in Kullu 83 pilots have applied for licence against the actual number of around 200 pilots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14814383", "title": "NH-24 to be widened soon", "text": "NOIDA: Widening of the NH-24 between the Delhi border and Dasna into a six-lane corridor is finally going to start this month after the Noida Authority and National Highways Authority of India met on Tuesday and gave approval to the project. While tenders for the proposed project will be released later this month, the widening is estimated to cost Rs 150 crore.The broadening of the 21km stretch from UP Gate to Dasna, which is used by over 2 lakh vehicles on a weekday, will bring relief to commuters who often get caught in long jams. \"Once this project is complete, it will improve connectivity between Delhi and parts of Ghaziabad and Noida,\" said Pramanshu Kumar, Additional CEO, Noida Authority. \"The expansion of NH-24 is of utmost importance. Given the traffic load on the stretch, the widening work will now be fast tracked to avoid any further delay,\" Kumar said.After the widening, an additional lane of 3.5m width will be available on either side of the carriageway. The ACEO said that five underpasses would be constructed at regular intervals so that traffic between Noida and Indirapuram would be smooth without going to NH-24.Presently, the four-lane road from Ghaziabad border to Dasna is one of the most congested highway corridors in the country. Once completed, this stretch would become almost signal-free. Unlike the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, this stretch will not be a toll road. Sources said this decision was taken considering that a large section of the traffic using this stretch is local. The traffic on this road is expected to grow in view of increased occupancy in residential areas along NH-24, including Indirapuram and Crossings Republik, the two big sub-cities of Ghaziabad.Though the plan for the widening of the stretch was conceived almost six years ago, somehow it did not take off. Due to traffic congestion on UP border-Dasna stretch, the exercise to develop it as a six-lane route was re-started three years back.The NH-24 starts from Nizamuddin from Delhi and ends at Lucknow via Hapur, Moradabad, Bareilly and Sitapur. The stretch between Nizamuddin Bridge and Indirapuram is one of the busiest during peak hours. About two years ago, the daily traffic movement on this stretch was nearly 1.4 lakh passenger car units (PCUs). A traffic survey by Rites in 2008 showed that vehicular growth on this stretch had increased by almost 200% more than the highway's carrying capacity.In April earlier this year, the highway ministry had proposed to carry out the work of the widening on contract and a tender was also floated, but the plan was scrapped later. NHAI had then proposed to widen this portion as part of the Delhi-Meerut expressway project on build, operate and transfer (BOT-toll) mode. In that case, private developers would have financed the entire project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "14817847", "title": "Davinderjit's bat marks his arrival", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: The under-22 inter-district cricket tournament of Punjab Cricket Association (PCA) has led to a new discovery for the state - Davinderjit Singh Sidhu. A right-hand middle order batsman, he impressed with a handsome 300 runs that he scored in five matches.Davinderjit's coach Charanjeet Singh says the Ludhiana District Cricket Association was not aware of his potential until the tournament. \"His ton and two half centuries against different districts proved his mettle,\" says the coach.Having scored 300 runs in five matches of U-22 PCA inter-district tournament, Davinderjit Singh Sidhu says the outing was memorable as he contributed satisfactorily with the bat for his team. \"I hit a ton against Chandigarh (112) and scored 80 runs against Jalandhar on their home ground. In the last match we played against Patiala in Ludhiana, I scored a half century, but we lost the match unfortunately,\" he adds.The 18-year-old says he has been polishing his batting skills for five years at LDCA's coaching centre at Arya College under Charanjeet. Davinderjit, who has earlier played in U-16 and U-19 teams of Ludhiana, says he will try and perform consistently to make it to the Ranji team.The Pakhowal Road resident says he would do anything to perfect his on drive like that of Sachin Tendulkar's. \"My father Sarbjit Singh Sidhu inspires and motivates me all the time to achieve my goal,\" says Davinderjit.He adds that apart from concentrating on his batting, he also gives a lot of importance to his agility on the field. \"I work on my fitness regularly and try to save as many runs as I can when fielding,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14816864", "title": "Arjun Munda inaugurates power station", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Tuesday inaugurated a power substation at Jagannathpur village on the borders of Jharkhand, West Bengal and Odisha which will light up around 75 villages in East Singhbhum district.The substation has been built at a cost of around Rs 8 crore in Bahragora block. Funds for the substation have been given from the Centre-sponsored Integrated Action Plan for the Maoist- hit districts.The online inauguration of the power substation was done by the chief minister from his residence in the presence of senior government officials, including principal secretary state energy department Vimal Kirti Singh and chairman of the Jharkhand State Electricity Board S N Verma.Munda said the power station would not only light up houses in 75 villages but would also help improving agriculture and boost production in a large number of cottage and small scale industries.\"I expect that the villagers and businessmen of the area will make the best use of electricity. I hope that in the times to come farmers will utilize the power and opt for multiple crop system instead of existing mono crop,\" said Munda. At present, most of the farmers harvest one crop in a year because of lack of irrigation facility. \"Now when the electricity has reached the village, they can install deep tube well at their plot and irrigate the field when there is no rain.\"Sources in the chief minister's office said Bahragora, strategically located on the national highway, was close to Bengal and Odisha. It also has a large number of small and cottage industries. \"We expect that the availability of uninterrupted power to the area will help improve production in saw mills and rice mills in the area,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14815220", "title": "Last member of T P Chandrasekharan killer gang gives up", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With the surrender of K Shinoj, the gang of seven that hacked RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan is behind the bars. At 3pm on Tuesday, Shinoj, along with C K Rejikanth, accused of accompanying the vehicle used by assailants to identify TP, surrendered before Vadakara judicial first class magistrate court.While Rejikanth has been remanded in police custody for 10 days, Shinoj has been sent to judicial custody for 14 days. Shinoj, who hails from Pallur in Mahe, is also accused in the murder of two RSS workers at New Mahe in 2009. Sijith had told the SIT that Shinoj was person who hacked TP several times to ensure that he was dead. Sijith sustained an injury on his hand when he tried to pull Shinoj into the vehicle. Rejikanth, who hails from Paral near Thalassery, was driving in front of the Innova car when TP was assaulted at Vallikad.The other six members of gang were nabbed from various parts of south India by the special investigation team. While Kodi Suni, Kirmani Manoj and Muhammed Shafi were held from their hideout at Modakozhimala near Iritty, Sijith was arrested from Mysore. T K Rajeesh was picked up from the Goa-Maharashtra border and M C Anup, who drove the Innova car, was held from Bangalore.The SIT is planning to move the court with the petition to conduct an identification parade for Shinoj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14812959", "title": "P Chidambaram likely to return as finance minister by August", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister P Chidambaram, who may take charge of the finance ministry before Parliament's monsoon session begins early next month, on Tuesday indicated that the government has lined up measures to boost revenue collection and control unnecessary expenditure.\"I think the prime minister-cum-finance minister is contemplating a number of measures to tighten revenue collection and to control wasteful expenditure. We have already imposed across-the-board cut on non-plan expenditure. That will help,\" an agency report quoted Chidambaram as saying in Bangalore.The statement came amid strong indications that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh may ask Chidambaram to take over as finance minister ahead of the monsoon session likely to begin around August 7. Sources described his return to the finance ministry as a strong likelihood, although finding his replacement in the home ministry is proving to be a challenge.The PM has been holding charge of the ministry since Pranab Mukherjee resigned on June 26 to contest the presidential polls. However, sources close to the PM feel that the arrangement cannot be continued for long.Having twice served as finance minister, Chidambaram is seen as a safe pair of hands at a time when the economy has hit a rough patch. His appointment as Mukherjee's successor before the monsoon session will also spare the prime minister the tough job of answering Parliament when the economy has become a hot button issue.The consideration is the reason why the lack of an obvious alternative in the home ministry may not come in the way of his shift to the other end of North Block. Sources said power minister Sushilkumar Shinde , who is tipped to replace Mukherjee as leader of Lok Sabha , is emerging as a strong probable for the home ministry. Although he lacks the vigour that Chidambaram showed when he took charge of the ministry post-26/11, the dalit politician from Maharashtra is seen as having an edge because of the rich experience he accumulated during various stints, including chief ministership.Chidambaram, who has endured a relentless opposition offensive to re-emerge as a key player, is already fully engaged with economic issues. He has been appointed the head of the empowered group of ministers on spectrum, an appointment which was meant to signal the PM's confidence in him in the face of opposition's charge of collusion with former telecom minister A Raja.The revamped ministerial panel is meeting on Friday to set the stage for auction of spectrum which will also help improve the government's finances.On Tuesday, Chidambaram, while identifying the global economic situation as the main culprit for the domestic slowdown, acknowledged that some of the factors responsible were local. \"UPA-2 has gone through some difficulties. Some of the difficulties may be of our own making. Most of the difficulties (on the economic front) are because of the international situation,\" an agency report quoted him saying.He also referred to his last tenure in the finance ministry, stressing, according to the agency report, that during UPA-1, the economy clocked an average 8.5% growth.He said 2011-12 was a bad year during which the country achieved a GDP growth of 6.5% which is \"not enough\" for a developing country like India where millions of people are in poverty. \"We need to grow at a faster rate. We need to create more jobs,\" he said, adding India needs to grow at over 8% or perhaps at 9%.Despite the difficulties, Chidambaram said the UPA government has identified the problems and the PM was addressing these issues. \"We know the problems. We are addressing the problems,\" he said, according to the agency report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813161", "title": "Police register fresh case in quarrel between 2 actors, security guard held", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have registered a case against a man at whose house in Gopalapuram two actors came to blows during a party on Saturday night and arrested the security guard who prevented police from entering the house.Following a call to the control room late on Saturday night, a patrolling team led by special sub-inspector Jayaraman went to verify the call. However, the security guard at the house, Anbalagan, didn't allow them to enter. He said the residents were asleep after a party and locked the door from inside.When the police team tried to enter through another door, the 'VIPs' fled through the other gate. Later, police inspector Rajasekar rushed there and the security guard allowed the team inside.\"There was no one there except the house owner and a few of his friends. Neither the complainant, actor Mahath, nor the accused named in the first information report, actor Manoj Manchu, were there,\" Royapettah assistant commissioner of police K Ramachandran told TOI.Based on the complaint of SSI Jayaraman, the Royapettah police registered a case under IPC Sections 341 (wrongful restraint), 353 (preventing the government servant to execute their work), 294 (b) (abusing) and 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation) and arrested Anbalagan.Earlier, police launched a search in all government hospitals in the city for the injured Mahath who lodged a complaint at 9am on Sunday. Based on his complaint, police registered a case against Manoj Manchu and three others.Police have also launched a hunt for actor Manoj Manchu, who is believed to be abroad. Manoj Manchu is the son of Mohan Babu, an actor-cum-producer in the Telugu film industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14815389", "title": "Gowda does a Yeddyurappa, demands his pound of flesh", "text": "BANGALORE: What was to be a smooth transfer of power between chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and Jagadish Shettar turned into a mini-revolt on Tuesday, with Gowda's supporters demanding he be named state party president. Shettar was elected leader of the BJP's legislature wing and will be sworn in as CM on Thursday.The legislature party meeting turned out to be a headache , turning uglier by the hour, for central observers Arun Jaitley and Rajnath Singh . Gowda adopted the belligerence of BS Yeddyurappa \u2014 the man responsible for his ouster \u2014 and bargained for posts for himself and his followers. The meeting, scheduled for 11am, was delayed by over five hours as the 55-MLA Gowda camp threatened they would stay away if Jaitley and Singh didn't promise that Gowda would be accommodated as state president and KS Eshwarappa made deputy CM.The outgoing CM questioned the central leaders about the propriety of the meeting. Gowda, who heads the legislature wing, pointed out that he had not called the meeting. \"Only a legislature party leader can convene a meeting on a directive of the state president. But neither me nor the state president has scheduled such a meeting,\" he told Jaitley and Singh.The deadlock is yet to end. Gowda had planned to resign before the start of the legislature party meeting, but postponed it to Wednesday after the central leaders promised to resolve the crisis by Wednesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14814886", "title": "27-year-old National Institute of Virology employee catches H1N1 influenza", "text": "PUNE: A 27-year-old employee of the National Institute of Virology (NIV), Pashan, tested positive for swine flu on Tuesday. He is the sixth person to test positive for H1N1 influenza in city since the beginning of this month.\"The man works at NIV's Pashan campus. His condition is stable and he is recovering,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health (MoH), Pune Municipal Corporation.He developed symptoms on July 6, following which he consulted NIV's in-house doctor. His throat swab tested positive for swine flu on July 10.Mohan Kadam, in charge of housekeeping and security at NIV said, \"The man is an employee in the maintenance department and lives with his family at Vardhane Society, Sus road.\"The condition of another patient, a 55-year-old man from Ganeshnagar who was put on ventilator support on Monday, continues to be critical.The first swine flu casualty this monsoon was reported from Navi Mumbai when a 13-year-old girl from Belapur died of swine flu infection at a private hospital in Navi Mumbai.Swine flu - like any other flu - is a respiratory infection. It exploits a weakened immune system to attack major organs, especially lungs. When it gets into the lungs, it can lead to pneumonia, which can be fatal. The flu can also cause secondary infections to the body, which can lead to failure of vital organs and death.The symptoms of swine flu are similar to the symptoms of regular seasonal influenza and include fever, lethargy, lack of appetite and coughing. Some people with swine flu have also reported a runny nose, sore throat, nausea, vomiting and diarrhoea.When contacted, infectious disease expert Bharat Purandare said, \"There is no need to panic. People should maintain healthy habits, exercise regularly and get proper sleep. Frequent hand-washing is a must during this period as the monsoon provides a conducive set-up for all kinds of influenza viruses, including swine flu. People should consult doctors and vaccinate themselves against the swine flu.\"\"Cases of upper respiratory tract infection (URTI) - both viral and bacterial - have gone up in the last few weeks as have the number of people with severe throat infection and high grade fever. There are also occasional cases of malaria and viral hepatitis,\" said physician Chandrashekhar Phansalkar.Taking medicine without consultation and delaying treatment can aggravate the condition, said paediatrician Sharad Agarkhedkar, former president of the Indian Medical Association (IMA).In 2010, the World Health Organisation had warned that during the change of season, there would be sporadic seasonal outbreaks of swine flu for a couple of years before the virus dies out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhangar (south 24-parganas)", "code": "14813347", "title": "Goons barge into CPM meet, attack Abdur Rezzak Mollah", "text": "BHANGAR (SOUTH 24-PARGANAS): Goons allegedly close to Trinamool Congress strongman Arabul Islam barged into a CPM party office in Bhangar around noon on Tuesday and attacked the leaders, including former minister Abdur Rezzak Mollah and local MLA Badal Jamadar. The gang hurled bombs in the crowded Bijoyganj Market before gate-crashing the CPM meeting.The mob was armed with sticks and pistols and allegedly took Arabul's name.Mollah was pushed around and narrowly escaped a lathi blow on the head, say sources. Some other CPM men were beaten up. The mob ransacked the office and smashed motorcycles belonging to CPM members. Islam did not deny the incident but claimed that the attack was carried out by local residents and not Trinamool workers. He also warned that the \"locals\" may attack again if CPM leaders \"continue to make provocative statements against Mamata Banerjee\".Though Mollah and the others lodged a police complaint, no one had been arrested till late evening. The former minister announced a massive protest meeting at Bhangar for Thursday afternoon.Senior Trinamool minister Subrata Mukherjee defended Arabul, saying: \"I am saying with full responsibility that Arabul wasn't there. Abdur Rezzak Mollah was speaking in filthy language and there was a reaction from the common people. This incident has nothing to do with our party at all.\"The CPM-led Krishak Sabha was holding a meeting on price rise when the incident took place. \"Around noon, we heard bombs exploding outside. Though people got a little apprehensive, the meeting continued. Minutes later, 20-30 people pounded up the stairs and barged into our room. They warned that no meeting or rally could be organized in the area without Arabul's permission,\" Jamadar said.Mollah said: \"They started beating Tushar Ghosh. When I went to his rescue, the mob didn't spare me. They pushed me out of the party office.\"\"Such incidents have become common. Whenever we gather for a meeting, there is an attack. The Trinamool leadership doesn't want us to meet,\" Jamadar alleged.CPM district secretariat member Tushar Ghosh, who was at the meeting, countered Arabul's allegations. \"It was a closed-door meeting and we weren't even discussing the Trinamool or Mamata. How could people outside know what was going on,\" he asked.Mollah, never known to mince words even with his own party, accused Trinamool of adopted this strategy to deny the CPM the right to organize meetings. He said he has been followed by goons on several occasions. All this started after the Trinamool came to power in 2011, he said.Additional SP Kankar Prasad Barui said he had \"heard of the incident\" but wasn't aware of what the CPM leaders had said while lodging their complaint. \"We shall go through the complaint and then decide whether there is any need to take action against the accused,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14817616", "title": "Has Madhuri done more for dance than Saroj Khan?", "text": "Model-turned-actor Bhairavi Goswami gets vocal about the BMC land controversy regarding Madhuri Dixit-Nene's dance academyMadhuri Dixit-Nene has been in the middle of a controversy and the reason behind this is the issue of setting up a dance academy. Reports had recently claimed that the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation had identified 100 plots in the western suburbs for Madhuri's dance academy after the actor had expressed a desire to set up a multi-genre dance school.This issue of allotting a plot of land to Madhuri had come under the scanner. Model-turned-actor Bhairavi Goswami, who had been in the news after her controversial remarks against Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's pregnancy, took to microblogging to express her anguish.\"Madhuri needs free land to start a dance academy. BMC offers a list of 100 plots to choose from. Why? Has she done more for dance than Saroj Khan? What will be the cost of land allotted to Madhuri? Is the dance school justified? She will also teach a few ' gareeb' students free in a separate servant area,\" Bhairavi wrote on a sarcastic note.The actor further went on to ask, \"Why should BMC give away a land for free or as a subsidy, to someone who can easily afford it? In that case, why can't super models get free land to start grooming academy to teach English, to train ordinary girls become models? In fact, talents who are poor should be given these kinds of privileges. With due respect to Madhuriji, who is a living legend, I think she has done nothing good for the nation or state courtesy which she should be expecting huge favours in return!\"While Bhairavi was very vocal online and otherwise with her protest, recent reports suggested that BMC had clarified that no such action has been taken. \"All the calls and interviews about land being allotted to Madhuri when she can fully afford it have been successful. BMC says they will not allot any land,\" Bhairavi wrote.While the Madhuri controversy might have been sorted out, fact is there are huge number of celebs who keep on making requests to various governments to allot them free plots of land even when they can very well afford to buy them. If the issue is to actually do a service to the nation, wonder why musicians, actors and sportsmen don't generate money themselves to buy the plots of land without adding any financial pressure to the government. Is it a concern for philanthropy or an ego massage that makes them take the free-plot path?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14812860", "title": "No Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation plot yet for Madhuri Dixit's dance academy", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after reports claimed that the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has identified 100 plots in the western suburbs for actor Madhuri Dixit's dance academy, the BMC clarified that no such action has been taken.Shiv Sena leaders confirmed that Madhuri had approached the party's CEO Uddhav Thackeray. and the proposal is under consideration.Sena leaders have taken up the actor's plea with the BMC's estate department and are likely to present the proposal before the party's group leaders.Rahul Shewale, civic standing committee chairman, said, \"Madhuri had approached Uddhav to seek his help in finding a plot for her academy. We are discussing the matter with the estate department.\"Madhuri had expressed her wish to set up a dance academy after returning from America. At that time, she had said that she wants to start a multi-genre dance school, where various forms would be taught. A few months ago while inaugurating Uddhav Thackeray's virtual classroom the actress him of her dream project. Sources say Thackeray instructed the Mayor Sunil Prabhu and standing committee chairman of allotting her the requested 10,000 square feet plot.However when contacted, Madhuri's secretary Rakesh Nath denied that the actor has made any such demand to the BMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14817016", "title": "HC summons UP chief secy, DGP", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Tuesday directed the UP chief secretary, DGP, and director secondary education to appear before it on July 26 alongwith the relevant records to show what action has been taken in the matter of defalcation of huge amount of GPF in the education department.The order was passed by Justice Sudhir Agrawal on a writ petition filed by Giridhari Lal of Kanpur. Passing the order, the court directed the director secondary education to make inquiry in which director had found that the allegation of defalcation of GPF amount was correct, but no action was taken.Later by means of order dated April 4, 2012, the court had directed CBI to make inquiry in order to fix criminal responsibility. However, the court said the role of the state government and its officials was extremely unsatisfactory and it appears that they are sheltering the officials by inaction on their part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14817526", "title": "Sudhir Sharma's family locker yield Rs 23L cash, papers of 22 acre land", "text": "BHOPAL: The Income Tax officials recovered cash worth about Rs 23 lakh and documents relating to 22 acre of prime land from the bank locker of teacher-turned-mining magnet Sudhir Sharma on Tuesday in Vidisha district, sources close to income tax (I-T) department said.The I-T officials got the locker of the Sharma family with the State Bank of India (SBI) and Bank of Baroda at Kotra Sultanabad opened, they said.The taxmen are examining the lockers of Sharma, contractor-turned-billionaire Dilip Suryavanshi and their associates after carrying out raids at 60 places across the country during the last fortnight.Of the 24 lockers, 19 have been opened so far by the I-T officials across MP including the ones in the state capital, Indore and Jhabua.The taxmen are getting the lockers opened and simultaneously going through the documents, laptops, gadgets and voluminous papers recovered during the raids to assess the volume of the wealth, allegedly amassed disproportionate to the known sources of income by Sharma, Suryavanshi and their associates.I-T officials are treading cautiously in the ongoing investigation given that the raids have raked up a political storm with the opposition Congress asking Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to speak up over it alleging that he was close to Suryavanshi.On the other hand, the BJP seems to have come to the rescue of the two businessmen with its state chief Prabhat Jha daring the I-T officials not to indulge in the selective leak to tarnish the duo's image. Rather, last week he asked the taxmen to come on record over the raids.The two businessmen in question have expanded their business empire after BJP came to power in MP in December 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14818069", "title": "Techies in Odisha take to filmmaking to unwind", "text": "They are all engineers by profession but when it comes to their shared passion, all of them have a penchant for cinema. No, it's not just limited to watching films but making them too. Meet the group of creative youngsters from Bhubaneswar who are software engineers by the week and film-makers by the weekend!Says Mainak Ghosh who works as a senior software engineer with a private software firm in the city, \"My office starts at 10 in the morning and goes on till 11 at night. Though it's really hectic, I enjoy being in this profession since I love my job.\"Despite this schedule, Mainak knows how to switch off from office. \"I always wanted to be associated with the creative field but destiny had other plans for me. I hardly get any free hours during my working days. So, I spend my weekend working on my movies. I double up as an editor and a cinematographer. I have already edited a short film titled \" Boba Mukhosh\" that has been directed by my friend, Amartya (Bhattacharya),\" Mainak says.Amartya got smitten by the movie bug when he was in Kolkata. \"That's where I had worked with director Jeet Goswami on three of his films to learn the nuances of filmmaking. In Odisha, I tried to do something different. I wanted to be involved with a project that's new. I was convinced that if I came up with something good, I would be able to create a demand for it. For that, I needed to be an independent filmmaker where I would not face any commercial pressures,\" says Amartya, who works as a software engineer in a private firm in Bhubaneswar.Since his professional work is very demanding, Amartya does the pre and post-production work of his films before he comes into office. \"I shoot my movies over the weekends,\" he says. Amartya has already made two short films \u2014 \"For Thy Honour, Julius!!\" and \"Boba Mukhosh\" . Talks are on to send \"BM\" to the Seattle International Film Festival-2012. His next venture, \"At Home\", is on the floors and will be dubbed in Bengali and Odia. While the Bengali title of the movie is \"Neeloye Jokhon\", the Odia title is yet to be finalized. \"My forthcoming short film, \"At Home\" , is based on multiple social issues. An Odia movie producer had wanted me dub a Telugu movie in Odia. But I had declined that offer. I am not interested in commercial fare,\" Amartya insists.It's not just the technical aspect of filmmaking that has fascinated these techies. Payal Agarwal, who works as a senior systems engineer in a software firm, has acted in short films too. \"I have learnt Kathak and Bharatnatyam and am now learning contemporary dance in Odisha. It works as a great stress buster for me. I have also acted in some short films like \"Sanjeeda\" that was made by the Railway Protection Forces to create an awareness among the passengers. Then Amartya approached me to act in \"BM\" and \"AH\" . Since I hardly have time during the working days, I opt for shooting on the weekends.\"Seems like facing the camera as well as going behind it are both relaxing and rejuvenating for these youngsters.A sneak peek at their films At Home (Neeloye Jokhon) In the making Synopsis: The film is based on human needs and attachments. Every individual is in search of his comfort zone, a place where he feels at home. The story goes deep into the psychology of four characters and their reactions to circumstances and instincts. The film also ventures into social aspects to fight for the dignity of the deprived. There is also a close analogy drawn between human beings in a society and caged animals. In this film, two characters have been used symbolically \u2014 one to represent the face of the society and the other to represent the psychological part of it. This film is set for a bilingual dubbing in Odia and Bengali and will be subtitled in English as well.Boba Mukhosh (Translucence), 2012 Synopsis: The movie is based on a poem rather than a linear story. It has been made with the purpose of producing a unique and different flavour of visual art. This is a poetic psychodrama and the flow of the film is as erratic as the psychic pattern of a schizophrenic individual. A schizophrenic individual hallucinates and comes up with an image of a lady. Like all hallucinations, the lady vanishes into thin air, only with a hope to return again in a new manifestation. Expressions of the protagonist's mind have been depicted mostly through poems, and occasionally through songs and dialogues. Besides, the cinematic device of 'silence of noise' or the 'noise of silence' has also been used. Screened at the BBSR IT firm, the film is currently under consideration for Seattle International Shorts Film Festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14813913", "title": "Six months wait reduced to 20 days", "text": "BANGALORE: Passport applicants can look forward to the visit of external affairs minister SM Krishna to Bangalore next Monday.With a new digitized system on the anvil for police verification, applicants can now hope to get clearance from local police within 20 days of submitting their application. Krishna will visit Bangalore to have a look at the process.\"We have incorporated a new software which will have a four-digit code for each of the 627 police stations across Karnataka. Once the application is registered at the Regional Passport Office in Bangalore, it will digitally transfer the police verification form directly to the police station. The four-digit code will recognize the pin code of the post office of the applicant's residence and it will route the verification form to the jurisdictional police station as per the address,\" a spokesperson of the external affairs ministry said detailing the new process being worked out with the computer wing of Karnataka police.He said hitherto the time taken to clear the verification forms manually was a minimum of six months. In this system, all verification forms are sent to the commissioner's office from where they are rerouted to the relevant police station. \"This procedure is time consuming. Now, physical verification of finding the applicant and his residence is the only manual procedure. Once digital verification forms reach the police station, it will automatically recognize the status of the applicant, whether he is involved in criminal cases or he has no cases against him by scanning the records automatically,\" the official spokesperson told TOI.He said the backlog has restricted the new digitized clearance to 20 days. \"Once the backlog is cleared, we hope to get the digital verification done within 6 days,\" he said. The new system will be very useful for the rural population in remote corners where the police,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14816733", "title": "'Corrupt Modi government dreads Lokayukta'", "text": "RAJKOT: The anti-Narendra Modi brigade led by former chief minister Keshubhai Patel launched their 'Bas Have to Satta Parivartan (all that we want is change of guard)' campaign in Bhavnagar with a stinging attack on Modi, describing him as \"magician\" who has created an illusion of development.Openly coming out against Modi, Keshubhai accused his government of being steeped in corruption and said this was reason why it is shying away from appointing a Lokayukta.\"If Lokayukta is appointed, several state ministers will have to go to jail one by one. During my tenure, there was a Lokayukta and people had freedom to lodge complaints against anyone,'' he said.Giving a clarion call to locals to oust Modi government, he said, \"Bhavnagar is a land of warriors. If a warrior wakes up, cowards have to run for cover.\" \"I came into public as I want to play \"prajadharma\". I want to awaken people against injustice,'' he said.The event turned out to be a show of strength. Besides Patel, president of Mahagujarat Janata Party Gordhan Zadaphia, former chief minister Suresh Mehta, former Union minister Kashiram Rana and Mahuva BJP MLA Dr Kanubhai Kalsaria addressed the sammelan.Interestingly, Keshubhai also took a dig at BJP along with Congress, saying both the political parties are two sides of the same coin. The BJP dissidents have planned 'parivartan sammelans' across the state in a bid to \"expose\" Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814643", "title": "Industrial land in plenty, but no facilities", "text": "NAGPUR: The district has over 5,500 hectare of industrial estate, with plans to add another 7,500 hectares. However, even as there is no dearth of space for setting up factories here, the lack of basic amenities continues to dog industrial estates.Interestingly, there are other estates in rest of Vidarbha also, including a 1,000 hectare special economic zone (SEZ) coming up near Amravati.The 2,400 hectare Butibori estate of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) was dubbed Asia's biggest when it came up in late 1990s. However, even today units here complain of not having proper power supply as well as hitches in water availability. The oldest such industrial estate, Hingna MIDC, which is spread over 754 hectares, also has similar problems along with bad roads.Among other land, there's also the 1,500 hectare of the Mihan-SEZ, being developed by Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC), near the city. Though it has attracted IT bigwigs, many prospective investors are wary due to lack of basic facilities for smooth operations, especially power at affordable rates. None of the IT majors have started operations yet, though the recession is also to blame for this.The promised power supply at concessional rate of Rs2.93 a unit is not available yet. Although the dedicated power plant is ready and transmission line finally set up, power cannot be supplied at this rate till the tariff is approved by Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC). The MERC order is awaited.The existing investors at Mihan-SEZ are managing with costlier power from MSEDCL. The street lights cannot be lit up for want of power from the dedicated plant. There are problems on the water supply front too, since the promised fully-treated water is not being supplied. Internet cables too have been laid, but two of the three operators that bagged the contract have not started operations. The investors may be comfortable with the price of land in Mihan-SEZ, but all of them express reservation about the quality of infrastructure.The state government has also recently completed acquisition of land to expand the Butibori estate by 1,500 hectare. There is also a proposal for a 6,000 hectare industrial township under central government's national investment manufacturing zone (NIMZ) scheme near Kuhi.However, since years units at Butibori have not been getting uninterrupted power supply. Faulty distribution system leads to frequent breakdowns, despite dedicated feeders for Butibori industrial estate. \"Power failure also hampers water supply, as it shuts down the pumps,\" says Hemant Ambaselkar, honorary president of Butibori Manufacturers' Association (BMA).\"New water guzzling plants can also not check in at existing the Butibori estate, since the present effluent treatment plant is being operated to its optimum capacity of 5 MLD. Technology to enhance the capacity is being worked out,\" added Ambaselkar.But, entrepreneurs already having plants at Butibori blame the problems on sheer lack of interest among authorities in developing the region. A section of the industrialists, though, also feel that many local entrepreneurs lack the enthusiasm to grow beyond a certain limit.Maharashtra industry secretary K Shivaji has a one-line answer regarding poor infrastructure in existing MIDCs. \"All the problems are being looked into and will be resolved soon,\" he says. About NIMZ, he claims that it will change the face of Vidarbha and will have the best infrastructure.A SEZ spread over 1,000 hectares is also coming up at Nandgaonpeth near neighbouring Amravati. The work began in 2009, but private company M/s Edelco, which was setting up the infrastructure, has dumped the project. It is learnt that the company is not finding the assignment feasible. The SEZ and Mihan were being dubbed as the major growth boosters for the region.All these estates are apart from several other smaller estates in other districts, which are vacant and lacking facilities, say sources. There are several smaller estates in other districts, called growth centres, which do not have basic facilities, says BC Bhartia, who has land in Gadchiroli Industrial Estate. The unit cannot operate due to lack of electricity, he says. There is a similar situation in other smaller estates, says Bhartia.Given the history of development of infrastructure, there is no chance these problems are going to be resolved any time soon. So, the only thing industrialists can do is to make the best of what is available, and keep praying for some improvement in the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14813499", "title": "Paying guest accuses landlord of rape", "text": "KOLKATA: A 23-year-old paying guest in Alipore has accused her middle-aged landlord of rape. She claims that he ignored her pleas to fix a latch in her room and forced himself on her in the wee hours of Monday.The girl mustered courage to file a complaint on Tuesday and police immediately took her for medical tests. She also recorded her statement before a magistrate. The accused, 40-year-old Indramadhab Bose, is absconding. His wife Ratna insists he is innocent.The Boses own a three-storey building at 77L Alipore Road, near Chetla police station, and had rented out three rooms on the first-floor to paying guests. Six women stayed in two rooms and the victim lived alone in the third room although it has four beds, said a police officer.The victim says that the latch in her room had almost given away and although she repeatedly told the landlord about it, he chose to ignore it. The day he came to take a look, the latch came off in his hands but he did not repair it, she says. She had to keep the door open at night. Around 2.30am on Monday, he sneaked into her room and raped her, she says. The others didn't hear anything because Bose muffled her, she alleges.The landlord left around 30 minutes later, allegedly threatening her not to tell anyone or go to the police. She says he made repeated threat calls to her all of Monday, but she refused to buckle and went to Chetla police station on Tuesday.The landlord's wife, Ratna, however, accuses the paying guest of lying. She is relatively new to the house and an acquaintance, Shantanu Modak, brought her on June 18, Ratna told TOI. \"She was out of work and told us that she would get a job soon and pay Rs 2,000 as rent on time. We took pity on her,\" Ratna said. \"The allegations are completely baseless. There is a deep conspiracy behind her allegations,\" she said. Police suspect that Ratna may not be speaking the entire truth. Bose had no other source of income, his wife says.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh said they are looking for the accused. None of the other paying guests heard anything that night, an investigator said, adding that they had not been able to talk to all of them because they were working women.The victim seemed in distress when TOI tried to talk to her. \"Please leave me alone. I don't feel well,\" she said, gasping for breath near the Alipore court complex. She claims to have been tortured by her parents for money and was driven out of the house when she refused, police say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "14815304", "title": "Monsoon flood threat cripples Ambala", "text": "AMBALA: Living in Ambala is like being entangled in a web of an unwholesome pallor. Three rivers originating from Himachal Pradesh are known to cause flooding in monsoon but steps to prevent any such possibility would never become a reality, it seems. The state government says it sanctions adequate funds to desilt the rainwater outlets in town but even then, overflowing is a persistent dilemma which kills people and damages property every year.Three persons died in the recent flashfloods here, including two kids, clearly exposing the blatant carelessness of the departments concerned in maintaining an affective drainage system. A resident of the city, Ashok Kumar , said it were only the casualties that put the administration in action. \"Three lives could have been saved if the administration had initiated some preemptive measures,\" Ashok rued.He said Ambala is a low-lying area and flooding is inevitable but it is always possible to deal with the situation. Businesses disrupted, life hampered; things are just not the same anymore, locals said.According to sources, Rs 40 lakh were allotted for desilting 90 nullahs that drain rainwater. Monsoon is here but work is still incomplete. Senior sanitary inspector Sunil Dat Sharma blamed the contractor for leaving the work undone. \"We cancelled his contract but we are trying to get the cleaning work completed soon,\" Sharma said.President of the Cloth Merchant Association Harcharan Singh said, \"Business worth crores is at stake but who cares for our safety.\"Administrative sources said the government allocated Rs 15 crore to the Ambala irrigation department to strengthen the edges of 12 small and big rivers adjoining Ambala including Tangri, Ghaggar and Markanada this year but the process was never completed. Executive engineer R K Gupta said they follow administrative procedures before initiating the work and no breach occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14813987", "title": "Former VC moves high court seeking transfer of his case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former vice-chancellor of Gujarat University Parimal Trivedi has filed a petition before the Gujarat high court seeking transfer of a case against him outside Ahmedabad. Trivedi is accused of making castiest remarks against a faculty member of GLS Arts College, Pankaj Shrimali, in 2008.Trivedi's counsel Mitesh Amin made a statement in this regard before additional sessions judge D V Jhala on Tuesday. Following this statement, the court deferred framing of charge against Trivedi till July 17. His plea before the HC may come up for hearing later in the week.On June 29, Trivedi had requested the judge not to preside over his case and had sought the transfer of the case to a court outside the district. He claimed that he was apprehensive that this court would not be able to give him justice and he would be convicted. However, the ex-VC gave no reason for his apprehension.On May 3, 2008, Trivedi had allegedly hurled castiest remarks against Shrimali in the university premises. During the initial stage of investigation, all the witnesses backed out except senate member Prajapati.After a couple of years, a chargesheet came to be filed in the case earlier this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14814919", "title": "HC relief for ST students", "text": "AURANGABAD: Students belonging to the scheduled tribe (ST) category seeking admission to health science courses got a respite on Monday, when the Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court directed the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) to accept their preference forms with an undertaking that they would submit their caste validity certificate within three months.ST category student Pallavi Kaletwad from Nanded and others had challenged the rule 9 of MHT-CET 2012, according to which they were required to submit their caste validity certificate at the time of filling preference forms. The process of filling in the forms began on July 3 and will be on till Wednesday.\"The rule 9 also provided that students from reserved categories, except ST, were to submit only caste certificates and later submit caste validity certificates within a specific period,\" said Sunil Vibhute, the petitioners' lawyer.Vibhute argued that the rule 9, which makes only ST category candidates submit caste validity certificates with the preference forms, was unreasonable, discriminatory and without any legal base. The petitioners sought necessary direction to the DMER which conducted the MHT-CET 2012 (for admission to various health science courses) to allow them to fill the preference forms, as is being done in the case of the candidates belonging to other reserved categories.Following the arguments, justices N H Patil and S B Deshmukh directed the DMER and all regional authorities concerned in Maharashtra to accept the preference forms of the ST students, provided they give an undertaking with proof showing that their caste claim was pending with the caste scrutiny committee.The court also made it clear that all these admissions should be provisional and subject to the decision of the caste verification committee on point of validity of certificates.The additional government pleader, Archana Gondhalekar, represented the government and director of medical education. The next hearing on the petition is on July 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14812947", "title": "Khandu Rangnekar: Miracle child who excelled on the field", "text": "Decades ago lived a woman, each of whose kids died soon after birth. One by one, she lost five children. Deepened by sorrow, she made a vow to God Khandoba at Jejuri, to make an offering if she gave birth to a son.Soon, a boy was born to her. For four years, all was well and the boy was growing fine when all of a sudden he suffered from gastroenteritis while traveling with his parents. No medicine could work on him.Exasperated, the mother again set out for Jejuri. As she climbed the 950 huge rock steps to reach the 700 feet high temple, the little boy became unconscious.With tears in her eyes, she begged to god to save the life of her sixth child. Within 10 minutes, the boy regained consciousness. Before the mother could even fathom this miracle, she ogled as the 4-year-old ran down the steps of the temple with an unearthly speed.His speed only increased with age. It took him to the peak of cricket and badminton. Not only did he play cricket for India, he also became the national doubles badminton champion. This child of god was Khandu Rangnekar.Khandu Rangnekar was one of the best left-handed batsmen in Indian cricket. At the same time, he was also among the best badminton players in the country.The peculiar thing was that while he batted left-handed, he bowled with the right hand and even played badminton with his right hand. He reached the finals of the national championship of badminton, but could not clinch the singles title and ended up winning the doubles with DG Mugve.During a 1944 Pentangular match between Hindus and Muslims at the Brabourne stadium, Rangnekar took a brilliant catch of star batsman Gul Mohamad.The then skipper CK Nayudu was well-known to not show emotions, but even he was so thrilled that he hugged Rangnekar for five minutes.Rangnekar's 91-year-old wife Vimaltai, who lives in Aurangabad with son Avinash, has preserved that ball with an autograph of her husband.Two innings of Rangnekar are well reminisced by old timers. The first one was in 1940-41 when at Poona, Maharashtra scored 675 runs with Professor Deodhar scoring 246. The commentator, AFS Talyarkhan was so confident of Bombay's batting that he would say on the mike: \"Bombay 75 for 2, now needing 601 to win\".At stumps on the fourth day, Rangnekar was 160 not-out with the score being 500 for 6 wickets. Everyone knew till Rangnekar was at the crease, Bombay had an excellent chance of winning.The next day, he reached a glorious double-century with a lovely extra-cover drive for four.Just then, right under the gaze of the large audience, a boy of about 16 walked up to Rangnekar and after shaking his hand, kissed him on both the cheeks.Rangnekar was so disturbed by the mode of affection showered on him that two balls later he made a careless stroke and got out. The two kisses cost Bombay the game. They lost by 25 runs.Another fine innings of his was in 1943-44 when Bombay played Baroda. At lunch-time, Bombay were 5 down 89 runs and Rangnekar joined Merchant.Merchant was apprehensive because he knew Rangnekar would go for his strokes straightaway, and probably lose his wicket in the process.Rangnekar always believed in aggressive play and providing entertainment to spectators, but more often than not, got out to bad balls.But that day Rangnekar curbed his natural tendency and concentrated on giving Merchant the strike.Together, they took the score from 89 for 5 to 279 for 5. Rangnekar was clean-bowled by CS Nayudu, when he was just two short of a century.His contemporary Madhav Mantri recalls, \"Khandu brought his attacking badminton skill on the cricketing field.He was an inspiration to teammates and boosted their confidence to face rival attack.As a fielder Khandu was the best cover-point fielder in the Indian team. It was a natural gift and an asset to the Indian team.\"Rangnekar was an excellent orator in both English and Marathi. He served the game as a selector and also as a vice-president of the BCCI .AFS Talyarkhan would refer to him as Bajirao. Ragnekar, later, also went on to become the Mayor of Thane and served for a long time with distinction.Khandu Rangnekar was a child of miracle. His mother begged for his life and promised devotion to the God in return. But the way he lived his life itself should have been a return enough for God.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14815436", "title": "Caste splits BJP down the middle", "text": "BANGALORE: Though BJP politics has revolved around the Lingayats, the present political turmoil has brought to the fore the clout of the Vokkaligas, with even the seers coming out in favour of outgoing chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda. The community has no qualms asserting itself in this internecine battle. Caste politics is not a new phenomenon in Karnataka, but has achieved big and bitter proportions in the recent past. The two dominant social groups --Lingayats and Vokkaligas --who till the 90s remained politically united and fought elections against the Congress, supported by the OBCs, dalits and minorities, are today divided vertically. Each group is angling for a major share of power. And in this fight, the beneficiary is going to be the JD(S). Despite Sadananda Gowda being projected as a Vokkaliga face in the BJP by the state Vokkaliga association and community seers, it is the JD(S) which has the community's support. DOMINATION IN SOUTH Vokkaligas as a social group constitute 17 % of the state population and are concentrated in the districts of South Karnataka -- Mandya, Hassan, Mysore, Bangalore (Rural), Tumkur, Kolar, Chikkaballapur and Chikmagalur. They are present in sizable numbers in Chitradurga, Shimoga, Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts. Mandya is the only district where Vokkaligas constitute more than half the district's population.Though various sub-groups exist in the community, a majority are the Gangadikar Vokkaligas. Das, Marsu, Bunts, Kunchitigas and Arebasi Vokkaligas are the other categories. Till recently, political unity among Vokkaligas was a political myth. While the Gangadikars supported various versions of the Janata Party of the late 70s, the other sub-groups had their own choices. While Arebasi Vokkaligas and Bunts supported the BJP in the coastal belt and Kodagu, Kunchitigas, Das and Marsus supported the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14812914", "title": "Viswanathan Anand opts out of Olympiad, Humpy in", "text": "PUNE: Five-time World champion Viswanathan Anand won't be a part of India's team for the chess Olympiad in Turkey , scheduled from August 27 to December 10. However, grandmaster K Humpy comes back after not being part of the last edition in 2010.The website of the biennial chess event states Indian teams as K Sasikiran, P Harikrishna, G N Gopal, Parimarjan Negi and Abhijeet Gupta (Open section) and K Humpy, D Harika, Tania Sachdev, Eesha Karavade and Mary Ann Gomes (women's team).World No. 5 Anand (Elo 2780) is not the only top name missing from the team. His second and six-time National champion Surya Shekhar Ganguly (2627) and former Olympian Sandipan Chanda (2618) haven't made the grade for not playing the National Premier championship in Aurangabad last year.Only those men players above Elo 2650 (and grandmasters in women's section) and National champions walked into the team. Others were picked on rating strength provided they played the National Premier.India could have had medal hopes if Anand, Ganguly and Chanda had played. Without them, a medal is nigh impossible, barring a miracle.Anand, Fide vice-president D V Sundar, AICF treasurer Ravindra Dongre and AICF secretary Bharat Singh Chouhan could not be reached for comment on Anand's absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14818020", "title": "Proposal to lease Green Park to Uttar Pradesh Cricket Association", "text": "KANPUR: Divisional commissioner Shalini Prasad held a review meeting with the district officials and entrepreneurs ahead of the proposed meeting with chief secretary slated to be held in Lucknow on Wednesday.The proposals for construction of a new airport in Ramabainagar district and giving Green Park Stadium to Uttar Pradesh Cricket Association ( UPCA) on lease for smooth commencement of matches were discussed.In a move to improve the condition of roads and traffic from Gol Chauraha to Mall road, Rs 5 crore will be spent. Three main routes, including patches of KESA tri-section-Makadi Kheda and Indiranagar, covering a distance of nearly 3.5 km, around 3.8-km-long and 250 ft wide stretch of Deep Talkies-Kidwainagar-Gaushala Chauraha-Tar Bangaliya, about 2 km long stretch of Jajmau-Nai Chungi-STP-Combined sewage pumping station, all coming under Kanpur Nagar Nigam, would be renovated with the assistance of public work department and urban development department.A sum of Rs 6.12 had been sanctioned for the uplift of Ganga barrage area. A sum of Rs 2 crore has already been released of the total budget of Rs 6.12 crore for the construction of approach road and development of 800 metres outer stretch of barrage. Rs 14 crore will be spent for the development of `bandha' road connecting Ganga barrage and Ranighat. The project will help regulate the flood water at Boat Club. Instructions in this regard have been passed on to Ganga Flood Control Commission, Patna, under which the project is pending.PWD would also construct the right embankment of Ganga barrage for which Rs 10 crore had been allocated. The irrigation department will take care of the renovation of an old `bandha' and the PWD would construct the road in the surroundings of both the 'bandhas'.The plan also includes construction of a new post-mortem house.Steps would also be taken to shift Tat Mill bus station from its present location and to relocate Transportnagar on the outskirts.The district jail will be shifted from the heart of the city to Ruma or Kalpi road, about 15-20 kms from the present spot. IG jail has asked KDA authorities to provide a suitable land for the district jail, which at present is existing near Reserve Police Lines.Prasad directed officials to conduct a survey at both the above spots in this regard.For special economic zone (SEZs), UPSIDC (Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation) had already acquired 1,151 acre of the total 1,200 acre of land in three villages - Shankarpur, Manbhawna and Kanhwapur close to Ganga barrage area in Unnao district. \"After opening of SEZ, a large number of people will get employment,\" UPSIDC chairman Manoj Singh said.He said: \"The corporation, which has to acquire around 1,200 acres of land, is still in the acquisition process and trying to pursue farmers in this regard for smooth commencement of SEZ.\"The district officials have send a work plan to the transport commissioner regarding the possibility of installing electronic meters on autos and taxis.Development plans have also been approved for the police station buildings where new structures had been proposed.Issue related to scrapping of nearly 50 km of rail line, which dots around 23 railway crossings and progress on the alternate Panki-Mandhana rail route scheme was also discussed in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14814295", "title": "Deadline extended for borewell registration", "text": "GURGAON: With only 85 borewell agencies out of 400 signing up for the first official registration drive in and around Gurgaon, the district administration has decided to extend the deadline further. Talking to TOI, the deputy commissioner, P C Meena, said the deadline would be extended 'tentatively by another 10-12 days.' He added that the new order would be issued within this week. Meena, who also holds the office of the district magistrate, passed the order mandating all boring and drilling agencies in the district to get official registration on June 26.\"We are going to extend the deadline further, so that more such agencies sign up, and we have a proper record of all those operating in the area,\" Meena said. He added that the enforcement and inspection teams appointed by the administration have already started rounding up illegal agencies and ceasing unregistered rigs. \"Since the orders were first issued, on an average, about two FIRs are being lodged every day against boring agencies and owners of illegal boring machinery. All our inspection teams and the Gurgaon police, are on the job,\" he said.By Tuesday, which was the official registration deadline, the groundwater cell of Gurgaon saw 85 registrations in all. \"We had a physical verification camp near the Leisure Valley Park. All machines were photographed, and given registration numbers. The owners of the agency were also photographed and their details entered into our official record,\" said the district hydrologist, S S Sehrawat.The registration drive began days after the death of the four-year-old girl, Mahi, who fell into an abandoned borewell ditch in her village in Manesar, and couldn't be saved despite an extensive, 86-hour-long rescue operation.Earlier this month, the district administration also announced a reward of Rs 500, plus a commendation certificate, for anyone giving information about open and abandoned borewell ditches in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814553", "title": "Organic growth story of organic farming", "text": "NAGPUR: Following in the footsteps of his father, 31-year-old Ashish Shinde from Anjangaon Surji village in Paratwada tehsil of Amravati district is promoting organic farming in all possible ways. His father Deepak Shinde had shown the way in the 1990s. Today, Ashish has expanded the area of work to almost the entire state. The membership in the firm his father started, Organic Farms, has gone up from around 3,500 in 1999 to over 4,700 now.Deepak Shinde had pioneered organic farming in Vidarbha and then started propagating it. As farmers joined him, he floated an NGO, Maharashtra Organic Farmers Association, with himself as secretary and Appasaheb Wankhede from village Amla in Daryapur tehsil as president. As the need to get produce certified grew, Shinde launched Organic Farms.\"In 1988, there were no organic certifying agencies in India. So my father researched and tied up with German company 'Agrisco' to certify produce from all 260 farmers in just two villages, Daryapur and Anjangaon,\" says Ashish.Being an agriculture graduate like his father, Ashish has an edge over other farmers in understanding the nuances of agriculture. \"I wanted to do post graduation, but father said things at ground level would not change much even if I completed doctorate in agriculture. He was right. So I am now expanding on his work,\" he said.\"The firm is now into export of soyabean and pulses. We are also undertaking organic cultivation and certification of pulses, vegetables and fruits,\" he said.The senior Shinde was influenced by the book 'The One Straw Revolution' by Masanobu Fukuoka from Japan. Shinde was a senior grader in Cotton Federation at Daryapur and Pulgaon. After reading the book, he bought 20 acre land and started experiments. Every Sunday, he would go to Mumbai to meet Rohidas Patil after they met at a fair in Dhule. Gradually, he became famous as a organic farming consultant and went around the country training and educating farmers.He also toured the USA and Poland , and came into contact with foreign buyers. He began promoting organic cotton, since he could buy all the cotton due to the federation's monopoly then and sell it in Kolkata market. \"My father maintained extreme transparency. He formed a committee for procuring cotton with representatives from farmers and buyers to decide the rate and the farmers share in the profit. If the profit percentage was 15%, at least 10% would go to farmers and remaining 5% to Organic Farms, the company that gave the organic certification,\" said Ashish.Shinde got support from Amravati collector Manisha Verma, who allowed a pilot project at Nimkhed Bazar village for residential training for farmers under the Agriculture Technology Management Agency (Atma) and trained 100 farmers daily. Now, the firm exports soyabean powder, guava, pineapple and mango pulp and juices, fresh fruits like grapes, pomegranate, safflower and sunflower oil and sells pulses and oil to Brahmaratan, a Delhi-based company, from many districts of the state.Shinde also started dal mills, oil mills, ginning mills, pulverizing units and cashew nut processing units under the guidance of Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth in 2003 at Nimkhed Bazar, which is proving handy for organic growers to ensure quality and avoid adulteration. The company also displays products at big fairs like World Organic Trade Fair-Biofach.\"For export, we need third party certification. Organic Farms has tied up with Reliable Analytical Lab and Microchem Silliker Lab at Mumbai. They test the produce for 147 chemicals at the port or airport. So, we have to maintain the same quality,\" said Ashish.Ashish did his bit after meeting Kavita Mukhi, who runs 'Conscious Food' outlets in Mumbai. She motivated him to diversify into vegetables, fruits, organic textiles and cosmetics. She also proposed a Sunday farmers market in Mumbai, which will complete three years this September.Ashish wants to fulfil all the dreams of his father, who died at an early age. \"I knew a lot of my father's contacts since I kept their accounts, and they are now helping me climb up the ladder,\" he says.BoxFuture PlansProduction of organic khaddar or handloom in association with Wardha-based Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Rural Industrialisation (MGIRI)Developing organic textiles and organic cosmeticsDeveloping organic Paithani silk dress material using organic dyes with support from Asmita Gaikwad, who works among tribals in Yeola village in NashikDeveloping organic mulberry silk in MumbaiOrganic milk production unit using Gir cows involving 100 farmers with cowsTraining institute for farmersImproving weekly farmers market in Mumbai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14815103", "title": "Fifty medical camps to be opened in district", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to thwart the spread of fever and communicable diseases, 50 medical camps will be opened in various parts of the district.A meeting of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) presided by district panchayat president Eldos Kunnappally, decided to sanction Rs 10,000 for operating each camp. The money will be used for buying medicines and providing basic facilities. A toll-free emergency help number will be provided for pregnant women, who seek medical care from government hospitals.It was also decided to set up Bhoomika , a programme that aims to prevent atrocities against women, in Paravoor.Plans to declare the district as the first district in the state with cent percent eye donors were also discussed. The programme aims to organize eye donation week and collect consent declaration from all adults in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14817755", "title": "Goverment fixes Rs 736 crore for Varanasi division", "text": "VARANASI: The state government has fixed a budget of Rs 736.14 crore for the current financial year for the districts falling under the juridisction of Varanasi division, including Varanasi, Ghazipur, Chandauli and Jaunpur.Divisional commissioner, Chanchal Kumar Tiwari, held a review meeting on Tuesday and asked the district magisterates of these districts to send the structure of district plan works to state government for approval by July 31. The budget for Varanasi district is Rs 15,562 lakh, Chandauli is Rs 9,905, lakh, Ghazipur is Rs 20,693 lakh and Jaunpur is Rs 27,454 lakh.Tiwari, meanwhile, directed P K Pandey, municipal comissioner of Varanasi, to carry out special drives to complete all pending works under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewable Mission ( JNNURM) that includes, cis Varuna and trans-Varuna drinking water supply, stormwater drainage, trans-Varuna sewage and solid waste management (SWM) as soon as possible.On queries on piles of garbage lying unattended instead of door-to-door collection of garbage, Pandey said presently only 350 MT garbage is being collected instead of 600 MT. From July 31, the garbage will be collected in its full capacity. Tiwari also directed that the Pandeypur-Azamgarh road has been opened and for public transport. Jal Nigam will be responsible for its upkeep.Tiwari also dircted that solar operated signals installed at prominent crossings of the city should get repaired by August 15.Tiwari also reviewd the work of old-age pension, construction of 29 Kasturba Gandhi Vidyalayas and community health centres. He directed that Kisan Credit Cards should be distributed to farmers by November 30.District magisterats (Varanasi) Saurabh Babu, DM (Jaunpur) Dr Balkar Singh, DM (Chandauli) Pawan Kumar, DM (Ghazipur) Prabhu Narayan Singh, municipal comissioner P K Pandey and several others were present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14813077", "title": "Hunt on for man who sent obscene SMSs to cop", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have launched a hunt for a man who has been sending obscene text messages to a sub-inspector of the Madipakkam all-women police station.Police said K Ramakrishnan of Perungalathur, who has been separated from his wife for a while now, first approached the Chief Minister's Cell with a petition seeking to be united with her. The complaint was forwarded to the Madipakkam all-woman police station where sub-inspector Akila summoned him for an inquiry. From then, police said, he began sending her lewd messages about his wife and her alleged wayward ways until Akila lodged a complaint against him on Tuesday.In her complaint, Akila said Ramakrishnan had sent her text messages about his wife's \"insatiable appetite for sex.\" When the angry policewoman called him and asked him to stop harassing her, he reportedly told her he could not speak to her about certain things in person and was sending the text messages so that they could be registered with police.On Monday, when Ramakrishnan was called to the police station and warned against continuing to send messages, he told police officers that he had put everything on record in the form of text messages to the woman police officer and asked them to proceed against his wife. He also asked them not to disturb him.Based on Akila's complaint, police registered a case against Ramakrishnan. Efforts were on to trace him with the help of telephone service providers, police added.When contacted, sub-inspector Akila said \"the matter is being handled by the law and order wing whose members are looking for him.\" The incident has angered personnel at the all-women police station as this is the first time a man had sent one of them such obscene messages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14818126", "title": "Gadchiroli police bust a gang of bogus Naxals", "text": "NAGPUR: Fighting against the Naxals is nothing new for Gadchiroli district police. This time, however, they nabbed bogus Naxals in Sironcha in south Gadchiroli. Four people involved in threatening and extorting after posing as Naxal were arrested last week. Following a complaint, Aheri police arrested Vyankatesh Ganmukulwar, Jagan Pirla, Vyankati Kothari and Sommya Durgam.Their interrogation revealed they were involved in around 10 cases of extortion in the last few years. Ganmukulwar is also connected to an international NGO. Police claimed that Durgam was the mastermind in the case. Police said that four were harassing an Alapalli based businessman asking for Rs 2 lakh.Their modus operandi involved threatening businessmen or other influential persons in the name of red guerrillas who too are known to forcibly collect funds. The gang would try to capitalize on the present situation in the district that has witnessed a number of cases of kidnapping and murder of elected representatives, contractors, civic body portfolio holders, village headmen and so on by the Naxals. Police said that the arrested extortionists would visit the neighbouring Andhra Pradesh , procure SIM cards from there and make calls to their victims from different numbers posing as senior cadre of Naxals. -- soumitra bose", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14814190", "title": "New housing complex for policemen inaugurated", "text": "GURGAON: The newly constructed Mega Police Housing Complex comprising 364 houses inside the existing police lines - situated on 31 acres of prime land in the old Gurgaon area - was inaugurated on Tuesday.According to the claims by the Haryana Police Housing Board, this is one of the biggest ever police housing project to be put in place across the country in one go. The project, according to the Haryana Police Housing Corporation head, was completed in a record three years time and inaugurated by the Haryana chief minister at the Gurgaon police lines.The new housing multi-storied housing complex has been built on less than seven acres of land inside the police lines with modern facilities ensuring measures to take care of parking, lifts, a DG set for each individual building and latest fire fighting systems.The district alone has close to 5,000 police personnel and with barely a handful of accommodation available, policemen were forced either to live in costly rented accommodations or had to travel long distances on a daily basis. Identifying the problem, the state government had initiated the housing project in 2009.According to B S Sandhu, managing director, Haryana Police Housing Corporation was sanctioned Rs 52.89 crore for the project completion.\"At present, the state has sanctioned Rs 300 crore for developing three new police lines in the state - one each at Palwal, Mewat and Manesar (Gurgaon). Out of this Rs 100 crore was spent to purchase the land required for these projects,\" said Sandhu.According to the Haryana DGP, Ranjeet Singh Dalal, the state was also fast-tracking the development of schools to provide better education for the families of these policemen.Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda, who inaugurated the project, said that basic infrastructure like housing and schooling would keep the force motivated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14814548", "title": "Several women duped in investment sceme", "text": "NAGPUR: Several women thronged Ajni police station on Monday complaining about being duped by a woman who ran a financial scheme for the last few years. Police later registered an offence of criminal breach of trust and cheating against the accused Nanda Hirekhan for having duped around 100 women to the tune of more than Rs 20.94 lakh.Hirekhan was allegedly conducting a scheme for the women, mostly from poor families of south Nagpur's Chandramani Nagar, Rameshwari, New Kailash Nagar and such places. She promised a return of one-and-half times the amount invested after seven years' term. Hirekhan also made intermediate payments to keep the investors in an upbeat mood.Several women are learnt to have walked into the trap as Hirekhan was providing high returns. The investors paid monthly installments into the scheme. One of the investors, Kundatai Rangari, claimed that Hirekhan initially provided sound returns. Ranagari was investing in a Rs 500 monthly plan. \"Till 2008, everything was going smoothly. But Hirekhan started defaulting 2009 onwards,\" said Rangari. \"We mounted pressure on her. She agreed to pay off the investors on priority basis. Later, she started avoiding calls,\" the victim said.Rangari claimed the actual number of aggrieved women investors was much larger than those who had approached the police. \"One has invested almost Rs 3 lakh,\" she said. The matter reached a local social worker who tried to settle the issue amicably. \"We learnt Hirekhan has purchased several plots with the investors' money. She should return the money by selling off the plots and properties that she made,\" said Rangari.She said that Hirekhan had even assured the police she would pay off the investors. \"She reneged on the promise as she walked out of the police station,\" said Rangari. \"The investors had approached police six months earlier but no action was taken,\" she said. Now, Ajni police have launched a manhunt for Hirekhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14816832", "title": "Talks best solution to Nagri land imbroglio: Students", "text": "RANCHI: Students of premier colleges here believe that a solution can be worked out between the government and the tribals who are protesting against the acquisition of land at Nagri to set up an educational hub. Some are advocating keeping political parties at bay to find a solution.At Nagri and its adjoining villages, the government has acquired 227 acres to set up an education hub. The land belongs to the tribals who are protesting for their rights. The Jharkhand high court had earlier ordered the government to ensure constructing the educational institutes.\"Nagri is a small place and undeveloped. The tribals need to understand that ultimately they are the beneficiary as setting up of such institutes will employ many people and the whole area will automatically develop. So the government needs to compensate them by giving another land, job or their children a place in those institutes,\" said Manas Kumar, a resident of Nagri and a student of BIT.Echoing Manas, BIT student Arpan said, \"Development can't be held ransom on this issue. The government will have to take a strong step and resolve the issue rather than create a deadlock situation when there can be options.\"\"There are many plots of land under the government so either the government compensate the tribals or set up the institutes on alternate non-agriculture land and leave this land for the tribals,\" said Aniket Ranjan of BIT.Some students who took the side of tribals and spoke out against the alleged injustice meted out to them. \"There are institutes in the capital, hence there is no dire need of more institutes that too by taking away the land rights of the tribals. Compensating the tribals properly should be the government's top priority,\" said Payal Sahu, a student of Xavier Institute of Social Service (XISS).Others thought politics was playing spoilsport in this issue. \"The political parties have their own vested interests because of which the issue has come to a dead end. If they are removed, the two parties involved can come to solution,\" said Ravi of St Xavier's College.Similar view was expressed by Ajit Kumar of XISS. He said the middlemen should be removed and instead some committees or an NGO should be set up to sort out the issue. \"Research and survey is needed so that the government can know the reality and look for solutions rather than behaving in an autocratic manner towards the tribals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-11"}
