{"city": "alwar", "code": "12657503", "title": "Bharatpur honour killing: Girl's father, brothers held", "text": "ALWAR: In a twist in the honour killing case of a couple who were shot dead at Heerapura village in Bharatpur district on April 1, the police have arrested the father and brothers of the girl.The girl's father had registered an FIR against the family members of the 21-year-old youth, but during investigation it came up that girl's family members had seen the couple in a compromising position and infuriated over this, they first killed the youth and then the girl.Bodies of Nagpal (21) and Sharda (19) were found in the village field with bullet wounds on their backs. Two cartridges and a country-made pistol were found near their bodies.Sharda's father, who lodged an FIR against Nagpal's family members, had alleged they had threatened to kill Sharda if she did not sever her relationship with Nagpal.\"In the FIR, Sharda's father Ganeshi Lal named Nagpal's father Giriraj and six others alleging they killed his daughter,\" said Bharatpur additional SP Rajesh Yadav. Sharda went missing while she was returning home from their farm on March 31. Her family searched for her all night but could not trace her. Next day, the bodies were found.\"During investigation, some clues pointed at the involvement of the girl's family members in the crime. So the girl's father and her brothers were interrogated separately. The truth came out following which five of them were arrested,\" said the officer.Besides the father, the girl's brothers Kunwar Pal and Surjeet and cousins Saleh and Rajan Dei were arrested. \"They had seen Nagpal and Sharda in a compromising position. They shot both of them dead,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "12658108", "title": "873 conch shells found", "text": "JAMNAGAR: Police have recovered 873 conch shells worth Rs 17,000 and arrested one person for allegedly trafficking.Police of Meghpar village accidentally stumbled on this find when they gone to arrest one Lalji Manji, who operated country-made liquor brewery on riverbanks. When they reached the spot, they found these shells kept for drying.Police said he works as a interstate vendor of conch shells and sends them to Haridwar and New Delhi. Conch shells are protected under Wildlife Protection Act and their selling is prohibited, police sub-inspector P M Jadeja said.Live conch shells are found in the Marine National Park and many coastal areas of the district. Traffickers collect these shells and kill in the insect inside by boiling them in hot water. They are then dried and sold illegally. Police said 873 is huge number even though its value is not very high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659076", "title": "Court to conduct trial against former CM, Somanna, his wife", "text": "BANGALORE: Not satisfied with the clean chit given by Lokayukta police to former CM BS Yeddyurappa and housing minister V Somanna in an illegal land denotification complaint, a special Lokayukta court on Friday decided to take cognizance of the case and conduct the trial.Judge N K Sudhindra Rao issued summons to Yeddyurappa, Somanna, his wife Shylaja and D Lingaiah, directing them to appear before the court on April 30. The complaint pertains to the alleged illegal de-notification of 22 guntas of land in Bangalore.Lokayukta investigation officer DySP Prasanna V Raju had filed a `B' report in the court, giving a clean chit to the accused. The complainant, software engineer Ravi Krishna Reddy, had objected to the `B' report.Reddy had filed a private complaint before the special Lokayukta court accusing the former CM of illegally denotifying 22 guntas of land to benefit his close confidant Somanna. The court had directed the Lokayukta police to register an FIR and investigate.The 22 guntas of land in question is located at survey numbers 77 and 78 at Nagadevanahalli, Bangalore South. The BDA had acquired the land for forming Jnanabharati Layout.Ravi Faces Re-InquiryAnother B report filed by Lokayukta DySP Abdul Ahad exonerating Chikmagalur MLA C T Ravi also drew the ire of the special Lokayukta court, which ordered re-inquiry and further investigation. The IO has been directed to complete the investigation and file the report by May 5.Then secretary of the Karnataka Housing Board (KHB) Lakshminarayana and then AEE of KHB, Siddalingaswamy , are the other accused. The complainant had filed a memo challenging the decision to leave Ravi out of the chargesheet. The investigations were conducted following the directions of the special Lokayukta court based on a private complaint filed by Chikmagalur councilor R Devi Prasad.The complaint accused Ravi of obtaining civic amenity sites in his wife, Pallavi's name through fraudulent means and also obtaining multiple housing sites measuring about 30,000 sq ft. He had alleged that three CA sites in Chikmagalur were allotted to Anjaneya Education Society in 2007, of which Pallavi, was the president and her sister Tejaswini was the general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12659114", "title": "Student dies in road accident", "text": "A 17-year-old I PU student died on the spot and two of his friends escaped with minor injuries after the Honda Activa they were riding rammed into an electric pole near the airport on Friday evening . The accident occurred near Chickkagubbi Rroad near Kottanur when Arun , a resident of Hegde Nagar , was riding the two-wheeler . His friends Rakesh and Vijay , both SSLC students , escaped with minor injuries .\"Arun applied the brakes suddenly to avoid hitting a dog . The vehicle skidded off the road and rammed into the pole ,\" police said . Arun's father is a carpenter .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12657004", "title": "Six years on, Nagpur remains polio-free", "text": "NAGPUR: It has only been a couple of years since the World Health Organization declared India polio-free and removed it from the list of polio endemic nations. The city, however, has remained polio-free for over six years now.Officials believe that this was possible because of the rigorous immunization programmes taken up regularly. The credit for such drives and creation of awareness, though, is to be shared between government authorities and several NGOs.Nagpur Zilla Parishad and NMC are organizing an immunization drive on April 15. \"There has been no case of polio in the city since 2006. The world, and especially India, is moving fast towards achieving the goal of being polio free. We have managed to acquire this status way back because of the seriousness with which people have responded to anti-polio drive and got their kids immunized,\" said district health officer Dr Nadeem Khan. He believes that along with the government, the success can be attributed to hard work put in by volunteers like aanganwadi workers, teachers, gram sewaks, talathis and members of various NGOs, like Indian Medical Association, National Integrated Medical Association, National Cadet Corps ( NCC), Rotary Club , Home Guards among many others.\"All parents should ensure that children aged between 0 to 6 years of age are given drops whenever there is a drive by concerned civic authorities,\" said Dr Khan. \"This year, we want to ensure that not even one child below the age of five is denied polio drops. That is why we have not only established booths for administering the drops but also made a provision for door-to-door immunization,\" said Dr Shyam Shende, NMC's program officer for pulse polio. This will ensure that children living in slums, factory areas, construction sites and far flung areas also get the drops. He said.\"Our transit teams would visit public places like malls, temples, railway station, bus stands to administer drops. Even the destitute, tribal population and street kids would be taken care of,\" he added.For the convenience of citizens, booths are placed in such a manner that people would have to travel less than a couple of kilometres to reach them, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12658121", "title": "Rs 1.9 cr for Cheetah introduction programme", "text": "BHOPAL: Setting the ball rolling for Cheetah Introduction Programme in India, the Centre has sanctioned first tranche of Rs 1.9 crore to Madhya Pradesh for preparation of a place for the animal at Palpur-Kuna sanctuary in Sheopur district.\"The Centre has sanctioned Rs 1.9 crore to the state under the programme,\" additional principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife) Dharmendra Shukla said.\"We have demanded around Rs 12 crore in a phased manner from the ministry of environment and forest for infrastructure development,\" an official said. \"I feel this sanction, which was made on March 30 - a day before the end of fiscal year -- will boost preparation of infrastructure for cheetah in Palpur. We are expecting more flow of funds this fiscal,\" he added.An official informed that twenty cheetahs will be airlifted to the state as per plans. He also informed that Namibia Cheetah Conservation Fund (NCCF) will donate the fastest mammal to India. NCCF officials have already inspected Palpur and found the place fit for cheetahs.Spread over an area of 344 sq km, Palpur-Kuna is an appropriate habitat for the cheetahs with a vast stretch of plains and sparse forest.The sanctuary will be fenced to ensure that the animal are protected.Meanwhile, efforts to set up enclosures for the cheetahs in Palpur have begun. The mammal, now extinct in India, will be put in enclosures before being released, officials informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12657972", "title": "Bus rams truck, 15 injured", "text": "PUNE: Two drivers and 13 passengers of a Karnataka state transport bus sustained injuries when the bus rammed a stationery truck near Khed Shivapur, around 20 km from here, on the Pune-Bangalore highway in the early hours of Friday.The Rajgad police rushed the injured passengers to Sassoon general hospital here. The condition of two drivers of the bus is serious, said inspector Sanjay Bothe of Rajgad police station. Following the accident, Pune-bound traffic went out of gear for more than two hours. The traffic was restored to normalcy on Friday morning after the police opened another lane on the highway.Bothe said that the incident took place around 4.30 am. The truck had stopped in the first Bangalore-Pune lane after it ran out of fuel. The driver of the speeding bus, which was heading towards Pune, did not notice the truck and the bus crashed into the rear of the truck. \"The impact was such that the bus got stuck in the rear part of the truck,\" Bothe said.\"Two drivers of the bus sustained severe injuries in the accident. All the injured passengers are out of danger,\" Bothe said.The injured people have been identified as Hussainab Mannoli (50), Pooja Sambarge (14) Bharati Oli (25), her sons Vikas (7) and Vinayak (9) and a relative Gangavva Oli (45), all from Belgaum; Sanjay Shahapurkar (34) and his mother Indubai (50), both from Yerawada, Pune; Dilip Mulekar (30) and Bhagwan Mulekar (40) from Ahmednagar district; Dilip Mule (28) of Aurangabad; Santosh Gawde (25) and Appasaheb Kargar (25) from Kolhapur; and Ismail Pinjari (30) and Ashok Somnawar (55) from Jalgaon.Bothe said the truck, loaded with coal powder, was heading towards Pune. \"After its fuel tank went dry, the driver stopped the truck on the first lane of the highway and went to purchase diesel. He did not put any signal at the rear of the truck to alert other vehicles. We are going to register a case against the truck driver for negligence.\" The police managed to remove the vehicles from the road in the afternoon on Friday with the help of a crane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661457", "title": "Harshit Saxena rocks in 'A Hate Story'", "text": "Harshit Saxena is reached enviable heights. After composing one song \"Haale-E-Dil\" in Mukesh Bhatt's \"Murder 2\" the Lucknow lad has again done wonders and composed a solo album for Vivek Agnihotri's controversial film \"A Hate Story\".Produced by Vikram Bhatt, in the film Harshit has composed six songs and also sung three of them. \"Talking about it Harshit says, \"This was a very prestigious project and although I had seen the fantastic response people had given to my song in \"Murder 2\", when Vikramji offered me this movie, I was doubtful whether I will be able to do it all alone. But by God's grace, I have been able to do it and the music has come out very well. In fact people are already liking the songs,\" says Harshit.Telling us a bit more about the songs in the film Harshit says, \"\"The songs are very melodious and have a different sound to it. They are not the usual types of songs that one hears every day. Each song is different and stands out. Sunidhi Chauhan has also sung one song in the film \"Raat\". The song is a sensual number which will stay with the audience for a long time. Then one song has been sung by Krishna Buera \"Dil Kaanch Sa\". This too is a very melodious track and has an old world charm to it. Krishna has really brought out the pain of a heart broken person in the song and Sunidhi ji's track will surely be played every where.My song \"Mahe Jaan\" is already a hit with the listeners. I have also sung teh English version of \"Dil...\" which is the Heart and Soul\". The whole album is very listenable and I'm sure people will like it a lot,\"says Harshit expectantly.But that's not all what the singer-composer is doing. Harshit is also composing songs for an untitled film starring Sunny Deol and Kangana Ranaut. \"\"I can't disclose much about the film, but it's God's grace that I am now getting the opportunity of composing and singing in such big projects,\"\" says Harshit whose private album is also expected to be released in the next few moths. \"\"My album too is almost ready and will be releasing in a few months. Again, it has a variety of songs that will be suitable for all ages and situations. I'm just hoping that I continue to get the love and affection of my fans and I don't disappoint them. I am working very hard, day and night and it feels good when your work is liked and appreciated. Which till now is happening,\"\" he ends before rushing in for a song recording.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657306", "title": "Not enough firemen to fight emergencies", "text": "NEW DELHI: There were 22,000 fire incidents last year. But the city does not have enough firemen to fight the emergencies. The fire department has only a little over half of the sanctioned 3,468 personnel to respond to the huge number of calls. The fire brigade is functioning at just above 50% of its sanctioned strength.The current strength of Delhi Fire Service is 1,850, and the department has requested the Delhi Staff Selection Board to fill up the 1,200 vacancies. The process is expected to take at least several months. The board has recommended 600 candidates for fire services. While two batches of 100 employees are in various stages of training, around 500 candidates are expected to join the department by the end of this year.\"Last year, Delhi Fire Service (DFS) received 22,441 calls, which is more than the 22,187 calls received in the year before that. Of this, 13 fire incidents were of medium intensity and one was serious. Over the last five years, the figure has increased from 15,000 despite improvement in firefighting infrastructure,\" DFS chief A K Sharma said.Meanwhile, the city will also get 17 new fire stations, taking the total to 70. Out of these 17 stations, the stations at MCD Civic Centre, Gharoli Chand Cinema and Dallupura are ready for commissioning, while the ones at Okhla-I, Vasant Kunj and 12 other locations are in various stages of development.To combat fires at congested places, the department has procured smaller firefighting vehicles like motorcycles and Innova cars.After the AMRI Hospital fire in Kolkata, the department was asked to inspect fire safety mechanism in hospitals in the city, including those under the state and central government, MCD, NDMC, ESIC, and even nursing homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12656231", "title": "SC to re-examine top Naxal\u2019s encounter", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today agreed to \"consider\" a plea for an independent probe into the killings of top Maoist leader Cherukuri Rajkumar alias Azad and scribe Hemchandra Pandey in an allegedly staged gun battle by the Andhra Pradesh police, who were given clean chit by the CBI.A bench of justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana Prakash Desai agreed to consider the plea after counsel Prashant Bhushan raised suspicions on the credibility of the CBI probe, which he suspected was influenced by the Union home minister as IPS officers are under control of his ministry.Bhushan told the court that the CBI probe giving a clean chit to AP police and stating that the encounter was genuine, \"does not inspire confidence\" as there were several loopholes in the report submitted by the agency.He argued the post-mortem report and other findings of the CBI were done under apparent influence of the home minister, as the IPS officers are under the overall control of the home ministry.Bhushan claimed that Azad, could not have been killed by AP police without the approval of the Home Minister, who was in touch with Azad in connection with ceasefire talks between Maoists and the government.The court initially expressed its unwillingness to entertain the plea by Bhushan, who represented the slain journalist's wife, Bineeta Pandey. The court, however, relented later and agreed to go through the written submissions given by him, assailing the CBI's findings.The court, however, added, \"We are making it clear that this court is not sitting over appeal of the CBI's investigation report.\"The apex court also agreed to examine social activist Swami Agnivesh' plea to inspect the CBI's report which was, however, opposed by Additional Solicitor General Haren Raval, who appeared for the agency.Azad and Pandey were killed in an alleged fake encounter in Adilabad district of Andhra Pradesh in July 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12657279", "title": "Neyyattinkara bypoll decisive for Chandy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Is Oommen Chandy stepping into the shoes of his one-time mentor A K Antony ? By giving up the home portfolio to bring back the communal balance in his government, he has given a clear signal on what his course of action would be if the UDF loses the Neyyattinkara bypoll. The result of the Neyyattinkara bypoll is going to be decisive for the future of Oommen Chandy as chief minister. In all likelihood he would step down as chief minister if the UDF loses the seat, since the blame will undoubtedly be put on Chandy and he is well aware of it.Two crucial decisions - to give IUML a fifth minister and to reshuffle the cabinet - have strained his relations with the KPCC leadership. The party had strong reservations in giving the fifth cabinet berth to the IUML and changing the portfolios was done without discussing it with the KPCC president. The two decisions are going to haunt him in the days to come. By fielding R Selvaraj, both the Congress and the UDF has taken a big risk. The Congress leadership is not that confident of a victory, since there is widespread resentment against the UDF government after the recent developments involving the 'fifth minister' and cabinet reshuffle.Unlike in Piravom, Chandy is not very sure about getting the full backing of his party and the front at Neyyattinkara. All 12 panchayats in the constituency have a minister each in charge of the campaigning. It will be difficult for him to get similar support this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12658737", "title": "Rs 57.35 lakh distributed under loan schemes", "text": "BELGAUM: MP Suresh Angadi, on Friday, distributed cheques to the beneficiaries of micro and Shramashakti loan schemes, sanctioned on behalf of Karnataka Minorities Development Corporation (KMDC) here. As many as 487 cheques of the total amount Rs 57.35 lakh were distributed on the occasion for the year 2012-13.Addressing the gathering, Angadi asked beneficiaries to utilize loan amount properly and refund it on time, which would benefit more people.\"There is a need of reaching these schemes to more number of financially backward minority people,\" he said.KMDC director Mukhtar Pathan said Belgaum district was in the second place in recovery of loans given by the KMDC and first in Belgaum division.In the year 2011-12, the corporation achieved its 89% financial target, by distributing Rs 622.11 loan to the 3007 minority people under different schemes, he said. ZP president Iranna Kadadi and CEO Ajay Nagabhushan were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12658116", "title": "Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Jayanti: Traffic restrictions in city today", "text": "PUNE: Traffic restrictions will be imposed on Saturday on some of the main roads in the city for the Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Jayanti celebrations.A large number of ceremonial processions are taken out at places such as Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar garden near district collectorate on the Pune station road, Ambedkar statue near Aurora towers in Pune camp and at Ambedkar statue at Pimpri. Traffic will be diverted on some of the roads leading to these locations.Similarly, parking restrictions will also be imposed at these places, a press release issued by the traffic branch has stated. The restrictions will come into effect from 6 am onwards till the end of the processions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12658319", "title": "Dual celebration for schoolkids", "text": "LUDHIANA: The 21st anniversary of Green Land Senior Secondary Public School and Baisakhi on the theme ''Virasat mela'' was celebrated with full zeal at the school premises on Friday. The celebrations began with Shabad Khalsa Mero Roop Hai Khass highlighting the importance of the festival of harvest. This was followed by dances, songs, speeches and poems to celebrate the dual jubiliance of Founders Day and Baisakhi festival.About 150 students who won accolades in sports at national, state and district level were given prizes in a ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12664073", "title": "Nidhi Subbaiah to work with Jackky", "text": "For Kannada actress Nidhi Subbaiah, Bollywood seems to be a rosy dream as of now, with her second film being flagged off in a starry fashion.She is part of Ajab Gazabb Love , where she will be sharing screenspace opposite Jackky Bhagnani of F.A.L.T.U. fame. The film, being produced by Vashu Bhagnani, was launched on Friday, with star filmmakers like Satish Kaushik, Boney Kapoor and Sajid Khan gracing the occasion.\"It was such a fabulous feeling where I shared the screenspace with so many great people. I had all the media eyes on me and I was shooting at the iconic Mehboob Studios. It is a dream for so many people and I am living it,\" says Nidhi, who is also excited about working with director Sanjay Gadhvi (of Dhoom fame) and producer Vashu Bhagnani who's made the career of so many stars.\"I have been gearing up for the film with script reading sessions, test shoots and workshops. Jackky has been fun to work with and I am really excited to commence work on this film,\" says Nidhi, who's already doing a Hindi film Oh My God! , where she acts alongside Akshay Kumar and Paresh Rawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12663621", "title": "Odisha govt exploring back channel talks for MLA release", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the fate of kidnapped Jhina Hikaka still unknown after almost three weeks, the Odisha government is exploring back channel negotiations with the Maoist group which has imposed tough conditions for release of the ruling BJD tribal MLA Jhina Hikaka.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik who visited Koraput on Friday held a crucial meeting with local leaders where the back channel negotiation option figured, a senior official said.Some elected representatives from Koraput were directed to explore contacts with the Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS), a front organisation of the Maoists, for striking a deal with ultra group Andhra Pradesh Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) and to hold talks on other demands raised by them, the official said.Some leaders have been entrusted with holding talks with top CMAS functionaries who in turn could negotiate with the AOBSZC holding 37-year-old Hikaka hostage and which has refused talks,another official said.The AOBSZC has demanded release of 30 prisoners, including hardcore Maoist Chenda Bhusanam alias Ghasi, accused of killing 55 policemen in exchange for the freedom of the 37-year-old tribal legislator kidnapped on March 24 from Koraput district. \"Direct negotiations would have facilitated the process,\" Home Secretary U N Behera said, adding no back channel contact with the abductors has been established so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12661584", "title": "Trai may order external audit of VAS records", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecoms regulator Trai may order third-party audits on telcos' records of activating value added services (VAS) to ensure compliance, a senior official told ET. The move follows consumer complaints of mobile phone companies activating VAS without consent.\"Consultation on the matter is on. The intention is to ensure that consumers are not charged for services they did not ask for,\" the official added. Pre-paid customers, who constitute over 96% of India's mobile user base, are impacted more as fees for VAS services are charged even when they have zero balance in their accounts.Telcos say they have taken measures to address these concerns, including discontinuing the practice of negative charging, keeping records of VAS activation and deactivation and bringing in-house the subscription engine &amp; management systems of all promotions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12658735", "title": "Polio reports wrong, says health department", "text": "KORAPUT: A state health department inquiry dismissed the resurgence of polio in tribal-dominated Koraput district, as claimed in a few media reports recently.Certain sections of the media had reported on Tuesday that a three-year-old tribal girl, identified as Raila Khila of Tikarjhodi village under Boipariguda block, who was unable to walk properly, was afflicted with polio.\"After learning about the case from media reports, a team of medical officers was sent to the village to examine the patient thoroughly. During our medical examination it was found that it was a growth retard case and not polio,\" Koraput chief district medical officer Nisikant Kar told TOI.\"The girl was immunized with polio vaccine regularly. If it was a case of polio then the child would not have been able to move her legs at all, but there is some movement in her legs,\" the medical officer said.Puspa Mitra Lakra, medical office of Boipariguda hospital, who had accompanied the team of doctors to Tikarjhodi, said, \"During inquiry, it was found that the child was normal up to one year of age. After that she developed complications and is unable to stand and walk properly now. But it is not a case of polio. The child will be referred to some medical college for further treatment.\"According to sources, the last incidence of polio in the state was detected in September 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661761", "title": "Ram to make his Tamil Debut", "text": "Tollywood actors seem to be bitten by the Tamil bug and more and more of them are trying their hand at acting in Tamil movies. Actor Ram is joining the long list of Tollywood actors looking to break into Tamil cinema. He is making his Tamil debut with director Karunakaran's movie \"Eananal Kaadalenben\". A bilingual the movie is releasing in Telugu as Endukante Premanta. The movie will be launched officially on April 15. Director Murugadoss and Linguswamy will be the chief guests of the evening. Actress Tamannah is playing the female lead in the movie that is touted to be a romantic entertainer.Ram was supposed to make hi Tamil debut with Gautham Menon's movie Neethane En Ponvasantham but walked out of it. Actor Nani was roped in as his replacement in the movie. But thankfully Ram did not have to wait too long to make his Tamil debut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12657230", "title": "Paddy farmers yet to get those helping hands", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Vishu marks the beginning of another sowing season in Kerala, but for paddy farmers in the state, who are facing acute labour shortage, it may be the beginning of yet another season of worries.The state government's proposal to allow workers registered under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGA) to work in paddy fields has not been approved by the centre till date. Workers registered under MGNREGA are guaranteed 100 days of work in year with minimum wages of Rs 164 per day. The act states the workers are allowed to undertake all kinds of civic work, but cannot work in agriculture sector. The state government had written to the centre to amend MGNREGA, taking into consideration of the peculiarities of the state.Farmers said that they there were many women workers registered under the MGNREGA in the state who were willing to work in the paddy fields. \"The only way to make paddy cultivation cost-effective is to allow these workers to lend a helping hand in paddy cultivation,\" said T S Biju, assistant engineer, with MGNREGA project, Chenkal panchayat in Thiruvananthapuram.A senior official with the union rural development department said that the ministry was looking into the recommendations made by states like Kerala now. \"The ministry is also looking into the recommendations made by planning commission member Mihir Shah on MGNREGA reforms. The reforms speaks about inclusion of rice cultivation, soil conservation activities and animal husbandry in MGNREGA,\" the official said.\"A majority of the paddy farmers in Kerala has paddy fields of less than five acres. They are finding it extremely difficult to undertake paddy cultivation. There were many cases in the past, especially in central Kerala, where farmers had to abandon the harvesting as they could not get enough workers to reap the harvest. These farmers have either sold their paddy fields or have left the land idle till date,\" said a senior official with state rural development department.The state's paddy production has been showing a decline over the years. Data from the agriculture department reveals that the production of paddy came down from 7,70,686 tonnes to 5,98,337 tonnes, a decrease of 22% in ten years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657356", "title": "\u2018Personal touch matters\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: At a time when one can buy a book by the click of the mouse, does one take the 'pain' to visit a book seller and flip through the stall? A visit to a local book store tells the story that people are still 'taking pains' to get the feel of the 'real book' before buying it.There has been a rapid increase in the number of online book sales. At an average, Flipkart sells nearly 20 products per minute, a major chunk of that are books. But, for booksellers like Ram Advani, who has been into the business for the past 67 years, things haven't changed. Sharing his experience, Advani says it is the regular customers, many of whom are writers themselves, who's presence matters.\"Yesterday itself 18 travellers from Australia came to my store and asked for books on Lucknow. I showed them a copy of 'Engaging Scoundrels - True tales of Lucknow' by Rosie Llewellyn-Jones and in the process mentioned about Walter Birley Griffin, an Australian architect who was instrumental in designing many monuments in Lucknow and Canberra as well,\" says Advani who mentioned about 'specialized personal touch' which is lacking in case of e-commerce.Advani maintains a visitor's book and makes it a point that he jots down every visitor's contact information. \"Keeping in touch with my visitors help me a lot. Not just the compliments, but sometimes I get to know people who later call me from abroad and asks if I will be able to provide them books.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656622", "title": "Tamil Nadu Electricity Board unplugs city as power demand peaks", "text": "CHENNAI: Unscheduled power cuts are wreaking havoc with the livelihood of many in the city.K Senthil Kumar, who runs a two-wheeler water service centre at Egmore, said, \"As such, scheduled power cuts are pinching us. But it at least gives us the option of rescheduling our works, provided the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) sticks to the timings of outages. But we are helpless when the TNEB cuts power without notice\".Traders and businessmen are the worst affected. In many places traders have downed shutters for a day protesting against unscheduled outages. About 500 residents of Urapakkam had recently staged a protest and refused to pay the power bill as they were cut up with the service provided by the TNEB.While the TNEB maintains that the power cut in Chennai is only for two hours and four hours in the rest of the state, many parts of the city face more than two hours outages. Outside Chennai, eight hour power cuts common many in the TNEB admit this, but reason out as unavoidable given the huge shortfall of 4,000MW in power generation.\"Apart from the scheduled two hours of outages, power goes off for another hour in the evening. This happens at least thrice a week. I find a pattern in it,\" said K Santosh, a resident of Velachery.Coupled with these problems, there are also instances of the EB employees turning a deaf ear to complaints preferred by residents. P S Nandakumar of Pudupet said a few houses on his street went without power for close to 24 hours earlier this week.Many software companies on the Old Mahabalipuram Road have re-scheduled their working hours depending on the power-cut schedule, said K Rahul Sharma, an IT engineer.The board officials use every opportunity to deny power to people allege many. While the monthly maintenance of sub-stations warrants a 9am to 5pm power cut, most often it starts before 9am and stretches beyond 5pm, said S Mukilan, a resident of Egmore.The state's average power demand is 10,500MW per hour. However, it goes up to 12,000MW during peak hours and falls to 8,000MW during non-peak hours. As against a total demand of 260 million units, it generates only 200 million units at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12658584", "title": "32-hour I-T search at Capt Abhimanyu's house", "text": "ROHTAK: Income tax sleuths, who had raided the house of senior BJP leader and mining baron Capt Abhimanyu's house in Rohtak on Thursday, left after a 30-hour search operation on Friday afternoon.According to information, the I-T teams had also conducted simultaneous raids at the offices of his business firms in Chhattisgarh's Raipur , Korba, Bilaspur, Nagpur and Delhi.A team of around 15 I-T officials left his Rohtak house at around 3.30 pm in five vehicles. They had reportedly scanned documents to assess movable and immovable assets of Capt Abhimanyu, who is BJP national secretary and in charge of the Punjab unit.Abhimanyu had also contested the Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha elections in Haryana on party ticket without success.The I-T officials did not talk to mediapersons outside the house when they left. Sources said that the team from Delhi and Rohtak had collected documents and assessed assets, including property, jewelry and cash of the BJP leader's family which owns a multi-crore mining business in Chhattisgarh besides many other business interests like transportation and finance.The raiding officials had also broken open various lockers in the house during the process, the sources added. They did not allow anybody to move out or inside the house during the search operation. The sources said that the raids were conducted on suspicion of the leader having income disproportionate to the sources of income.Addressing a press conference, an exhausted Abhimanyu maintained that they had cooperated with the I-T team during the inquiry and provided all the requisite documents. \"I am not aware about the reasons behind the raids but I have given all the details sought by them. At present, I don't see any political motive behind the raids but it surprised us. We have the audit of every single penny earned by the businesses which my family had been running for the last 64 years\", he said.Virtually distancing himself from the alleged a Rs 11 lakh crore coal scam, which has been hinted at in the CAG report, he said that indications of a scam was shocking and it should be investigated. The report indicated how the nation's natural resources were being exploited by vested interests and mafias.Abhimanyu admitted that the team had broken open some lockers as some of his family members who owned them were abroad. \"To my knowledge, the raiding team has returned contended as we furnished all the documents sought by them and there seemed to be no doubt about any discrepancy in the income and its sources\", he claimed.However, no income tax officials were available for any comment about the raids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12657903", "title": "Class XII marks goof: Board officials indicted", "text": "PANAJI: There was a systematic failure on the part of Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education that led to errors in computation of marks of Class XII students that saw over 300 students being erroneously declared to have failed last year.\"There appears to be a systematic failure in the entire operation of preparation of results which has led to the said lapses,\" the 17-page report prepared by education secretary VP Rao, the one-man probing the fiasco, states.Former board chairman Mervyn D'Souza has also been indicted by the report, which states that then Goa board secretary D R Bhagat too failed in discharge of his duties.Rao in the report also states, \"I am of the view that the said lapses had occurred on account of non-communication between authorities and absence of proper random check in the preparation and declaration of the results, thus the computer programmer, the secretary and the chairman of the board all are responsible for the said lapses, though the gravity of offence varies,\" Rao's report states.\"The chairman of the board, who was supposed to supervise and guide the secretary and the computer programmer on computation had his own limitation and could not discharge his supervisory role efficiently with due diligence,\" the report states.According to the report, the board chairman \"had paddled softly and thus could not reign in the computer programmer and the secretary of the board\".\"The chairman had also failed to ensure the conducive environment of mutual trust and support which led to such lapses, though, unintentional,\" the report submitted to the state government for action states.Last year was the first year of implementation of the grading system, which includes an internal assessment component where schools send the marks earned by students in class assignments and these have to be proportionately calculated to form 20% of the final score.When the error in marks sheets came to light, the board had admitted that the error had taken place in its computer section where the calculated marks were entered wrongly into the system.\"Bharat Chopade, the computer programmer, who is a technical person and has the knowledge of all the circulars along with the formula of computation, has miserably failed to discharge his duties to check the errors in computation. He was technically qualified and has himself developed the software. He should have applied the table supplied to him for computation,\" the education secretary's report states.It states that the wrong application of the formula provided in computation of the marks, speaks of the computer programmer's casual approach.The report points out that the secretary of the board is mandated by provisions of Section 9 (8) of the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Act, 1975 read with rule 70 (2) and rule 70 (5) of the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Rules to supervise the work of preparation of results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12658044", "title": "Police recover rebel posters", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Ahead of the two-day bandh call given by CPI (Maoist) in the bordering areas of three states, Odisha, Bengal and Jharkhand, the Ghatshila subdivision police have recovered posters and banners, allegedly put up by the rebels, demanding hike in kendu leaves procurement rate and support to the bandh call. The posters and banners were found in two different police station areas - Chakulia and Dhalbhumgarh. A banner put up on a tree at Bodamchati in Chakulia block asked for \"level-playing field\" so that the villagers trading in kendu leaves can earn enough. Kendu traders said last year also the Naxalites had put up such posters following which the villagers had earned good return on their produce.In another instance, the Maoists also put up a banner at a place between Mahishadhar and Nuang villages in Dhalbhumgarh block appealing for comprehensive support to make the strike a success. The two-day bandh will come into effect from April 14 midnight. \"Security in bordering areas is regularly being monitored. However, vigil has been intensified (ahead of the bandh),\" said Ghatshila subdivisional police officer Naresh Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12658019", "title": "Barkatullah University examinees to feel fee pinch", "text": "BHOPAL: With Barkatullah University deciding to increase examination fees from the next academic session, students will have to shell out more to write paper. The executive council on Friday gave a go-ahead for 10% hike in fees.Depending on a course, student will have to pay Rs 100 to 350 more for appearing in BU exams. BU registrar Dr Sanjay Tiwari said the increase was under consideration for long. \"We will implement the decision from the next session for both under-graduate and post-graduate courses,\" Tiwari said.A four-member coordination committee of the university recommended the fee hike.In another important decision, the EC has sanctioned Rs 6 crore for infrastructure development in BU-run engineering College University of Institute of Technology. Besides, the EC has also decided to appoint Dr Salma Khan in the department of correspondence. \"She will be the director of the department of correspondence in BU for next two years,\" Tiwari said.Khan would be joining on deputation from bio-science department in Rani Durgawati University, Jabalpur. The EC has yet again put off its decision on if Sadhna Singh, the reader of department of physics, be allowed to continue on deputation. The state bureau of investigation of economic offences (formerly EOW) has been looking into a corruption case of Madhya Pradesh Bhoj Open University (MPBOU) in which Sadhna was allegedly involved. Before joining Barkatullah University, she was posted in the Bhoj university. Many EC members have been opposing her presence in the university.On the issue of appointment of yoga department head Sadhna Dhanoriya, the EC has decided to take up the issue in the next meeting. Interestingly, her appointment was termed illegal by the Arun Gurtoo committee, which was constituted to improve standards in university. Vice-Chancellor Prof Nisha Dubey said she has not studied the case of Dhanoriya. In order to give her time, EC has decided to take up the issue in its next meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657350", "title": "On Sale: Bikinis from Bijnor", "text": "LUCKNOW: 'Beach babes around the world get their bikinis from Uttar Pradesh'. If the revelation makes you incredulous, you better check eBay. A survey by the online shopping giant reveals that UP is the biggest supplier of the beach wear among Indian states to various Internet marts. So, there are fair chances that a sun-bathing lass on a Miami beach may be wearing her two-piece stitched in, well, Bijnor.The 68-page survey also says that sales of belly dancing gear from Delhi, religious posters from Ahmadabad and pillow covers from Jaipur are high in demand across the world. As far as the growth of ecommerce in UP is concerned, the state is growing at over 40% and placed 8th largest state in India. On its own, eBay registered a 6X growth rate in Q4 of 2011. Online shopping has moved on a long way from being the 'luck-by-chance VPP orders' of the higher middle class to the present day convenience when the click of the mouse results in the door bell the next day and bang - the item is delivered in a classy packaging. Call it a revolution or just the next big thing in consumer behaviour, the Indian e-commerce market is estimated at $10 billion by the Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and is growing at a phenomenal 70% yearover-year (YoY). IAMAI report says that India is the third largest country in terms of internet users, making the e-commerce industry (not just the B2C but also B2B space) attractive.A survey by e-marketing technology company Octane finds that there has been 18% increase in the number of the Indian marketers who see importance in email and social media integration to their business. The top five industry verticals in terms of e-marketing investments are: retail and distribution (including online retail and e-commerce), media and entertainment, IT and ITES, services and consulting (marketing services) and education.Speaking on the Indian retail exports, eBay says it is accelerating rapidly &amp; Indian entrepreneurs export a variety of products to millions of buyers in 189 countries around the globe. The top 5 countries India export to, are United States, United Kingdom, Australia, Canada &amp; Germany. \"Online retail thrives on trust, range of products and value for money that it is offering. For buyers in tier-2 and tier-3 cities, accessibility of different products has been an advantage thereby enabling e-commerce to reach mainstream consciousness amongst consumers,\" says head category management, eBay India Abhimanyu Lal.Indian e-commerce has become organised over the years and a change has been seen. \"The players currently operating in the e-commerce space are more organised; they understand and appreciate the value proposition offered by the industry far better. E-commerce companies are today making investments in technology and innovation that will strengthen and grow their business in the long run. They are not looking at short-term business solutions but aim to scale up their operations over a period of time,\" says VP marketing Flipkart, Ravi Vora while talking to TOI.Comfortability is the major factor going in favour of e-commerce industry. One category which is largely responsible for making users more comfortable with online transactions is travel. \"Over the next 10 years, online retail in travel will be at par with offline travel retail. Currently online travel is 21% of the total travel sales and it will go up to 35% in 5 years. The convenience, the opportunities and the competitive pricing that online retail is offering currently is a big lure for customers to shift their buying pattern from offline to online. Customers will always look for simpler and more convenient ways,\" says executive VP, supplier relations, Cleartrip, Noel Swain.Use of social media tools has been a breakthrough for e-commerce industry. With major tools like Facebook and Twitter, companies are targeting end-users who are logged-in to the internet. \"We have always believed in using social media for engagement. We believe platforms like Facebook, Twitter etc. gives companies a chance to interact with their audience beyond pure sales. It helps in establishing a human connect that goes a long way in creating lasting relationships, which is of great advantage to an online shopping model,\" says Vora of Flipkart.When asked about the limitations that an online retail company faces while trying to establish itself as a brand, COO SherSingh, Sonny Caberwal shares: \"There are multiple limitations faced by online companies. Exposure (getting the brand in front of the user) is one. Payment systems are still not perfect, so pre-paid transactions sometimes have errors, and COD transactions can be expensive\". Talking of the ways to overcome the challenges of online shopping industry, Caberwal emphasizes on the need to have a proper 'ecosystem' of good service so as to build trust. A good website and better customer service is the key for future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12657739", "title": "Tikku murder: Mumbai model in custody", "text": "MUMBAI: The probe into the killing of Delhi-based business consultant Arunkumar Tikku has opened a can of worms. The three arrested suspects in the case were charged, and a small-time model taken into custody, on Friday for 'kidnapping' a young aspiring producer 'with the intention of murder'.Karankumar Kakkar, a 28-year-old resident of Oberoi Springs in Andheri (West), was last heard from on March 5. His Delhi-based family filed a missing complaint with the Amboli police on March 11 and even suggested the possible involvement of Vijay Palande-who is also the main accused in the Arunkumar murder case-and his model flatmate Simran Sood. Police did not however act with alacrity. They finally took the family's suspicions seriously after Palande's arrest for Arunkumar's killing. It was then that they started investigating if Palande had killed anyone else to usurp their properties or possessions. Kakkar's newly purchased BMW car is also missing, his family said.\"We booked Palande and Simran along with two others (Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh) for kidnapping with intention to murder of Kakkar,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone-9) Pratap Dighavkar said. \"We have also registered a separate cheating and forgery case against Palande for using fake documents to rent an apartment at Oberoi Springs in Andheri (West).\"Cops are simultaneously investigating the cars Palande used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12658067", "title": "Thamburaj's plea to visit Delhi rejected", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge D R Mahajan on Friday rejected the plea of former vice-chief of army staff Lt. Gen. Noble Thamburaj (retd) for visiting New Delhi between April 17 and 19.Thamburaj had obtained ad-interim anticipatory bail in a case pertaining to his alleged involvement in leasing defence land on March 20. Later, the bail was extended till April 26. The court had imposed a condition that he should not leave Pune without its permission.Thamburaj on Thursday filed a plea to relax the bail condition.His lawyer Jitendra Sawant told the court that his client was a director of a private company and pleaded to permit him to attend the annual meeting of the board of directors in Delhi on April 18.Sawant said that, if the court permitted, Thamburaj will leave for Delhi on April 17 and will return on April 19.CBI special public prosecutor Ayub Pathan opposed the plea, saying that the CBI had seized documents in the case and Thamburaj's presence was required for conducting investigations on a daily basis.Pathan submitted that Thamburaj was granted ad-interim bail and that he being an influential personality may tamper with the evidence as some of the witnesses were from Delhi.Judge Mahajan read the case diary of deputy superintendent of police Rajpal Singh who is investigating the case, and upheld the arguments of the prosecution for rejecting Thamburaj's plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12656963", "title": "Congress opposes entry of default judgment in US court", "text": "JALANDHAR: A law firm engaged by Congress party to represent it in a US court in a case pertaining to anti-Sikh riots of 1984, has opposed the entry of a default judgment. The opposition filed in the court has held that the 1984 riots case \"involves significant issues of public international law that should not be decided by a default judgment\".Judge Robert W Sweet of the US federal court, who is presiding the 1984 Sikh genocide case, has now set the case for arguments on May 2, 2012.Citing several authorities of superior courts of US and invoking several law points the defending law firm, Jones Day has argued that since all happenings took place in India, the US court had no jurisdiction over it. The papers, filed on behalf of the Congress states, \"All individuals and property purportedly harmed by the INC was located in India. Any witnesses or documents that the INC may have, relating to the alleged events, are located in India.\"It has sought dismissal of the petition filed against Congress by Sikhs For Justice (SFJ), a US-based advocacy group. The class action filed by the plaintiffs, (SFJ) and others, \"is against a foreign political party for alleged acts occurring entirely abroad more than 27 years ago,\" said Congress' lawyer Thomas E Lynch in his reply submitted in the court.\"The magnitude of the issues at stake, the public international and foreign nature of the lawsuit, the fatal deficiencies in plaintiffs' claims, and the longstanding principle that cases should be resolved on the merits all preclude entry of a default judgment against the INC\", the opposition further states.SFJ had filed motion for entry of default judgment against Congress (I) for its failure to defend the charges of conspiring, aiding, abetting, organizing and carrying out attacks on Sikhs in November 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12662258", "title": "Driver mows down 2 sleeping on road", "text": "VADODARA: A 35-year-old casual labourer and his five-year-old daughter were killed on Thursday night when a car ran over them. The duo was sleeping by road-side when the incident occurred. The car driver fled from the spot after the accident but eye-witnesses noted down the vehicle license plate number. He was arrested on Friday by Makarpura police. According to the police, the accused identified as Narsihma Reddy had lost control of his car.\"Reddy was driving from Tarsali to Manjalpur on Thursday night at about 10 pm. He was driving Hyundai Verna model. He lost control over the car while taking the turn near ONGC gate and collided into the divider. The car then ran over Mukesh Damor and Shivani Damor sleeping on the footpath,\" said Makarpura police sub-inspector V V Bhatt.Fearing backlash from public, Reddy fled from the spot. But the eyewitnesses noted down the car license plate number GJ 6 CM 5059.The cops tracked him with the help of the number. Interestingly, the cops didn't seek medical test of the accused to find out whether he was drunk during the incident. When asked Bhatt said, \"It didn't seem that he was drunk so we didn't send him for medical examination.The deceased were natives of Dahod. They had come to the city to work as labourers in construction work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12657823", "title": "Connectivity goes haywire after fire in BSNL exchange", "text": "BHOPAL: Landline, mobile and internet connectivity of the BSNL subscribers went for a toss in Bhopal on Friday after a major fire broke out in the BSNL city exchange in Royal Market area of the old city during wee hours. More than 16 persons sustained burn injuries in their efforts at dousing the fire.\"The incident affected the functioning of the telecommunication equipment which, in turn, impacted mobile and internet services in the city,\" BSNL spokesman Manish Shrivastava said.Saturday and Sunday holiday of all the BSNL staff have been cancelled as efforts are on to restore the mobile, telephone and internet services at the earliest,\" he said.Sources said the fire started from the MDF section on the fourth floor of the multi-storeyed building and soon it engulfed the fourth and fifth floors. A thick column of black smoke billowed out of the building and a large number of people gathered around.When about a dozen fire tenders from the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) and BHEL area were not able to bring the fire under control, four fire tenders from the nearby army area were called, BSNL spokesman said. Cables and other gadgets worth crores of rupees were gutted.The connectivity also affected banking services for a couple of hours. The available resources proved insufficient to douse the fire at the top floors of the building. Initially, the help was sought from the airport, but job was soon handed over to the army. Around 60 army and CISF personnel took charge and managed to bring the situation under control after hours of exercise.Close to dozen-and-a-half firemen, including the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) fire officer Sajid Khan and a few BSNL employees, sustained injuries while putting out the fire. The injured have been admitted to city hospitals.Prima facie, short circuit seems to be the cause behind the fire.Around 50,000 landline, mobile and internet connections were affected after cable and other gadgets in the exchange caught fire. The telecom services could not be restored till late in the evening.BSNL GM Mahesh Shukla refused to comment on the incident. He cut the call saying, \"It is not my job to brief the media.\"The busy Royal Market road had a huge traffic jam almost throughout the day. Traffic was diverted through various intersections to reduce congestion from the area. The entire area was covered with thick smoke. The incident has yet again brought into focus the BMC 'readiness' to deal with such a major fire incident.The building is reportedly not equipped with fire alarms that could have sounded the alert, the firemen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12656621", "title": "China offers aid to stranded Indian traders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Yang Jiechi , Chinese foreign minister, has promised to help the two Indian traders stranded in Yiwu as they fight a case with the Chinese suppliers. During a bilateral meeting with foreign minister S M Krishna in Moscow, on the sidelines of the Russia-India-China trilateral, Krishna asked Yang to intervene because the two traders are running out of money, the case is dragging on and the duo has had to resort to spending nights on the streets.Sources quoted Yang as saying the issue was with the Chinese judicial authorities, but that the government had conveyed to them the concerns of the Indian government. He said the Chinese foreign ministry \"would play a positive role\" to help resolve the issue, Yang told Krishna.Krishna met Chinese Yang in Moscow on the sidelines of the trilateral meeting of foreign ministers of India, Russia and China. It was the third meeting of foreign ministers this year. It signifies the intensive high-level interaction that characterizes India-China ties and the importance that both sides place on the relationship.The hour-long meeting focused on several bilateral and multilateral issues. Official sources said, the ministers stressed the importance of an early meeting of an India-China Maritime Dialogue, which was decided during the last round of special representative talks in New Delhi.India and China have also decided to start dialogues on Central Asia , West Asia and Africa. The ministers said it would be finalized soon. They also agreed to resume the India-China dialogue on Disarmament and Non Proliferation. This decision is interesting in the light of the North Korean test on Friday and Pakistan's continued building of its nuclear arsenal.In a follow-up of Hu Jintao's discussions in New Delhi last month, Yang told Krishna that Beijing would encourage their companies to invest infrastructure projects in India.Late last month, the traders, Shyamsundar Agarwal and Deepak Raheja, who are in the centre of the dispute in Yiwu, were evicted from the hotel they were staying in because they had run out of money. After they were `kidnapped' by Chinese suppliers in Yiwu last December for over two weeks, the traders had been supported by the Indian Consulate in Shanghai. They duo has asked the MEA to support them while they are stuck in China.Their plight came to light only when an Indian diplomat, who had gone to secure their release, fainted after being disallowed from leaving by Chinese negotiators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12657995", "title": "Two brothers die in mishap", "text": "BHOPAL: Two brothers died and their uncle sustained injuries after a speeding truck knocked them from behind in Bhopal district on Friday morning. The incident took place near Eithkhedi in the rural area of Bhopal.\"The two boys, Vicky, 10, and his younger brother, Golu, 6, died on the spot. The deceased uncle, Sundar Lal, suffered minor injuries,\" Gunga police said.Police said the incident took place around 8.30 am, when the deceased and their uncle were riding a bike to Mandideep. The speeding truck bearing registration number MPM-3717 hit the victims' bike from behind, the police said. The truck, laden with boulders, was heading towards Bhopal. The children were rushed to hospital where they were declared dead. The police have seized the truck and a case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12662151", "title": "Narain to play a historical researcher", "text": "After portraying the historical figure Mohammed Abdul Rahiman in Veeraputhran, actor Narain will next be seen playing a historical researcher in Hariharan-MT Vasudevan duo's Ezhaamathey Varavu.Director Hariharan says, \"Narain plays a Delhi-based genealogist who comes to a forest as part of his research. The story of the film will be told through his eyes.\"The director also adds that though Ezhaamathey Varavu is a small film compared to his previous venture, the mega-budget Pazhassi Raja, the film conveys a huge message in terms of the environment protection.Meanwhile, Narain will next be seen in B Unnikrishnan's Grandmaster with Mohanlal and Priyamani. The flick has already receiving enough buildup as media giant UTV's Mollywood launch vehicle.However, few of the rumour-mongers have it that the storyline of the flick is inspired by Liam Neeson's Hollywood hit Taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659159", "title": "Voter enrolment drive from April 16", "text": "BANGALORE: Here's another chance to get your voter ID card. Starting April 16, Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) officials will knock on your door to ensure you are in the electoral rolls.Forms for voter enrolment and changes in voter details will be distributed during the 15-day drive. If residences are locked, the staff will leave behind contact details of booth-level officers and citizens can contact them.Resident welfare associations will be involved in this drive. BBMP staff will move around in the civic agency's vans and there's also a proposal to click photographs on the spot. Palike staff will be assisted by retired government servants in this drive. This initiative follows reports that Bangalore (at 80%) has the lowest voter enrolment in the country.\"Migration and voter apathy are the two major reasons for the low enrolment of voters in Bangalore,\" BBMP commissioner M K Shankarlinge Gowda said.Late RealizationA reverification will be conducted into the deletion of over 15 lakhs names from the voters' list by the BBMP in January 2012. It was alleged that lakhs of genuine voters were disenfranchised . The deletion of names of genuine voters was exposed during the Gandhinagar ward bypolls in February when several citizens who turned up at polling booths were sent back because their names were missing from the list.\"We realized that some genuine voters too were affected by the drive to clean up the voters' list. During the drive, we'll visit persons whose names have been deleted for reverification and names of genuine voters will be included. We want to mend our mistakes,\" Gowda said.Resource CrunchThe proposed drive is likely to stretch the civic body's manpower resources. Palike staff are already at work on providing unique identification numbers for properties, socio-economic census and property tax collection, besides daily work.\"We have been burdened with all kinds of works. About 5,828 officials have been deputed for the voters' registration drive. We have to collect a minimum of Rs 600 - Rs 700 crore property tax by April 31. Some work is certain to be affected when we try doing everything. Besides , it's only human to expect to be paid for extra work but it's just not happening,\" a revenue official said on condition of anonymity. The civic body staff is upset that remuneration for census work has not been given as the the cheques were reportedly misplaced.\"Yes, they are burdened, But we have no other choice but to carry out the enrolment drive too,\" BBMP commissioner M K Shankarlinge Gowda said.During a discussion with zonal joint commissioners on Friday, an official raised the issue of pending payment of Rs 4,50,000 to officials for census work. \"About 250 employees have to be paid Rs 2,000 each. They worked on a survey to find out the SC/ST population in the city during October-November 2011. But they have not received a single rupee so far,\" said K C Shivashankar , joint director-east , BBMP. The commissioner instructed the authorities to pay the dues immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12657929", "title": "19 IAS officers transferred", "text": "BHOPAL: In a major administrative reshuffle, Madhya Pradesh Government on Friday transferred 19 senior IAS officers including Deepak Khandekar, the Principal Secretary to CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan.Khandekar will be replaced by principal secretary (Revenue) Manoj Shrivastava, who is considered close to Chouhan and had earlier served as the Commissioner for Public Relations for nearly three years.Ajita Vajpayee Pandey will be the new Principal Secretary of the Technical Education Department and Amita Sharma will serve as the Resident Commissioner of MP in New Delhi. D K Samant Ray has been made the new principal secretary of General Administration Department, Suranjana Ray is new principal secretary of Backward Class and Minorities Welfare Department, B P Singh is the Relief Commissioner and officiating principal secretary of Revenue, Rehabilitation, Religious Trust and Endowment Department.Vijaya Shrivastava will serve as the principal secretary General Administration (Personnel) Department, Deepak Khandekar as Commissioner Jabalpur, Praveer Krishna as the principal secretary Health and Family Welfare, Bhopal Gas Tragedy and Relief Department.Sanjay Singh as the principal secretary of School Education Department, Shailendra Singh as Managing Director, Mineral Development Corporation and Secretary of Mineral Resources Department, they said.SK Mishra has been posted as the Secretary Public Health Department and will continue as the secretary to the chief minister, Ravindra Pastore as Mission Director NRHM, Dr Manohar Agnani as Commissioner Health Services, Manish Rastogi as the Commissioner Budget.Sukhveer Singh has been made Chairman-cum-Managing Director of MP Eastern Region Power Distribution Company, Jabalpur, Amit Rathore is the Commissioner Commercial Taxes, Indore and Mahesh Chandra Choudhary is Collector Chhindwara, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "washington/new delhi", "code": "12656668", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan questioned at US airport again", "text": "WASHINGTON/NEW DELHI: All the time, money, and effort that he expended in declaring \"My name is Khan and I am not a terrorist\" evidently had little impact on US airport officials. The Indian government on Friday intervened strongly on behalf of Bollywood icon Shah Rukh Khan after he was stopped for extended questioning by US airport authorities who, by the star's own account, \"kick the star out of stardom\".The second episode involving Shah Rukh Khan versus US airport officials-the previous one was in 2009-went something like this: Khan arrived at White Plains Airport on a small private plane along with industrialist spouse Nita Ambani and some others en route to Yale University, where the Bollywood megastar was to receive a Chubb fellowship and deliver a speech.While Ambani and others were cleared swiftly, Khan was reportedly stopped for extended questioning about his programme. By Khan's own account, related in interactions with students when he finally reached Yale some three hours behind schedule, he was held for 90 minutes. Others said it was two hours.On the face of it, Khan appeared to take the episode in his stride and even joked about it. The actor said, \"Yes it (being detained at a US airport) always happens, it's nice. Whenever I start feeling too arrogant about myself, I always make a trip to America. The immigration guys kicked the star out of stardom.'' Continuing in a similar vein, Khan said, \"They (immigration officials) always ask me how tall I am and I always lie and say 5 feet 10 inches. Next time, I am going to get more adventurous. (If they ask me) what colour are you, I am going to say white,\" he said.But his supporters and aides put a much more serious spin on it, saying the star was furious and it required the intervention of Yale authorities to expedite his release, although at no point was he considered under detention.Khan also spoke about some off-the-cuff answers he gave authorities, underplaying the gravity of the episode which India's ministry of external affairs considered serious enough to intervene in.External affairs minister S M Krishna is said to have asked ambassador Nirupama Rao to take up the matter with the highest US authorities. \"This has become a habit of detention and then apology, this cannot continue. We need an assurance that this won't happen again,\" Krishna said after US customs and border protection officials expressed 'profound' apologies for detaining Khan. MEA sources were quoted as saying, \"Repeated problem for same person followed by clearance on account of consulate intervention and mechanical apology is not adequate.\"In a media statement, the US embassy in Delhi apologized for the \"inconvenience\" caused to Khan, and embassy spokesperson Peter Vrooman said, \"You can use the Department of Homeland Security Traveler Redress Inquiry Program (DHS TRIP) to resolve issues such as misidentification. DHS TRIP is a single point of contact for individuals who have inquiries or seek resolution regarding difficulties they experienced during their travel screening at transportation hubs.\" Vrooman said, \"Please allow me on behalf of our diplomatic mission in India to apologize if Mr Shah Rukh Khan experienced an inconvenience or delay yesterday in White Plains, New York on his way to Yale University,\" he told reporters here.According to sources, US deputy chief of mission Donald Lu was summoned by joint secretary (Americas) Javed Ashraf and conveyed India's \"concern\" over the issue.Close friend and Congress MP Rajiv Shukla condemned the incident: \"One cannot detain a person whose identity is well-established, be it Shah Rukh or A P J Abdul Kalam (the former president was also detained in the past). On the principle of random checking, you cannot harass anyone.''Some other Bollywood 'Khans' also narrated their own incidents of \"harassment\". Director Kabir Khan , who has been detained three times so far, said, \"That Shah Rukh's name popped up in their system yet again is ridiculous. The last time this happened, the correction was made and his credentials established. It only shows that their security apparatus is faulty.\" Director Sajid Khan seconded, \"I have also been through similar situations, but my detention has not been for lesser duration.\" And an angry Irrfan, who travels often to the US to shoot for Hollywood films, said, \"America is the most advanced country in the world. Do they really have such a flawed security system that the name of a person keeps popping each time he lands at the airport? I have been detained at US airports not just once but at least four times and for two to three hours. One cannot even make a phone call to the studio, though they have a car waiting outside the airport to pick you up.''Shah Rukh Khan will return to Mumbai on Saturday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "khud mohalla", "code": "12658625", "title": "People stream to his shop for 'katlamas', 'amrase'", "text": "KHUD MOHALLA: On Baisakhi, people swarm to the shop of Bhushan Arora, 57, a sweet-meat maker, in Khud Mohalla from 5am. For, it is only on this day that he makes ''katlamas'' and ''amrase''.The delicacies are quite special for Bhushan, as these have been passed on to him by his fore-fathers, who used to sell these outside Panja Sahib Gurdwara, near Rawalpindi, in Pakistan . ''I am the forth generation making ''amrase'' and ''katlamas''. We settled here after the Partition and since then, we have been carrying forward this tradition,'' said Bhushan.''I remember my grandfather, Sewa Ram, preparing these on Baisakhi. 'Katlamas' is big and heavy. It is made of the dough of refined flour which is fried in desi ghee. 'Amrase' are made of rice and jaggery,'' he added.Amit, 29, Bhushan's son, too, helps him as he prepares over 4,000 pieces of 'katlamas' and 10,000 of 'amrase'. ''More than 10 quintals of refined flour is used and the festival day is very hectic. We start at 5am and work continuously till 5pm. Not only Ludhianvis, but people from near-by areas too come to our shop,'' said Amit. Sunil Kumar, 32, a businessman of Sector 32, who was standing in a queue outside the shop, said, ''The size of one ''katlamas'' is so big that it can treat three families. It is eaten with chickpeas. I come here every Baisakhi, as on this day, we have it in breakfast.''Manjeet Kaur, 43, a home-maker of Mohar Singh Nagar, said, ''Baisakhi celebrations are incomplete without ''katlamas'' and ''amrase''. After paying obeisance at a gurdwara, I buy these... my children love to eat these delicacies.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12658180", "title": "Cabinet nod to 123 new road projects", "text": "RANCHI: The State government on Friday approved 132 new road and bridge projects for fiscal year 2012-2013. It also decided to continue giving support to ongoing 306 projects in the current fiscal.State cabinet secretary Aditya Swaroop said the government will provide Rs 433 crore for the new projects and around Rs 1216 crore for the ongoing projects.\"The projects were sanctioned by the council of ministers on basis of detailed presentation by the road construction department,\" said Swaroop. The cabinet secretary added that the department has tried to equally distribute projects all over the state and remove any regional imbalance.The cabinet also approved the proposal of energy department for the electrification of 463 villages that were left out of Rajiv Gandhi Rural Electrification Programme. For this, the cabinet has approved Rs 72.39 crore and the work will be under taken by Jharkhand State Electricity Board. Another important proposal which was approved by the cabinet was the compensation to polling officials in case of casualty and disability during election for urban bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12656909", "title": "Lagaan \u2018sequel\u2019 revives memories", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: In a friendly match played between Indian and British members of parliament at the HPCA stadium here on Friday, Indians won by putting up a target of 227 runs for the British team against which they only scored 170 runs after losing nine wickets in 20 overs.After the Indian team won the toss for the T20 match, it decided to bat first. Beginning at 10.30 am, the openers were Rajasthan MP Dushyant Singh and Kuldeep Bishnoi from Haryana. Mohammad Azharuddin with a 46-ball century, scored maximum runs among all the MPs. His century with 17 fours and two sixes contributed to the victory of the Indian team. Indian MPs' team captain Anurag Thakur scored 22 runs. Interestingly, it was the captains of both the teams who took the wickets of each other. Anurag Thakur was caught on the ball of Mathew Hancock, who is also a good cricketer otherwise. On the other hand, Hancock was bowled out by Thakur.The match was also enjoyed by chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , who was present there with his younger son Arun Dhumal. Hancock said that it was always disappointing to lose, but this T20 match had reduced the gap between the two countries.\"We were playing for the fun and it was a relation-building match. It was a nice experience for all of us. We are not distinguished cricketers but still we received hospitality of superior kind,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12659170", "title": "Security staff guard chopper, allow only residents into building", "text": "The Maithri Opulence apartment and its terrace were completely sanitized on Friday with personnel from the police and Defence Security Force (DSF) guarding the Schweizer chopper. The light utility chopper 300C of the HAL Rotary Wing Academy had forcelanded at 4.35pm Thursday atop the five-storey building in GM Palya behind DRDO and BEML after its engine stalled.The clearing process was done on security grounds with residents not allowed to go near the craft. Only authorized DSF personnel transported the copter to a designated area at HAL airport. Security was tight and DGCA officials were tightlipped about the operation.Apartment residents were free to walk in corridors and balconies as well as the porch area but nowhere close to the terrace. Security personnel at the entrance checked IDs of all people entering the apartment and only residents or relatives were allowed inside.On the terrace, five DSF personnel guarded the 490kg chopper through Thursday night. \"On Friday morning, reinforcements arrived with police personnel from different police stations joining them,\" Subba Rao, an apartment resident, said. Another resident said: \"There were no restrictions on movement within the building but no one was allowed on the terrace.\"By 11am Friday, HAL and DGCA officials and pilot Air Commodore (retd) Roj Assey came to the terrace to inspect the chopper and the terrace . After two hours, the officials and pilot left.Fr Sebastian, a relative of a resident , told TOI he had come from Allahabad to meet his brother. \"In the night, we were conscious of the fact that there was a copter above our heads. It was a surreal experience for me to be welcomed to the city with a helicopter on the roof.\" Residents said there was no discussion with officials on who would pay for the building damage. \"Fortunately, there was no serious damage. A small portion of the ventilator was hit by one rotor. Nothing else has been reported. Officials told us they were focused on clearing the chopper. We could see the work going on. There were a lot of police and other security officials. Cranes operated from below to lift the chopper up from terrace to the ground. We could see it from our balcony,\" said a resident Anup Agarwal.While clearing work was on, choppers did multiple training sorties in the area. An advanced light helicopter too hovered around the apartment complex keeping watch over the work. Vishnu Singh Rawat, chief flying instructor , HAL Rotary Wing Academy, explained that airlifting the chopper was ruled out and cranes were used to remove the debris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12658150", "title": "Political parties agree on making footpaths walkable", "text": "PUNE: In a move that spells relief for the civic administration, all major political parties in the city have said that footpath encroachments, if any, by their party members and corporators will be removed.The civic administration has directed ward officers to start an anti-encroachment drive to clear footpaths in the city following the Urban Development Department's (UDD) recent orders to the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) regarding the same. The UDD has stated that all footpaths in the city should be made walkable.Political encroachments - in the form of libraries, benches and party offices - are among the various kinds of hurdles on footpaths that force pedestrians to take to the roads. TOI contacted leaders and city unit chiefs of major political parties in the city and questioned them regarding these political encroachments. Ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) spokesperson Ankush Kakade said, \"We welcome the initiative. The civic administration should take action against all encroachments on footpaths, including that of political parties. We will not oppose the move in any way. Our party leaders or workers should not be spared if they are involved in such activities.\"Kakade further said the same yardstick should be applied to all parties and the administration should not succumb to pressure tactics or the aggressive stand, if taken, by parties like the Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).Coming out in support of the administration's anti-encroachment drive was Congress city unit chief Abhay Chhajed. He said, \"We will not claim that our party workers have not encroached upon footpaths, even if the numbers are small. We will convince our workers and leaders to remove their encroachments and to not support such activities.\"However, BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari maintained that the BJP is not party to such illegal activities. He said, \"The BJP is a party with discipline. Our corporators and leaders do not indulge in such work.\" Asked what the party's reaction will be if citizens complain of encroachments by BJP corporators and workers, Mathkari said, \"The question does not arise. We are not involved in such activities.\"Shiv Sena MLC Neelam Gorhe said that specific encroachments on footpaths should be identified and action taken. \"We should not make general statement about political encroachments. Anyway, our party will not support anyone who has blocked footpaths. We are all for a pedestrian friendly city,\" she added.Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporator and leader of opposition in PMC Vasant More said, \"We will support the PMC in whatever action it takes to make footpaths hurdlefree.\" Asked whether the party will oppose the drive if action is initiated against MNS workers and leaders, More said,\"There is no question of supporting any illegal activity. Footpaths are for people to walk on and no encroachment should be tolerated.\"\"The political parties must take action and not just make statements. Also, citizens must get together and tell political parties to remove encroachments from their localities,\" said Vikas Kale, a resident of Satara road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12658042", "title": "Lokayukta raid on sub-engineer home, property worth Rs 2 crore unearthed", "text": "BHOPAL: The Special Police Establishment (SPE) of Lokayukta on Friday raided the house of a sub-engineer of the public health engineering (PHE) in the neighbouring Raisen district and unearthed property worth more than Rs 2 crore, allegedly amassed by him unlawfully, officials said.SPE sleuths swooped on the PHE sub-engineer R K Shrivastava's three-storied house at Arjun Nagar and recovered Rs 95,000 in cash, papers relating to his bank fixed deposits worth Rs 6.2 lakh, bank lockers cash of Rs 3 lakh, investments, three plots and 10 acres land in Raisen.\"Apart from this, the Lokayukta police recovered documents relating to Shrivastava's house in Piplani in the state capital. The sub-engineer possesses a car, tractor and two motorcycles, \"Bhopal SPE Superintendent Siddharth Choudhary told TOI.\"Our search exercise is still on,\" he added.He said officer has been booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act.The Special Police Establishment carried out the raid, after primary investigation into a complaint against Shrivastava, who joined PHE in 1980 and was presently drawing a monthly salary of Rs 38,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656709", "title": "More harassment cases surface at Central Board of Workers\u2019 Education", "text": "NAGPUR: The poor luck for senior officials of Central Board For Workers Education continued as more complaints of harassment against them came to fore on the day they tried to offer clarifications about allegations of sexual harassment by an upper division clerk. CBWE, a unit under Union ministry of labour and employment, is engaged in training central government employees.On Friday, CBWE top officials were trying to rubbish the claims of senior clerk Vrinda (name changed) at a media conference at their North Ambazari Road national headquarters. During the conference itself, it came to fore that a woman lower division clerk too had sent her complaint to higher authorities about the mental harassment by a senior official at Board's office at Bhopal.CBWE director Arvind Kumar Drave, against whom allegations of sexual harassment have been made, is facing a similar accusation by husband of an education officer at Goa. The woman officer's husband, who is a Goa MLA, has written to ministry of labour against the director. There had been another earlier complaint of sexual harassment in the organization.Drave told reporters that insistence on strict discipline seemed to be his undoing. \"All allegations against me have been levelled because I have pulled up these complainants on for breach of discipline. The organization's work culture had no discipline and it had to be improved,\" he said.Drave, pointed out inconsistent declaration of family details by Vrinda, said such fabricated information by an employee was against conduct rules.\"The employee also did not refer the matter to either the sexual harassment grievance cell or the vigilance officer. The higher authorities and ministry have already received information about the episode and now they would take decision,\" said Drave. He added that the enquiry against the woman's declaration would start soon. \"We need proper declarations about family as government offers certain facilities to family members that cannot be given to someone not ineligible,\" said Drave.Vrinda said that the office had no right to dig out her personal details and violate her privacy. \"Even police are not accepting my complaint. I was subjected to unwanted touches and also made to hear abusive words that violated my modesty,\" she said. She has countered claims of officials that there existed a woman grievance cell in the office.LR Somkuwar, head of the woman grievance cell, said she did not receive any complaint so far but would look into it if it is presented to her.\"The letter about the cell was sent to different departments,\" she said when asked about creating an awareness about the cell in the organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12657807", "title": "Seven arrested in Siolim Catholic-believers war", "text": "MAPUSA: Seven persons were arrested by the Mapusa police on Friday evening in connection with the tension at the Sodiem-Siolim on the Easter day. Mapusa police inspector Bhanudas Dessai informed that police arrested Francis Fernandes, Issac D'Souza Sebastian Fernandes, Culwin D'Cunha, Francis Rodrigues, Jeffry Fernandes and Clinton Fernandes. Police has arrested them under sections 143, 147, 447, 447,448, 427, 504, 149 of the IPC. They were later released on bail.Since the incident on Easter Sunday a tense atmosphere has prevailed in Sodiem between the Catholic villagers and break away Christian sect, Believers when the latter allegedly set crackers fire crackers while the Easter service was going on in the Tropa church.Following the incident two members of the believers group, Dominic and his wife Joan D'Souza were arrested by Mapusa police under sections 295, 295(A) 296 ,153 (A) read with 34 of the IPC and section 7 and 8 of the Madhya Pradesh Noise Act. In the counter complaint Domnic D'Souza and Jo- an D'Souza has accused the parishioners for trespassing, threatening them and damaging their property.Judicial Magistrate First Class Mapusa on Monday granted the conditional bail to the pastor Domnic D'Souza and Jo an D'Souza on the conditions that the couple should not enter Sodiem-Siolim for the next 60 days and a personal bond of 15,000 each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12657755", "title": "Pakistan wants quality tea from South India", "text": "COIMBATORE: Even as they look to double tea imports from India by 2015, the Pakistan Tea Association (PTA) has urged tea producers in South India to improve quality to grow their presence in a market dominated by Kenyan teas.Almost the entire 24 million kg (mkg) of tea that was exported from India to Pakistan last year was from the south.\"There will be room for growth but we are interested in better teas,\" said PTA chairman Mohammad Hanif Janoo. \"There is a lot of potential for good teas,\" he said.The portion of quality teas exported from south India to Pakistan is quite small, a senior PTA official said. \"There is a perception that only poor quality teas are exported from south India,\" he said.Though input prices have gone up sharply, the Pakistani market gets teas priced at Rs 40-45 per kg from south India, Janoo said. \"The opportunity to expand is there but average prices have to rise up to the same level as East Africa (teas).\" The average price realisation for teas from the south is less than half of its main competitor Kenya.Tea exports to Pakistan have, however, continued to grow. Exports, which were to the tune of only 5-10 mkg two years ago, have risen at a fast clip, a senior United Planters' Association of South India official said.Stating that the consumption of teas in Pakistan is on the rise, the PTA chairman said they have reached an understanding with ITA ( Indian Tea Association) for sampling of teas which are exported, on a single platform. A 12-member PTA delegation is in the country to discuss trade opportunities between the two countries.Pakistan consumed about 220 mkg of tea last year and Kenya accounted about 58% of its imports. Kenya and East African countries accounted for 66% of Pakistan's imports. The Pakistan market was dominated mostly by India till the late 70s. But the government banned tea exports to Pakistan during the period. This led Pakistan to go for imports from Kenya, which has continued its domination ever since.Once Pakistan grants MFN (most favoured nation) status to India, it would give a level-playing field for trade. The proposal to open up trade among South Asian nations would help in reducing the duties on tea from 10% to 5%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659094", "title": "Projects worth 35,785L crore get cleared", "text": "BANGALORE: Forty-three projects assuring investment of Rs 35,785 lakh crore, including three SEZs near Bangalore, six sugar mills and two cement plants in north Karnataka, were cleared by the state highlevel clearance committee (SHLCC) headed by chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on FridayIndustries minister Murugesh R Nirani told reporters on Friday that 4,83,021 persons would get employment when these projects become operational in the next three to four years.The SHLCC cleared three SEZs in Bangalore Urban and Rural districts. While Australian aerospace giant Vyoneeshrosebank Technologies in collaboration with the Sunrise Interactive India is setting up its Rs 266 crore aerospace facility at Whitefield in Bangalore , Tata Consultancy Services plans to set up an IT/ITES SEZ at Tubarahalli in Bangalore Rural district at an investment of Rs 3,400 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12657546", "title": "Rain relief", "text": "JAIPUR: After Wednesday's dust storm accompanied by very light drizzle, the weather across the state took a pleasant turn on Friday. Rain accompanied with dust storm lashed the northern and eastern parts of the state. Many parts in Jaisalmer, Jodhpur and outskirts of Jaipur, including Bassi also witnessed hail storm. The change was timely with the weekend around and also provided some relief from the grimy heat which prevailed for the past few days.Attributing the climatic change to the western disturbances and dampening of upper air cyclonic circulation, the Met office said the ongoing pattern is going to continue for the next couple of days. So, people can chill out on the weekend! Heavy dust storm is expected in the northern and eastern parts of the state in next 24 hours.Jaipurites woke up to a pleasant morning followed by a less hotter day as the city witnessed a maximum temperature of 35.4 degrees Celsius, almost 2 degrees below the normal maximum temperature.Heavy rain lashed several parts of the city for almost half-an-hour in the evening.Heavy dust storm accompanied with thunderstorm and rain affected normal life and traffic in the city. Some parts of the city also witnessed rain that provided respite from the blistering conditions. Unofficial reports said places, including Bassi also witnessed hailstorm in the evening which affected the rabi crop. \"Wheat is being harvested currently and the sudden rain may play spoilsport,\" said an agriculture specialist.However, the flight schedule was not hit by the weather conditions, but traffic was hit on highway due to dust cover.Sriganganagar, Luni, Rohat and Kota witnessed rainfall of 1 cm each.Jhalawar remained the hottest, The maximum temperature was recorded at 41.8\u00b0C. It was followed by Barmer that recorded a maximum temperature of 39\u00b0C, Kota 38\u00b0C, Chittorgarh 38.7\u00b0C, Vanasthali 36.9\u00b0C, Ajmer 36.7\u00b0C, Jodhpur 36.1\u00b0C and Pilani recorded a maximum of 29.5\u00b0C.Met office said the cloudy conditions would prevail in the northern, eastern and western parts of the state in the next 48 hours. It further said the temperatures would further dip across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12658607", "title": "Anti-Sikh riots: Congress opposes entry of default judgment in US court", "text": "JALANDHAR: A law firm engaged by Congress party to represent it in a US court in a case pertaining to anti-Sikh riots of 1984, has opposed the entry of a default judgment. The opposition filed in the court has held that the 1984 riots case \"involves significant issues of public international law that should not be decided by a default judgment\".Judge Robert W Sweet of the US federal court, who is presiding the 1984 Sikh genocide case, has now set the case for arguments on May 2, 2012.Citing several authorities of superior courts of US and invoking several law points the defending law firm, Jones Day has argued that since all happenings took place in India, the US court had no jurisdiction over it. The papers, filed on behalf of the Congress states, \"All individuals and property purportedly harmed by the INC was located in India. Any witnesses or documents that the INC may have, relating to the alleged events, are located in India.\"It has sought dismissal of the petition filed against Congress by Sikhs For Justice (SFJ), a US-based advocacy group. The class action filed by the plaintiffs, (SFJ) and others, \"is against a foreign political party for alleged acts occurring entirely abroad more than 27 years ago,\" said Congress' lawyer Thomas E Lynch in his reply submitted in the court.\"The magnitude of the issues at stake, the public international and foreign nature of the lawsuit, the fatal deficiencies in plaintiffs' claims, and the longstanding principle that cases should be resolved on the merits all preclude entry of a default judgment against the INC\", the opposition further states.SFJ had filed motion for entry of default judgment against Congress (I) for its failure to defend the charges of conspiring, aiding, abetting, organizing and carrying out attacks on Sikhs in November 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "12657441", "title": "Health department officer caught accepting Rs 1Lakh bribe", "text": "BIKANER: The ACB caught an officer of the health department red-handed for taking commission worth Rs 1 lakh. The officer, Sohanlal Godara, is working as district health officer and holds an additional charge of joint director, Medical and Health, Bikaner.ACB head constable Khaman Singh told TOI that there was a complaint about commission being taken by Godara in lieu of releasing payment for polio kits.After verifying the complaint, the ACB team, headed by ASP (ACB) Ravidutt Gaur carried out a raid at Godara's office situated opposite Govt. PBM Hospital, and he was caught red-handed while accepting commission in cash.He was openly accepting the commission amount and was putting it in his briefcase. An amount of Rs 1.9 lakh was recovered from his briefcase.During primary interrogation, Godara has claimed that he is not the sole owner of this cash, 50 per cent share would have gone to the CMHO and 30 per cent to the statistical officer, and in turn they were to pay some other higher officers in Jaipur. A search operation is on at his residence and a case has been registered under Section 13 of the Anti-Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12658360", "title": "Anti-Sikh riots: Congress opposes entry of default judgment in US court", "text": "JALANDHAR: A law firm engaged by Congress party to represent it in a US court in a case pertaining to anti-Sikh riots of 1984, has opposed the entry of a default judgment. The opposition filed in the court has held that the 1984 riots case \"involves significant issues of public international law that should not be decided by a default judgment\".Judge Robert W Sweet of the US federal court, who is presiding the 1984 Sikh genocide case, has now set the case for arguments on May 2, 2012.Citing several authorities of superior courts of US and invoking several law points the defending law firm, Jones Day has argued that since all happenings took place in India, the US court had no jurisdiction over it. The papers, filed on behalf of the Congress states, \"All individuals and property purportedly harmed by the INC was located in India. Any witnesses or documents that the INC may have, relating to the alleged events, are located in India.\"It has sought dismissal of the petition filed against Congress by Sikhs For Justice (SFJ), a US-based advocacy group. The class action filed by the plaintiffs, (SFJ) and others, \"is against a foreign political party for alleged acts occurring entirely abroad more than 27 years ago,\" said Congress' lawyer Thomas E Lynch in his reply submitted in the court.\"The magnitude of the issues at stake, the public international and foreign nature of the lawsuit, the fatal deficiencies in plaintiffs' claims, and the longstanding principle that cases should be resolved on the merits all preclude entry of a default judgment against the INC\", the opposition further states.SFJ had filed motion for entry of default judgment against Congress (I) for its failure to defend the charges of conspiring, aiding, abetting, organizing and carrying out attacks on Sikhs in November 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "rajpura", "code": "12656869", "title": "Crowds throng for a glimpse of miniature version of Sikh scripture", "text": "RAJPURA: It's difficult to even notice it, but thousands of devotees have been lining up in local Gurdwara Singh Sabha to have a glimpse of one inch size Guru Granth Sahib, which is 100 years old . Granthis from Gurdwara Maithan Sahib of Agra have been taking this smallest Granth to various places so that maximum devotees could see it.As per literature given by Granthi Kulwinder Singh, the Granth was specially prepared in 1913 by the authorities of then British Indian Army when soldiers of Sikh regiment refused to go to battleground without Granth Sahib.\"It was impossible for all soldiers to carry normal size Granth Sahib. After refusal from Sikh soldiers, authorities got prepared this small size of Guru Granth Sahib from a printing press of Germany for Sikh soldiers,\" said Kulwinder, while pointing towards small Granth. It has total 1,430 pages. To study it Granthis have been carrying a special big lens so that devotees could check the words of Granth.\"On Monday, around 2,500 persons from Rajpura and surrounding areas visited this grant while on Tuesday we the figure crossed around to 3,000. We don't want to disappoint anyone have even kept gates opened till 8.30 pm on Monday night\" said Kulwinder.After receiving requests from many gurdwaras, the authorities of Agra Gurdwara decided to take mini Granth to various places. They left Agra on January 21 and went to Ludhiana,Khanna,Jalandhar,Kapurthala,Nakodar, Bulandpur and now in Rajpura.About their future plans, Kulwinder singh they would go to some other places also of north India before going back to Agra as the requests of many other Gurdwaras are still pending.\"I had heard about this grant four years back from my some Delhi-based relatives. But today I have a glimpse of this Granth with the grace of God\" said Rajvir Kaur, student of government school Rajpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12658924", "title": "Every drop counts", "text": "MYSORE: Get ready for water rationing. Faced with a faulty distribution network, Mysore City Corporation (MCC) has decided to ration the supply and will announce the schedule. The limited time supply is likely to come into force early next week. The rationing will be in place at least till May-end.The civic body will press five additional tankers, taking their number to 40, and start the operations from 6am. There will be an exclusive mobile squad to attend to complaints and the officials tasking with water supply will meet daily at 7pm and chalk out a strategy. MCC has Rs 1-crore special grant, while Rs 30 lakh sanctioned to each of the three city MLAs for water will be used to meet the drinking water needs of one million people.Armed with chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda's directive to directly handle water supply in the city, the civic body is focusing on supplying water to all 65 wards. Some pockets in 14 wards are facing problems owing to technical reasons, which has aggravated since a month, leading to street protests. While the local body was confident that the crisis could be effectively handled with the commissioning of 14 overhead tanks by mid-April, the problem has deepened with some areas going dry. With the election to the civic body nine months away, the issue has assumed political colours.What has made the issue tricky is the Cauvery row with the Tamil Nadu seeking the apex court to restrain Karnataka from using water in the four major dams in the Cauvery delta, including the Krishnarajasagar dam, the main source for Mysore's drinking water needs. The live storage, which is usable water at the dam, is half of what it was during the corresponding period last year. Sources told TOI that as on Friday, 8.212 tmcft of water is available at the dam, which was 16.280 tmcft last year. As against the maximum of 124.8 feet, the water level is 91.08 feet, which is 11 feet less compared to 2011.This is for the first time in four years that the civic body is going in for extraordinary move even as the main water source has not hit rock bottom, indicating the mess in the execution of the project to overhaul the water distribution network.District minister S A Ramdas blamed Jameshdpur Utilities and Services Company (Jusco), a unit of Tata, for the mess but didn't spare the MCC either. \"I don't know who devised the terms of conditions for the O&M; of the water distribution network before signing agreement with Jusco. We can't go back on it too, even when Jusco is ready to pack and go,\" Ramdas said. \"For two months, we will supply water during a particular time and we will announce the schedule too,\" he said.MCC agreed that even when the water level had plummeted to 67 feet, it had ensured the supply, which it cannot do now. Ramdas attributed this to lack of co-ordination between the MCC and Jusco officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12658041", "title": "Hospitals relying on wells, borewells, water tankers", "text": "PUNE: The ongoing water cut in the city is hitting hospitals hard. While the water cut at the state-run Sassoon general hospital has thrown cleanliness out of gear and is compelling doctors to reschedule surgeries, many private hospital are relying on borewells and wells to make up for the shortfall. Some are even being forced to buy tanker water to maintain routine functioning.\"Water cut has affected the cleanliness activities of the hospital. Planned surgeries are also being rescheduled everyday. If the cut continues, it will create a serious situation as we do not have any other water source except the water provided by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC),\" said D G Kulkarni, medical superintendent of Sassoon hospital.The authorities at Sassoon hospital have written a letter to the PMC. \"It is more than a week since we intimated the civic body about the problems we face due to water cut. But nothing has happened so far,\" Kulkarni said. The 1,296-bed government hospital is the biggest tertiary care centre catering to patients not only from Pune district but also from Solapur, Satara, Sangli, etc.Sassoon hospital faces water cut from 9 am to 9 pm. \"We receive water between 9 pm and 8.30 am. This water is being stored to carry out the routine procedures and surgeries during the daytime. We have to stop supply of the stored water between 2 pm and 6 pm and again from 8 pm to 6 am. Since the water supply of the stored water is stopped during this period, condition of washrooms meant for patients and relatives becomes worse and also the mopping and cleanliness activities get severely hampered,\" Kulkarni said.The overhead tank at the hospital has a capacity to store 12 lakh litres of water. \"We need seven to eight lakh litres a day for proper functioning. But, with the current water supply we could store only four lakh liters. The deficit of three lakh litres is being managed by cutting the supply of stored water during specific time slots,\" Kulkarni added.When contacted, V G Kulkarni, head of the water supply department at the PMC, refused to comment, saying that he was too busy to comment.To overcome the water shortage, private hospitals are relying on their own resources and tanker water.Sanjay Lalwani, medical director of Bharati hospital, said: \"Currently, around 50% of our water needs are being taken care of by the hospital's borewells. Only 20% of our need is being met by the water provided by the PMC. The rest 30% water the hospital needs is being purchased everyday. We are buying 10 to 12 water tankers daily to maintain the hospital's routine functioning.\"The 850-bed hospital has one of the biggest paediatric units in the state.Jehangir hospital, which has a requirement of 2.1 lakh liter water per day, is also relying on its own borewell. \"We are receiving 1.57 lakh liter water per day from the municipal corporation. The offset is taken care of by mixing borewell water with the PMC water. We have three borewells, but two of them have gone dry,\" said Lajpatrai Arya, chief operating officer of the hospital.The 550-bed KEM hospital at Rasta Peth is tackling the water crunch with the help of the hospital's old well. \"We are not purchasing tanker water. We have a well and the deficit is being taken care of with the help of well water,\" said V L Yemul, medical administrator of the hospital.Deenanath Mangeshkar hospital is purchasing tanker water to fill up the water deficit. \"We have been purchasing tanker water for almost one month now. We require 10 to 12 water tankers everyday,\" said Dhananjay Kelkar, medical director of DMH .Ruby Hall Clinic also relies on its well and borewell to fill the gap. \"We have a well and a borewell. They are being used as back-up during the water shortage,\" said Prashant Bachal, deputy manager (maintenance).The hospital faced severe water shortage during 2007-08 and had to buy 900 tankers of water that year. After that bad experience, the administration initiated rainwater harvesting and replenished the diminishing water table of its well. \"Now, all the deficit is being taken care of by the well and the borewell,\" Bachal said.The 250-bed Noble hospital is using the storage capacity of Magarpatta city, a township to which it is affiliated, to take care of the water deficit. \"We don't have to buy tanker water. If there is any shortage it is being taken care by the water storage of Magarapatta city,\" said Dilip Mane, medical director of Noble hospital.Administrator of Sahyadri hospital, Deccan branch, also says that the hospital is seriously suffering due to the water cut.\"Many of our areas where we keep critical patients need good amount of pure (PMC) water. The specific areas like intensive care units, operation theatres, neonatal intensive care unit and paediatric intensive care units need continuous pure water supply,\" said Soham Bhatwadekar, manager .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656833", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party internal poll may aggravate turmoil", "text": "NAGPUR: Organizational elections in the Nationalist Congress Party are scheduled to be completed next month. The process will begin on April 29 with ward level elections and end with electing state unit and national bodies by May 30.NCP is viewed as the party of the future, at least in Maharashtra. The rate at which it is spreading and gaining support, political observers feel it could outgrow the Congress in the next state assembly elections two years down the line. But bucking the trend, the party is on the decline in Vidarbha and Nagpur city is no exception.\"Invariably the coalition politics has hit the NCP as our traditional ally, the Congress, is a dominant partner. For instance, NCP gets no share of seats in state assembly elections in Nagpur where all the six seats are contested by the Congress. Similarly, in Lok Sabha elections, the NCP has a marginal role to play,\" said a senior NCP functionary from the city.\"We were pinning hopes on Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections to mobilize the grassroots workers. But even these hopes were dashed as the party got to contest only 29 of the 145 civic seats. To make matters worse, the NMC election was totally mismanaged at the party level. Loyal workers who served the party for ten years or more were sidelined and outsiders were given the ticket. Today the NCP is in total disarray in the city,\" said a local leader.There is already a clamour in the party for removal of Ajay Patil as the city president because of the poor performance in NMC elections. His detractors have cited statistics to support the demand.The NCP had in 2002 contested all 116 seats in NMC poll and won 12 , winning 1.72 lakh votes. This vote came down to 81,000 in 2007 NMC elections. But what is of grave concern for the party leaders is that in 2012 NMC poll the NCP could garner only 46,114 votes and win only six of the 33 seats it contested.\"In this background, we are finding it tough to get new workers to associate with the party in the city. Unless the party leadership acts with an iron hand and makes suitable changes, there is no hope for the party's growth in the city,\" said another senior NCP leader from the city.In this scenario, the party elections, at least in the city, are a mere formality and there is a fear that that party will disintegrate further,\" said a NCP functionary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12658269", "title": "Ask Dhruv why he got Shehla murdered: Saba", "text": "INDORE: Co-accused in the RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case, Saba Farooqui on Friday accused the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) of shielding BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh. She also refused to record her statement under section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) for the second time.Saba made the allegations when media persons questioned her while she was being escorted back to Indore district jail after being produced before the special CBI magistrate judge Dr Shubhra Singh. Saba, who had been shying away from the media till now, replied to almost every question from the curious scribes. When asked whether she suspected that the CBI has taken money to shield the BJP MLA, Saba replied, \"It is obvious and Dhruv Narayan Singh is the mastermind of Shehla's murder. We have revealed everything about Dhruv to the CBI. Why is it that the CBI is keeping quiet and not acting against him,\" she quipped.\"When asked about the involvement of another senior BJP leader Tarun Vijay, the accused refused to have taken his name. \"No, I have not taken his (Tarun's) name,\" she said. On being asked why they killed the RTI activist, Saba replied, \"Ask Dhruv Narayan Singh why she was killed\".She said had Dhruv not been involved in the killing, why did the BJP made him to resign from the party post. It may be recalled that Singh had offered to resign from the post of vice president of BJP Madhya Pradesh , despite the BJP state president Prabhat Jha's statement that no action would be taken against the MLA unless proven guilty. About a CD, Saba alleged that the CBI was in the possession of the CD, but has been hiding it.The CBI Counsel Hemant Shukla said that the accused Saba has yet again refused to get her statement recorded under section 164 of CrPC. He accused Zaheda and Saba of misleading the media and investigating agency by making baseless allegations. Saqib Ali 'Danger' and Saba have refused to get their statements registered under the section , while Zaheda has already recorded her statement.'Zaheda, Saba making baseless allegations'It may be recalled that Singh had offered to resign from the post of vice president of BJP Madhya Pradesh, despite the BJP state president Prabhat Jha's statement that no action would be taken against the MLA unless proven guilty. About a CD, Saba alleged that the CBI was in the possession of the CD, but has been hiding it.The CBI Counsel Hemant Shukla said that the accused Saba has yet again refused to get her statement recorded under section 164 of CrPC. He accused Zaheda and Saba of misleading the media and investigating agency by making baseless allegations. Saqib Ali 'Danger' and Saba have refused to get their statements registered under the section, while Zaheda has already recorded her statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657242", "title": "Government invokes Essential Services Maintenance Act", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Friday cracked the whip on truck and lorry owners who have threatened a statewide strike from April 16 targeting supply of petrol/diesel and LPG by bringing them under Esma and prohibiting strikes by petroleum services, including transport operators, for a period of six months.The state government declared the services of the petroleum industry, including that provided by tanker operators, as essential services under the Andhra Pradesh Essential Services Maintenance Act, 1971 (Act 20 of 1971).A government order states that, keeping in mind the public interest, it has been found necessary and expedient to prohibit strikes in petroleum services in the state.Around 7,500 trucks transport petrol and diesel with another 1,500 lorries engaged in moving LPG cylinders across the state. Representatives of the Andhra Pradesh Lorry Owners' Association, AP Petroleum Dealers-cum-Tank Truck Operators' Welfare Committee and AP LPG Transporters-cum-Distributors' Welfare Committee on Thursday threatened to stop supply of petrol/ diesel and LPG statewide in protest against collection of 12.5% value added tax (VAT) by the department of commercial taxes.Responding to the ban, the petroleum dealers-cum-tank-truck operators' welfare committee president YV Eswara Rao said that except Andhra Pradesh, no other state collects VAT on trucks transporting fuel and LPG cylinders.\"We have been struggling for the past three years.\"We have no choice but to quit this business. We will meet officials only if they invite us for talks,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12657128", "title": "High Court restores security of three ex-MLAs", "text": "Justice R Subash Reddy of the high court on Friday directed the government to restore security to three former Congress MLAs who had joined YSR Congress. The three former MLAs-Srinivasulu, Amarnath Reddy and Srikanth-from Kadapa moved the court complaining that their security was withdrawn without notice. The former MLAs also contended that the withdrawal of security was politically motivated. They also pointed out that they were required to go back to the people and again seek their mandate and that the withdrawal of security inhibited their free movement and thereby affected their rights.MLAs, Srinivasulu, Amarnath Reddy and Srikanth, from Kadapa moved the court complaining that their security was withdrawn without notice", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657424", "title": "Wahab arrested in Nazir firing case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former gangster Abdul Wahab was arrested on Friday by City police crime branch in Nazir Vora firing case. Wahab was absconding since the March incident. During this time the gangster approached lower courts and Gujarat high court seeking anticipatory bail. However, city cops had appealed against the bail plea and it was rejected by the courts.On Friday, crime branch officials caught Wahab from his house in Shahpur, following a tip-off. \"Wahab will now be handed over to the Vejalpur police,\" said DCP Himanshu Shukla.Nazir, 44, a resident of Mayurkunj Society near Sonal Cinema, was a gangster and was closely associated with Abdul Wahab Majid Shaikh, a resident of Shahpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12656928", "title": "Nizamabad medical college still remains a pipe dream", "text": "NIZAMABAD: A medical college for Nizamabad still remains a pipe dream as the proposal for the new college continues to be tangled in land-related problems. While the Medical Council of India (MCI) wants 26 acres for the new college as per the prescribed norms, the district administration is helpless as it can only allot nine acres.Also, the plan for the medical college is not getting momentum due to pending court cases. Three cases were filed in connection with the new college, which was to come up at Khaleelwadi grounds in the town. In the wake of these court cases, an MCI team, which was scheduled to visit the proposed college site, cancelled its trip as MCI wants all the cases lifted before the team embarking on the trip.A district-level officer on condition of anonymity said that a Nizamabad-based non-governmental organization (NGO), Centre for Environmental and Research Studies, filed a case over demolition of a sports stadium at the Khaleelwadi grounds. In fact, the new medical college was proposed on the premises of the present government hospital. The NGO filed a writ plea questioning the move to demolish the stadium. A contractor, who constructed the stadium, filed a case seeking payment of the pending bills worth Rs 75 lakh. Locals have filed another case demanding the authorities to provide a pathway to the government hospital as they were not happy with the closure of the entrance for the construction of the college.Rama Goud of the NGO blamed the authorities for going ahead with the construction of the medical college in a small area of 8.26 acre as against the MCI's prescribed 26-acre guideline. \"Patients, MBBS students and locals will face a lot of difficulties if the medical college is located on the Khaleelwadi grounds,\" he observed.Student unions, the district Olympic association and various sections are also opposing the authorities' plan to rush through the medical college project.While the Medical Council of India wants 26 acres for the new college as per prescribed norms, the district administration is helpless as it can only allot nine acres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12656949", "title": "I-T sleuths search BJP leader\u2019s house for 32hrs in Rohtak", "text": "ROHTAK: Income tax sleuths, who had raided the house of senior BJP leader and mining baron Capt Abhimanyu's house in Rohtak on Thursday, left after a 30-hour search on Friday afternoon.According to information, the I-T teams had also conducted simultaneous raids at the offices of his business firms in Chhattisgarh's Raipur , Korba, Bilaspur, Nagpur and Delhi.A team of around 15 I-T officials left his Rohtak house at around 3.30 pm in five vehicles. They had reportedly scanned documents to assess movable and immovable assets of Capt Abhimanyu. An exhausted Abhimanyu maintained that they had cooperated with the I-T team during the inquiry and provided all the requisite documents.Deepender Deswal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657330", "title": "New Ranjit Nagar\u2019s debutantes promise better facilities in ward", "text": "NEW DELHI: Till two months ago, Archana Gupta was known in Patel Nagar only for her work as director of the Academy of Commerce, but now this mother of two is well known as BJP's face in her west Delhi municipal ward. Gupta is contesting from New Ranjit Nagar, a seat reserved for women. The sitting councillor from the area is also from BJP.\"My party has done a lot of development work in the area and I aim to carry forward the legacy. Parking, sanitation and maintenance of streetlights are the main issues and, if elected, I will work to improve these facilities,\" Gupta says, adding, people in the area will vote for her because they are fed up with the \"corruption under Congress at the state and the Centre\". She says she has her base among women and the youth. Senior BJP leaders, including Vijay Goel, have been campaigning for her.The 44-year-old comes from a political family in Rajasthan and her husband, KM Gupta, is a BJP worker too. \"I am the convener of the state BJP's education cell,\" he says.The New Ranjit Nagar ward includes middle class residential localities like West and South Patel Nagar, and Ranjit Nagar, besides a significant Muslim population and Jat and Brahmin voters in Shadipur and Khanpur.The Congress has fielded Madhu Bala Arora, a former bank employee. Her husband Manohar Arora contested from Patel Nagar Assembly seat in 1993 and lost by a small margin while her son is an active member of the Youth Congress.Arora claims their BJP councillor did nothing for the development of the ward. \"The colony roads are in a poor condition and parks here are not well-maintained. If elected, I will work for the development of this ward.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12657147", "title": "Lightning kills eight, more rain in store", "text": "KOLKATA: Eight persons, including three children, were killed after being struck by lightning in different parts of Sunderbans on Friday morning. Most of the victims were out in the paddy field or on their way to work when the lightning struck. Torrential rains, between 7am and 8am, accompanied by strong winds and thunder hence caught the villagers unawares. The bodies have been sent for autopsy.Seven-year-old Mousumi Pal was sipping tea in the verandah of their house a little after 7am when she was struck by lightning. Shankar Bera, 27, a neighbour who was working in a nearby field, came to take shelter at Mousumi's verandah. He too was killed by lightning. Mousumi's mother Basumati was seriously injured while her mother had a narrow escape. Basumati has been admitted to hospital. The Pals hail from Heramborpur in Pathar Pratima.The lighting claimed three more lives in the same island. Bholanath Samanta, 55, Anjira Khatun, 11, and Falguni Giri, 37, were working in the field when lightning killed them. The other victims were identified as Milan Das, 55, of Daser Chowk in Kakdwip, and Ananda Bhangari, 55, and Mandira Naiya, 14, of Canning Uttar Redhokhali.Police said that all the bodies have been sent for autopsy. With the current spell of nor'westers set to continue, more thundershowers are in store for south Bengal including Kolkata, says the Met office. A cyclonic circulation over Bihar and the adjoining West Bengal region accompanied by a trough of low pressure will continue to trigger thundershowers in the next two days at least.\"There is a trough of low pressure over this region for the past few days. Along with this there is also a cyclonic circulation over Bihar and adjoining Bengal. The combined impact will be more thundershowers in both south and north Bengal,\" said GC Debnath, director, Regional Meteorological Centre, Kolkata.The regular nor'westers, however, have kept a check on the mercury level. Over the past few days, both the day and night temperatures have remained below the normal mark. On Friday, the maximum temperature at 35.2\u00b0 C was one degree below the normal mark while the minimum temperature at 22.1\u00b0 C was three degrees below the normal mark.\"Despite it being mid-April, one can sleep without putting the air-conditioner on. It's quite unimaginable. The temperature so far is quite comfortable. Thanks to the regular showers,\" said Anjan Roy of Salt Lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "12658878", "title": "4.2-km retaining wall along Tunga", "text": "SHIMOGA: The state government has decided to construct a 4.2 kilometer revetment wall along the side of river Tunga using central funds.The high-rise wall will prevent combining of sewage water with the river water and also protect people during floods. The path to be constructed above the wall can be used for walking.Announcing this much-awaited programme, Shimoga city municipal council president NS Channabasappa said that the total cost of the project will be Rs 108 crore. The revetment wall will cover areas of Mattur, Harkere Shimoga city and Chattanahali on the outskirts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12657033", "title": "Yamuna e-way: Deadline missed again by a month", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The opening of Yamuna Expressway has been delayed yet again. E-way Authority Chairman and CEO, Rama Raman, said that it will take at least one-and-half months to open the road. Also, another dispute stares in the Authority's face as farmers have demanded toll-free access to Yamuna and Greater Noida expressways.Asked about the delay, Raman said there is a lot of work pending and technical glitches need to be sorted out. \"There are two types of delays -one by the government and another on the construction level,\" Raman said.\"The villagers along Yamuna Expressway and Noida-Greater Noida expressway are demanding free run on the expressway even though service lanes have been constructed for them,\" he added.\"As per the agreement, once the Yamuna Expressway is opened, the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway will also be transferred to Jaypee group. There is public dissatisfaction over the agreement. The government has to take a call. Some land need to be transferred for the project, which is also in limbo,\" Raman said, adding the Authority is trying to complete all formalities within the stipulated time.Underpasses and bridges have been built to provide connectivity to areas along the expressway. To ensure safety of commuters, CCTV cameras will be installed at regular intervals. \"Mobile radars will be used to monitor speeding. Ambulance services, petrol sheds, rest-houses, wi-fi facility and a food court are also in the offing,\" said an Authority official.\"We had sent a team to inspect the expressway. So far, only four interchanges are ready out of six. Locations of toll gates and speed limit have not been decided as yet,\" Raman said. Three tolls out of five are ready while the location of the first toll booth has not been decided.Even as trials runs are on, speculation were on after the assembly polls that SP government might not let the project resume. Later, even after it was announced that the state government was keen on decongesting traffic and the expressway would open soon, it was delayed due to shuffling of officials in the district pushing back the deadline even more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12657894", "title": "Minor held for major theft of Rs 3.20L", "text": "PANAJI: A 15-year-old boy, who just finished his SSC exams, stole goods worth 3.20 lakh from a private bus where his father works as a conductor. He was arrested by the Calangute police on Thursday.Police said that one of the passengers in the bus, David Howell, complained to the Calangute police that on April 10, a group of entrepreneurs arrived from Delhi for a conference to be held in North Goa. They arrived by flight in the evening and hired a private bus to take them from Dabolim to the hotel. \"On reaching the hotel, they realized that a bag was missing. The bag contained cash worth 2.8 lakh and a laptop. The total worth of the items in the bag was 3.20 lakh,\" said police sources. The complaint was lodged on April 11. Police registered a theft case.The bus conductor and driver were called for questioning, during which they informed the police that they had dropped the passengers to the hotel along with their luggage and left. \"However, while we were questioning the bus conductor, he received a call on his cellphone which was in our custody. The call was from his son, who wanted to know where his father was and what time he would return home,\" said the police.On learning that his father was being interrogated for theft, the boy blurted out that he had stolen the bag and hidden it close to the SP North's office. \"The boy revealed that he was riding his bike on the evening of April 10, when he saw the bus parked at Porvorim, where the passengers had stopped for tea. He got into the bus, and as there were no passengers, started checking their bags. In one bag, he found the cash and laptop, stole it and fled the spot,\" police said.Instead of going home with the booty, the minor hid it. \"He claims that he wanted the money to enjoy himself during the holidays. He was scared to take the money home, lest it upset his father,\" the police said.The minor has been sent to the state run home, Apna Ghar. The police have recovered the stolen goods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657124", "title": "Businessman's son 'thrashed' by cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mansoor Babu Khan, son of real estate businessman Ghyasuddin Babu Khan, was allegedly picked up by the police and bashed up on Tuesday night. The incident came to light only after the family and friends came to know of it on Friday. When contacted, Ghyasuddin Babu Khan confirmed the incident. \"I was advised by some friends that it would serve no purpose if the incident is made public or we questioned the unwarranted police excesses. But now that it has come out in the open, I would like to confirm it.\"Sources said, Mansoor, who is in his early 30's and helps his father in business, was buying cigarettes at a shop near Khaja Mansion, Masab Tank, at around 10.30 pm. Meanwhile, a police jeep arrived and asked people to disperse. As Mansoor and his friend were about to get into the car about four cops came after them. They reportedly pulled out Mansoor from his car and started beating him without any provocation, the sources added. A senior police officer, who was with the cops, also beat him up. He was bundled into a jeep and taken to Humayun Nagar police station where he was again reportedly thrashed up. He was told around 3.30 am that he could go home and asked to report at the police station at 6.00 am. When he went to the police station on Wednesday morning, he was made to wait for about an hour and let off. No senior police officer was available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12658902", "title": "Centre not giving coal for power projects: Shobha", "text": "MYSORE: Energy minister Shobha Karandlaje on Friday accused the Centre of stalling thermal power projects in the state by allegedly not supplying coal.\"This will have long-term implications on the energy security of the state,\" she said, speaking after the launch of customer care centre and a sub-division of Chamundeshwari Electricity Supply Company (CESC) here on Friday.According to her, the Union government is favouring private power companies at the cost of the projects initiated by the state. \"My concern is that it will impact energy security adversely,\" she added. The minister said the Centre is not allocating coal linkage to power projects despite reminders. \"This is because it is focusing on private sector,\" she charged.The minister inaugurated a customer care centre at Kuvempunagar office of the power utility, and opened Ramakrishnanagar sub-division office at MCC complex at Ramakrishnanagar.The minister also launched works to build the corporate office at Hinkal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657233", "title": "Duration of medicos' strike to be taken as casual leave", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major relief to the junior doctors, the state government has agreed to consider their two-month strike period between December 25 and February 14 as casual leave. GO 567 regularising the strike period as casual leave came on Thursday evening, three days ahead of PG medical counselling.The government in its order regularised the strike period as casual leave if the doctors have casual leave to their credit. In case they have exhausted the casual leave, the period for which casual leave is not available shall be treated as special casual leave without stipend, the order said. Around 500 striking doctors had failed to get internship certificates as they were on strike. The certificate is a must to attend PG counselling and the deadline to submit the certificates had expired long back. After the government order was issued on April 12, instructions were given to all the principals and superintendents to issue the internship completion certificates by the director medical education on Friday. The PG counselling is slated to be held on April 16.The medicos had gone on strike demanding a hike in their stipend, among other things. The agitation that started at Vizag's Andhra Medical College subsequently spread to other medical colleges and teaching hospitals in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12657792", "title": "They\u2019d said they\u2019ll pay me Rs 4,000 per month: Minor", "text": "PANAJI: The 16-year-old minor who was rescued by the Agasaim police on Thursday from the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, canteen where he was employed said that he had taken up the job as he was promised a salary of 4000 per month.\"The minor claimed that he had come on his own to Goa as his father had undergone a major surgery and was without any work at home in Bihar for the last few months. Due to this, they had no money and when he was promised 4000, he decided to work in Goa,\" the police said.Police said that according to the boy, he had not even completed a month working at the canteen. \"The boy claims that he came to work here so his father would get the money. He is yet to be paid his salary, but now he is scared and wants to go home,\" added the police.Agasaim police had received an application from Sameera Kazi, chairman of the Goa State Commission for Protection of Child Rights, that a 16-year-old native of Bihar had been employed at the GMC canteen and desperately wanted to go back to Bihar.During the course of the investigation, the police along with the complaint, rescued the boy from the canteen. Police arrested the owner of the canteen, Murlidhar T, and a Bihar native who brought the boy to Goa, Ladulal Gupta. An offence has been registered under Section 7(2) (a) and 8(i) of the Goa Children's Act. The boy has been lodged at Apna Ghar, Merces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657076", "title": "CBI trailed Nupur, but didn\u2019t arrest her", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI had been tracking the movement of Nupur Talwar for the past five days and even claimed to have zeroed in on her location, but did not arrest her on Friday. In a dramatic statement in Supreme Court, the CBI counsel said the agency knew about her whereabouts, but did not arrest her as the matter was pending in court.However, CBI failed to give a satisfactory reply on why it made a sudden turnaround after putting Nupur under surveillance and raided her Hauz Khas clinic and home. Also, why did CBI develop cold feet after securing a non-bailable warrant against her from the special CBI court Ghaziabad?CBI, however, tried to justify its no-arrest move by claiming that Nupur was asked by Supreme Court not to leave the national capital region and they were trailing her to check if she was violating orders. \"We had put her under surveillance so that if she violates the SC order, we would inform the apex court. When someone has moved court, we have to respect that. We did not make any attempt after 11 am on Friday to arrest her,\" said the officer.On Wednesday, the CBI court had issued a warrant against Nupur after she failed to appear before it in connection with the twin murders of Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj. The court had observed \"she did not adhere to the Allahabad high court order asking her to be present in court within 30 days\". The court asked CBI to arrest her and produce her by April 18.The Talwars were made accused on February 9, 2011, after CBI special judge, Preeti Singh charged them with murder and destruction of evidence on the basis of circumstantial evidence and statements of witnesses, who had not directly seen the murders but helped recreate the sequence of events which proved complicity of Talwars.Some witnesses include friends of Talwar, servants and Noida police officers. The court had made elaborate observations on several leads, including the V-shape injury mark on bodies of Hemraj and Aarushi, presence of only family members inside the house, and cleaning of Aarushi's private parts. The judge had cited these points to order trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12658720", "title": "Chief minister suspends Deputy SP for sexually exploiting teenaged girl", "text": "KANPUR: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , on Friday, suspended deputy superintendent of police Amarjeet Singh Shahi on charges of sexually exploiting a 17-year-old girl, daughter of an Indian Air Force officer.Taking strong note of the gravity of charges against a gazetted police officer, the CM had also ordered departmental action against Shahi.An inquiry was constituted against him after the victim's father complained about Shahi to DGP Ambrish Chandra Sharma. Shahi is posted as a circle officer of Kunda Kotwali in Pratapgarh district while the girl's father is serving as a flying instructor in Indian Air Force in the city.The conduct of the Shahi was found to be unprofessional and disgraceful as per the Civil Service Regulation Act of 1956, an official spokesman said on Friday.The shocking incident had come to light on March 13, when the girl had consumed poison in the presence of her parents and Shahi at her residence in Cantt area. She was admitted at Ursula Horsman Hospital.Earlier, the girl had charged her father and one more person identified as Shrawan of physically exploiting her. However, the facts and evidence produced by her father indicated a different story. The girl was allegedly being sexually exploited by Shahi.The case was investigated by an ASP rank officer on the instructions of the then IG Chandra Prakash and Shahi was found guilty. The girl's father had also claimed that the accused had threatened him with dire consequences and asked to withdraw the case.\"He has been placed under suspension because he allegedly got involved in a criminal offence and also for not acting as per the Civil Service Regulation Act of 1956,\" said a police official at the DGP office.Recently, the victim, her parents and members of social organizations had staged a protest in the city and demanded justice from chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.On April 3, the girl told the cops investigating the case that Shahi had prepared an obscene MMS and a CD during his posting at Cantt circle office in 2010.The accused was blackmailing her since then. The girl and her parents also alleged that the local police had registered a case on the basis of an old complaint instead of the fresh application given to the then DIG Rajesh Rai, which carried the charge of rape.IG Piyush Anand has asked DIG Amitabh Yash to lodge an FIR against Shahi and take further action against him.Victim accuses Shahi of exploitationKANPUR: Daughter of an air force employee on Thursday had charged the DSP Amarjeet Shahi that he had physically exploited and blackmailed her.The girl, who got her statement under Section 164 CrPC recorded for the second time, had repeated the charges against Shahi, which she had levelled in the statement recorded under the provisions of 161 CrPC earlier.The girl had stated that Shahi had developed intimacy with her family. In the absence of her parents, the DSP once came to her house and administered some drug to her. When she lost her senses, the accused had exploited her physically and made an obscene MMS and CD.Thereafter, he had started blackmailing her. Shahi had threatened to send her father to the jail under Narcotics Act. Moreover, he had also forced her to give her signatures on several blank papers.Due to the pressure mounted by Shahi, the victims had first charged her father for physical exploiting her. The police had registered a case against her father.Meanwhile, the police had registered a case of kidnapping against Shahi on the report lodged by Captain Vidyarthi. The captain charged the police of favouring Shahi and claimed that the cops had misplaced a page of his report in which he had charged the DSP of physical exploitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12659167", "title": "It was my only option, says pilot", "text": "Air Commodore (retd) Roj Assey, the instructor who landed the helicopter on the building, said that it was his only option as his engine had failed. \"We pilots have to follow instructions and when I had an emergency I followed due processes and did the best I could to land the helicopter,\" said Assey who came in his flying suit.Assey who was pulled up by DGCA for similar forced landing due to technical failure did not comment on the DGCA's 2011 report against him. He said: \"I don't want to comment on that. HAL had given rebuttal to DGCA report and it is public.\"HAL has come out in support of its pilot instructor. It claimed that what the pilot did was brave and right, considering the circumstances. Vishnu Singh Rawat, chief instructor, Rotary Wing Academy, said the most important aspect was saving human life and the pilot's action had saved lives both on air and on ground. \"Our instructor did the best he could under the circumstances. God was kind to us that both the equipment and pilots were safe. Insurance and other formalities have started,'' said Rawat.MJ Singh, DGCA official from Hyderabad, refused to comment. He, however, said that DGCA officials had interviewed the pilots. He is in Bangalore for the investigation and safe removal of the aircraft from the building. \"The investigation procedures will take place in both Delhi office and in Bangalore,\" he said.It's a fine machine: Hindustan Aeronautics LimitedA senior HAL official said the helicopter was procured in 2010 and it has been used in training pilots in the civil and military sectors since then. The helicopter has a flying experience of more than 450 hours with HAL and no problems were reported so far. \"We are still asserting what had gone wrong with the helicopter,\" he said.There are 28 pilots, including civil and military, currently at the Rotary Wing Academy, for helicopter training. Officials said that the aircraft will be taken to the academy , where it will be repaired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12658794", "title": "Train diverted, cancelled due to non-interlocking work", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of North Central Railway have decided to divert, cancel and reschedule many trains from Friday onwards due to commencement of non-interlocking work between Domnigarh-Jagatbela-Sehjanwa railway stations.Train number 15107 Chappra-Mathura Express and 11124 Gwalior-Barauni Express remained cancelled on Friday. Gwalior-Barauni Express would remain cancelled on Saturday as well.Train number 15108 Mathura-Chappra Express remained cancelled on Friday. It will remain cancelled on Saturday.Train number 11123 Barauni-Gwalior Express remained cancelled on Friday and will not run even on Saturday.A number of trains including 18205 Durg-Nautanwa Express passed through a diverted route.Train number 12565 Darbhanga-New Delhi Bihar Sampark Kranti Express, instead of running through it original route Gorakhpur-Barabanki-Lucknow, passed from Gorakhpur-Bhatni-Varanasi-Pratapgarh to reach Lucknow.Train number 19710 Kamakhaya-Jaipur Express was also passed through a diverted route. Instead of following its original path of Chappra-Siwan-Gorakhpur-Mankapur-Ayodhaya-Faizabad-Lucknow, it went through Chappra-Varanasi-Pratapgarh-Rae Bareli to reach Lucknow.Train number 15707 Katihar-Amritsar Express was made to pass through Chappra-Mau-Shahganj to reach Lucknow. The original route was Chappra-Siwan-Gorakhpur-Barabanki-Lucknow.Also, 18206 Nautanwa-Durg Express would be made to pass through Gorakhpur-Bhatni-Jaunpur-Jafarabad-Prayag-Allahabad on Saturday.Train number 12591 Gorakhpur-Bangalore City Express would leave for its destination at 8.45 am instead of 6.45 on Saturday. Also, 12541 Gorakhpur-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Express would leave Gorakhpur at 11.05 pm instead of 9.35 pm on Saturday.Similarly, 05031 Gorakhpur-Lokmanya Tilak terminus summer season would leave Gorakhpur at 5.30 pm instead at 11 am on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12658148", "title": "Singer Shamshad Ali felicitated", "text": "LUDHIANA: International Punjabi Naat Academy Charitable Trust in association with Youth Sabhyacharak Lok Hitashi Manch organized a music release and felicitation ceremony at GGN Institute of Management and Technology (GGNIMT) to honour the upcoming singer Shamshaad Ali and release his album, ''Sarghi Da Taara''.The event witnessed a audience, who came all the way to bless and enjoy the melodious voice of Shamshaad Ali. The audiences were mesmerized with the magical voice of the singer.Padam Shree Surjit Pattar also graced the occasion. Acknowledging the work of Shamshaad Ali, Pattar said the greatest singers are those who sing our silence, and Ali has proved himself by creatively working on serious singing. S P Singh, former vice-chancellor, GNDU also congratulated the young singer for bringing in meaningful singing which was lacking for a long time in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12659135", "title": "Spend 20 minutes a day on exercise", "text": "Wellness expert Aashu says elaborate fitness routines are difficult to adhere to. Set aside 20 minutes a day for an intense explosive workout if you are short of time, he suggestsStarting a fitness regimen may be easy, but sticking to it becomes well nigh impossible for many of us. Either the regimen is too difficult or takes up too much of our time. Ultimately , we give up and slip back to our old, unhealthy ways. It might be easier to motivate ourselves by targets that are easy to achieve. If you have set aside an hour for your fitness regimen at a gym some distance from your home, forget it, you will soon give it up - for you have to add driving time to it as well. That means that you have to set aside at least ten hours a week for your fitness regimen - and that 'can't be done' , you tell yourself . Mornings and evenings seem impossible too. Mornings are for rushing to work, and in the evening, you are either tired or trying to meet social engagements. Either way, it's a losing proposition. Set an easy goal This is where you have to make that effort to change - just a small one in the beginning , till it becomes a habit you can keep - and enjoy. A logical solution will be to kick start your exercise programme with a quick explosive workout for just 20 to 30 minutes. What you need is a small, dynamic and exhausting workout to get the results you seek.The routineGo in for a combination of three to four different movements of 25 reps to 50 reps per exercise. These exercises should be selected on the basis of whether you want to maintain or lose your weight. But try to complete your entire workout without a break. These 20 minutes will help you burn calories consistently, and you can perform the exercises in a room. You don't need a gym; neither do you need expensive gym equipment at home to implement this. You can try different sets of exercises from time to time, so that you are not bored with your routine either. This will keep you active through the year and the results you see in the mirror as you become toned and lose weight will be motivation enough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12656987", "title": "Noida Entrepreneurs\u2019 Association writes to allow setting up of industries", "text": "NOIDA: After the National Green Tribunal's order directing that no new industries be set up or expanded in Noida without its approval, the Noida Entrepreneurs' Association (NEA) has written to it to re-consider its decision. The association has argued that pollution levels in the city have increased not due to more industries but due to a hike in population and vehicles.The association said that in the last eight years, Noida Authority has allotted plots to only about 1,500 industries out of which a little over 600 have begun operations. \"Most of the 7000-odd industries operating in Noida deal with non-polluting items like garments, paper and paper-related products. In contrary, due to increase of residential apartments, the population has grown,\" said Vipin Malhan, president of NEA. \"There has also been an increase in the number of polluting private and commercial vehicles. Unlike Delhi, commercial vehicles operate way beyond the permit period of 8 years and cause considerable pollution,\" alleges Malhan.Data of the Regional Pollution Control Board, which conducts air monitoring in industrial sectors 1 and 6 at the Hindon river near Ghaziabad and at the sewage treatment plants (STPs) in sectors 50 and 54, also testifies that air and water pollution levels in the city have come down in 2012 as compared to 2011.\"There been an increase of RSPM and SPM due to work on construction projects only in sector 6,\" said a pollution board official. \"Testing of downstream water in the Hindon near Ghaziabad border also shows a decrease in pollutants,\" he added.Speaking to TOI on Friday, chairman of SME and central issue working group, Anil Gupta said that the sector was already facing crisis because of too much strictness on the part of the government.Gupta suggested that both the state and the Central government need to come up with a mechanism in which environmental consultancy could be provided to the industries who cannot afford expansion environmental safety norms. \"The government also needs to think of providing subsidy to the industries, so that they can adhere to environmental safety norms,\" he said.The Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) too voiced its concern over the order. \"We need to create awareness among the industries about environmental safety, instead of putting a ban on them and depriving a region of its growth,\" said Rajesh Gopinathan, state head of CII.Sources said that the UPPCB had chalked out a detailed action plan for industries in Noida following a direction from the Union ministry of environment and forest two years ago. The plan was even submitted to the central pollution control board (CPCB). However, the plan could not be implemented. Former director of department of environment, Yashpal Singh, said that agencies needed to expedite their working besides making it cordial with the industries.Industrialist, however, point out the fact that it is the lack of coordination between the UPPCB and CPCB that often shows. \"The issue of environmental laws being flouted has been there for the past so many years. What is the guarantee that the agencies responsible for this will now start working in the requisite manner,\" said an industrialist and a member of CII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12657869", "title": "ASI\u2019s son murdered over money matter, 3 arrested", "text": "BHOPAL: Police have arrested three persons on Friday for their alleged involvement in a murder of a 26-year-old son of a policeman. The youth was reportedly murdered over money matter in an internet cafe on Raisen road late on Thursday. The three arrested accused are Shrikumar, Ravi, Amit. The police are searching for three more accused.Police said the deceased, Sudheer Yadav, the son of an assistant sub-inspector Lalji Yadav, was a resident of Jehangirabad police lines.The deceased was stabbed after a dispute near Apsara Complex on the raisen Road. Police said Sudheer Yadav was rushed to a private hospital where he was declared dead.\"A case under the Section 302 of the IPC (murder) has been registered against half a dozen persons in the case. Three accused were still at large in the incident and efforts remain underway to nab them,\" said town inspector RR Patidar.Police said prima facie money transaction appears to be the motive of the crime. The deceased, Sudheer Yadav, had reportedly lent Rs 2,000 to one Shrikumar in the past.The deceased went to Kumar's internet cafe near Apsara Complex to get back money. However, Yadav had a fight with Shrikumar, During course and reportedly slapped Shrikumar after a heated argument. Yadav was called back to the internet cafe in the night and was attacked by over half a dozen persons. He reportedly suffered deep stab wounds and was later rushed to a private hospital where he was declared dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "12656297", "title": "New checkpost at Indo-Pak border to facilitate trade", "text": "ATTARI: The inauguration of Integrated Check Post (ICP) at Attari on the occasion of Baisakhi on Friday turned into an international commitment for progress as leaders of both India and Pakistan showed keenness to remove hurdles in the way of trade. Commerce minister Anand Sharma asked his Pakistani counterpart to put on list around 5,000 tradable items to be taken through land route instead of just 137 allowed currently.The grand opening was conducted in the presence of dignitaries, businessmen and media persons from both the countries at the border. Confirming TOI's story of allowing kids and elderly visa on arrival, home minister P Chidambaram indicated that a new and liberal visa regime was going to be implemented once the Pakistan Cabinet approves certain measures which India has already approved.Without going into the specifics, Chidambaram made it clear that the new visa regime will be very liberal to children, elderly, business and spouses. Chidambaram also said legislators of both the countries will have an easier visa regime. The demand was made by Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal.Pakistan's commerce minister Makhdoom Amin Fahim said the experiment of the one year visa of multiple entry to 10 cities to businessmen could be extended forever if the yearly experiment was successful. Pakistani Punjab's chief minister Shahbaz Sharif spoke about opening trade from the Hussainiwala border in Ferozepur and offering land-lock north-west India an access to Karachi port.Karachi port is the closest to northwest India, less than Mumbai and Kandla. He also supported his counterpart Badal's demand of opening the Hussainiwala border for trade and visits of the people. Sharif also proposed to set up free economic zones exclusively for India and Pakistan businesses. He, however, said water issues and Kashmir need to be discussed. Younger brother of the former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , Shahbaz, proposed kabaddi and kushti tournaments in the two countries. He also discussed this issue separately with Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal.Badal raised the issue of Pakistan not allowing Indian trucks going to Afghanistan but those coming from Afghanistan are allowed in India. Badal urged the Union government to consider most of items being traded through land saying even the list of 137 comes down to just 47 items when fruits, vegetables and meats are taken as three groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12658340", "title": "Hotels, malls cash in on festive spirit", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city restaurants, hotels and malls wore festive colours on Baisakhi. If some organized cultural programmes, others food festivals.Keys, a hotel on Pakhowal Road, decorated in traditional Punjabi style, started one-week ''Baisakhi food festival''. The food and beverage manager of the hotel, Randeep Grewal, said the buffet included ''sarson da saag'', ''makki di rotti'', ''kurkuri bhindi'', Punjabi ''kukkad masala'', ''dahi wala gosht'' and ''ganne ka ras'', along with ''gajar ka halwa'' and ''kheer''. ''Besides, a live Punjabi band entertained the guests. Whisky, vodka and beer were complementary,'' he added.Harjinder Singh, managing director of Yellow Chili, a restaurant, said, ''Guests were greeted with ''dhol'' and the staff was dressed up in traditional dresses. We offered ''phirni'' to guests free of cost.''Various food stalls were organised outside MBD mall, where a bhangra team enthralled one and all.Gigabite, a restaurant, too, is holding a Punjabi food fest that will continue till April 15. Bistro 226, a restaurant, decorated according to the occasion, offered a Baisakhi platter of ''samosas, pakodas and jallebis''. Its owner said they also offered vegetarian and non-vegetarian pizzas in Punjabi flavours. Umeish Yadav, food and beverage manager of Majestic Park Plaza, a hotel, said, ''We offered 10% discount. Our dishes had traditional flavours... and we also had home-made sweets.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12657393", "title": "Now, CBI wants proclaimed offender tag on Indra Bishnoi", "text": "JODHPUR: CBI has further tightened its grip around absconding Indra Bishnoi, one of the main accused and conspirator behind the abduction and murder of nurse Bhanwari Devi , by initiating action to get her declared as a proclaimed offender. Earlier, the agency had got her declared as a proclaimed absconder.\"We had moved an application in the CBI court on Wednesday under Section 82 (4) of the CrPC with a plea to declare her a proclaimed offender,\" CBI counsel Ashok Joshi said.The magistrate recorded the statements of a CBI official on Friday as a part of inquiry following the plea of the CBI.The official informed the court that despite declaring her an absconder followed by attachment of her property and the high court ordering her to appear before the CBI on March 5, Indra has deliberately managed to escape arrest and investigation in the case.On Thursday, the CBI had also registered an FIR against her on the same grounds under Section 174 A of the IPC.With this proceeding by CBI against Indra, she is in for bigger trouble as the section invites punishment with imprisonment up to seven years. Cornering her from all fronts, the CBI has also moved a contempt petition against Indra in the high court for not following the court's order to appear before the CBI on March 5.The CBI has also started conducting raids again at all the possible hideouts in serach of Indra. On Friday, some places like Bilara, Bhavi and Tilvasani were raided by a CBI team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "12659146", "title": "Their hearts are in agriculture", "text": "BANGALORE : Contribution of agriculture to our GDP is decreasing, but the sector still employs over 52% of our population. This observation was made by C Rangarajan, chairman, Economic Advisor Council to the prime minister. Rangarajan was addressing graduates, postgraduates and doctorates at the 46 th convocation of the University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS), Bangalore , on Friday.Rangarajan said unless a significant breakthrough in agricultural technique is made, India can't achieve substantial growth. \"It is high time our research institutes contribute to agricultural production. We need to help small and marginal farmers. We can adopt practice of contract farming and improve marketing of agricultural products. This could be done by increasing investment in agriculture and irrigation sector.\"K Narayana Gowda, vice-chancellor of the UAS said: \"The university has the mandate to provide continuous solution to the problems of agriculture and allied fields of farming community through continuous research . This is being met through problemoriented , demand-driven and location-specific research in 20 different agricultural stations of the state.\"Governor Skips EventGovernor and chancellor of UAS, Hans Raj Bharadwaj gave the convocation a miss. Thirty-six students bagged multiple gold medals. While 3 PhD students were awarded gold medals, 22 students of master's and 15 students of bachelor's degree were awarded gold medals.The Golden StudentsAditya K S, BSc (Agri) 10 Gold medalsAditya K S, 22, a native of Sringeri in Shimoga district won 10 gold medals and topped the bachelor's (BSc Agri) category. Aditya, a student of Collage of Agriculture, Shimoga, said: \"I belong to agricultural background. I want to become an expert in agricultural policy and contribute to country's economic growth.\" Aditya is pursuing his master's in Agricultural Economics.Rani A T, BSc (Agri), 10 gold medals\"I want to prove it that a woman too can be a good farmer,\" said Rani A T, 22, a student of Collage of Agriculture, Mandya. Rani too topped the BSc list with 10 gold medals. At present, she is pursuing her master's in the same stream. \" I want to improve the crop protection system and minimize the use of pesticide in farms,\" she said.Ganashree KV, BSc (Forestry), 4 gold medalsGanashree, 21, a native of Coorg and a student of Collage of Forestry , Ponnampet, is an aspiring forest officer. \"I want to join the Indian Forest Service and this is my first step towards fulfilling my dream. I have been selected as a trainee, range forest officer, Madhya Pradesh. It will be a great learning opportunity,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657439", "title": "2nd stint for Mata Prasad", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Samajwadi Party leader Mata Prasad Pandey was unanimously elected the speaker of UP's 16th Vidhan Sabha on Friday. This is Pandey's second stint as speaker of the legislative assembly. He held the same office during the Samjawadi Party rule between 2003 and 2007.Known to be non-controversial an upright politician, Pandey is a six time MLA from Itwa seat in Siddharthnagar. His association with the assembly dates back to 1980, when he was elected for the first time and continued in 1985, 1989, 2002 and 2007 assemblies. In his ceremonial address to the House, Pandey expressed concern about the growing misgivings about legislature and said that the controversies about its role and efficacy needs to be set to rest. He cautioned the MLA's about efforts by some persons to challenge the authority of the House and said that the supremacy of the legislature could not be questioned as its members represented the popular will and authority.The speaker called upon the House to ensure that its dignity and decorum is maintained and unnecessary clash between the treasury bench and opposition avoided.Amidst thumping of tables, the speaker hinted that the House would have longer session during the new regime, which may even go beyond 90 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12657070", "title": "Cheranalloor residents protest as water crisis gets worse", "text": "KOCHI: The water crisis in Cheranalloor panchayat is getting worse by the day, but authorities are clueless on how to solve the issue.Demanding an immediate solution, the residents under the leadership of panchayat members and political leaders, staged a protest in front of the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) office on Park Avenue Road.According to Suresh Babu, Cheranalloor panchayat president, there is acute water shortage in most wards for the last seven months. \"The crisis has worsened in the last four days. We have knocked on many doors including that of the collector and KWA officials. But nothing has been done yet,\" he said.On Thursday, Cheranalloor residents observed a 12-hour hartal in the panchayat \"We are forced to fetch water from distant places, for which we have to use boats. If no solution is found, we will intensify our protest,\" Babu said.KWA officials said they are trying their best to supply potable water here. \"We are trying to supply water in tankers, but unavailability of potable water is a big problem,\" said a KWA official. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said the administration would solve the problem soon.\"We are planning to inter-link pipelines wherever possible to ensure supply of water to the panchayat. A proposal for laying a pipeline from Kalamassery to Cheranalloor through the Container Terminal Road has also been mooted,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657102", "title": "23 IPS officers transferred", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Friday transferred 23 Superintendent of Police cadre officers including Hyderabad south zone DCP Manish Kumar Sinha and Medak SP P John Victor in whose jurisdictions communal clashes occurred during the last few days.Manish Kumar Sinha was transferred as Kadapa SP in place of A Sunder Kumar Das. Similarly, John Victor was posted as DCP (Central Crime Station), Hyderabad police, in place of J Satyanarayana. Akun Sabharwal, who is presently commandant, fourth battalion of the APSP, will replace Manish Kumar as DCP (South Zone), Hyderabad police. Avinash Mohanty, who is the son of former Director General of police AK Mohanty, will take over as Medak SP. CCS DCP J Satyanarayana was posted as Guntur (Rural) SP, in place of A Ravichandra.In other transfers, B Rajakumari, Additional Superintendent of Police (Administration), Nizamabad, was posted as Ranga Reddy SP in place of R Bhima Naik. R Jayalakshmi, ASP, Kadapa, was posted as Krishna district SP in place of PVS Ramakrishna who was brought in as DCP (Traffic), Hyderabad City.Murgesh Kumar Singh, Chief Vigilance &amp; Security Officer, TTD, Tirumala, was made DCP (Traffic-II), Hyderabad police, in place of A Ravi Krishna who was moved to the post of SP, (Guntur Urban) in place of S Syamsunder who was shifted as SP, Warangal (Urban). GVG Ashok Kumar , DCP (Traffic.I), Hyderabad City, will be the Chief Vigilance &amp; Security Officer, TTD, Tirumala.M Ramesh, Joint Director, Anti-Corruption Bureau, swapped posts with C Ravi Verma, SP, West Godavari. Nizamabad SP D Ramakrishnaiah was posted as SP ( Crime Investigation Department) replacing CSRKLN Raju, who was appointed Regional Vigilance &amp; Enforcement Officer, Vigilance &amp; Enforcement Department.AS Khan, Regional Vigilance &amp; Enforcement Officer, Vigilance &amp; Enforcement Department was transferred and posted as OSD (Operations), Kadapa district.SJ Janardhan, IPS, (SPS), Superintendent of Police, CID is transferred and posted as Commandant, SAR CPL, Amberpet. K Koteswara Rao, waiting for posting, was posted as Superintendent of Police (CID) replacing SJ Janardhan.K.V.Mohan Rao, Regional Vigilance &amp; Enforcement Officer, Guntur, Vigilance &amp; Enforcement Department was transferred and posted as Commandant, 6th batallion, APSP Mangalagiri. T Ravi Kumar Murthy, Superintendent of Police, AP Transco, Tirupati was withdrawn from Energy Department and was transferred and posted as Superintendent of Police, Rajahmundry (Urban), which was held by P Umapathi.S Chandrasekhar Reddy, Deputy Commissioner of Police (Traffic), Cyberabad, is transferred and posted as Superintendent of Police, Kurnool district, which currently held by M Shiva Prasad. LKV Ranga Rao, Group Commander, Grey Hounds, was transferred and posted as Commandant fourth battalion APSP, Mamnoor, by replacing Akun Sabharwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12658231", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation earns Rs 42 lakh in one month from swimming pools", "text": "SURAT: Come summers and citizens make a beeline outside the swimming pools run and managed by the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC). For the first time, the residents have filled the coffers of SMC by depositing Rs 42 lakh against the enrollment fees in the swimming pools in just one month.For the whole summer season, which lasts for about two-and-a-half-months, the civic body earns income worth lakhs of rupees - last year the civic body earned Rs 91 lakh for the whole year from all the 11 swimming pools.Official sources said the residents have broken all the past records this year. With the temperature hovering between 35 to 40 degrees, the children and youngsters have made a mad rush to the swimming pools. In April month alone, the 11 swimming pools have recorded about 10,469 new registrations generating Rs 42 lakh income for SMC.The Adajan swimming pool has registered 2,500 members generating income of Rs 9 lakh, Chowpaty swimming has registered 1100 members generating income of Rs 4.62 lakh, Makkaipool has 210 member with 82,575 income, Katargam has 676 member with Rs 2 lakh income, Varachha has 970 members with Rs 4 lakh income.Kapodara has 1,650 members with 5.27 lakh income, Udhna has 96 members with 2.67 lakh income, Rustompura has 975 members with income of Rs 4.63 lakh, Dumbhal has 662 member with income of Rs.2.64 lakh, Singanpore has 700 members with income of Rs 3.73 lakh and Vanita Vishram has 430 members with income of Rs 1.37 lakh.\"It is a record collection of Rs 42 lakh worth of income in the month of April. The new members registered at all the 11 swimming pools will be allowed to use the facility for three months,\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661114", "title": "Cross border collaboration", "text": "The Indian School of Business (ISB) signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Institute of Business Administration (IBA), Karachi, on April 13 to provide executive education in Pakistan. The MoU was signed by Deepak Chandra, deputy dean, ISB and Ishrat Husain, dean and director, IBA, Karachi, at the ISB campus.Under the agreement, the Centre for Executive Education (CEE) at ISB will provide executive education courses to senior management executives looking to fast track their careers. The course offerings will include 'Open Programmes' or short-duration programmes that are driven by research, 'Custom-Designed Programmes' or specialised courses devised to cater to specific needs of a particular organisation as well as workshops and seminars. To begin with, the proposed programmes would focus on family business, entrepreneurship, business leadership, strategy and related domains. This would later be expanded to include programmes on Public Private Partnership (PPP) as well.Chandra said, \"We are delighted to associate with the IBA to provide executive education programmes. We are confident that this partnership will help generate tremendous opportunities for cross-collaboration between the two schools and sets the tone for many more future associations aimed at nurturing business leaders and entrepreneurs who would contribute to the growth of business and industry in Pakistan.\"While ISB will focus on the design and delivery of the programmes, IBA will be responsible for their marketing and promotion. The programmes will be conducted by ISB's faculty. The first programme is slated to commence June, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656812", "title": "Adani thermal power plant to start production in May", "text": "NAGPUR: The first 660MW unit of Adani's Tiroda power plant is likely to start power production in the third week of May. It will take another two months for the unit to start generating power on stable basis.This unit will bring much needed relief to the state as 78% of the power generated (515MW) by it will be sold to MSEDCL. The remaining 145 MW will be sold by Adani in open market on merchant basis. The second 660MW unit of Tiroda plant is likely to be synchronized by year end.An Adani official said that Maharashtra Pollution Control Board ( MPCB) had given clearance for the first unit. \"Work is going on in full swing to meet the synchronization target.\"Two 660MW units will be commissioned in the first stage. In stage two, three more 660MW units will be commissioned taking the generating capacity to 3,300MW. The company is also constructing a 400KV double circuit line from Tiroda to Warora. Power generated in the second phase will be evacuated by a 765KV line.Merchant power sales from Tiroda plant is expected to help Adani survive the anticipated negative impact of its supply contracts with Gujarat for first three quarters of 2012-13. The company started supplying 1,000MW a day from Mundra power station to Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Ltd at Rs 2.35MW a unit for 25 years from February.Adani claims that due to increase in price of coal, this tariff will lead to huge losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657397", "title": "MLA\u2019s role in 2002 riot case to be probed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday cleared the way for investigation against BJP MLA from Radhanpur Shankar Chaudhary and others in connection with murder of two Muslims during the 2002 riots.In this case, Chaudhary and 11 others have been accused of killing two Muslims on March 1, 2002, in Radhanpur of north Gujarat. The cops had lodged a case of rioting against 12 Hindus and 35 Muslims for rioting. Chaudhar was accused in this case only when an eyewitness Nana Shaikh, filed an FIR naming him and others.Shaikh claimed that Chaudhary had fired from his private weapon injuring two persons. When they were being brought to the hospital, a mob intercepted and killed both of them. In post-mortem, a bullet was found from the body of one of them.The local police reluctantly took up investigation, but filed a closure report. However, a lower court in Radhanpur rejected the closure report in 2005 and ordered the police to conduct further probe.The accused persons then moved HC challenging the lower court's order and justifying the closure report. The court allowed the petition. However, the complainant approached the Surpeme Court stating that the HC never heard him before allowing the petition filed by the accused.The apex court asked the HC to hear the case again. On the other hand, Shaikh also moved the high court demanding CBI probe in the case stating that local police had not conducted proper investigation and sought to shield the influential accused persons.Meanwhile, another witness, Yakub Chauhan, moved the HC with allegations that Shaikh had entered into a compromise with Chaudhary and other accused persons. Chauhan alleged that due to the compromise, the complainant may not argue the case seriously, and hence he should be permitted to join the proceedings so that justice can be done in the case.When the case came up for hearing on Friday, Chaudhary and co-accused withdrew their petitions sensing that the HC was not inclined to rule in their favour. However, they withdrew the case with liberty to avail other remedial measures. With withdrawal of the petition, the C summary filed by Radhanpura police stands cancelled and further probe against the MLA will start.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12657048", "title": "DMRC to construct bridges on Moolampilly-Chathanad Road", "text": "KOCHI: In yet another move that will redefine travel through Kochi, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation will construct three bridges on the proposed four-lane Moolampilly-Chathanad Road.Metro man E Sreedharan, the principal advisor to DMRC, will initiate a study on the project, and will inspect the site on April 19, said district collector P I Sheik Pareeth.DMRC will undertake construction of three main bridges - the 180-meter Moolampilly-Pizhala Bridge, the 230-meter Pizhala-Valiya Kadamakudy Bridge and the 350-meter Valiya Kadamakudy-Chathanad Bridge. The smaller bridge at Pizhala is 40-meter long. The proposed road is 4.5 km long and 22 meter wide.The new road will have 15 to 18 culverts. The project is expected to cost Rs 97.2 crore.The Goshree Island Development Authority (GIDA) sanctioned the four-lane project last January. The authority had written a letter to DMRC asking it to take up the construction activities.Following this request, a high level DMRC committee visited the project site last month. Once this road materializes, it will be possible to link Chathanad with the Container Terminal Road at Vallarpadam through Moolampilly.The Kadamakuddy panchayat will get the maximum benefit from this as it will provide it a better link to Ernakulam through the Container Terminal Road.A government review committee had forwarded the project to the ministry of environment and forests for clearance. The ministry's directive along with a report submitted by the Centre for Earth Science Studies (CESS) was forwarded to the Kerala Coastal Zone Management Authority for further studies.In the meantime, discussions are being held at various levels to facilitate land acquisition. The GIDA has decided to hold meetings with MLAs V D Satheesan and S Sharma for the purpose. People who are willing to give their land for the project will be given permission to develop their property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12657794", "title": "Rickshaw man returns purse, then extorts 1,000 as 'reward'", "text": "PUNE: A rickshaw driver showed the Good Samaritan in him when he returned a BPO woman employee's purse containing important documents that she had forgotten in his vehicle on Thursday night. However, a little later, he displayed his ugly side too by refusing the Rs 200 offered to him as a reward and instead extorting Rs 1,000 from the woman.The driver, Mohammed Hussain Munir Shaikh (31) of Hadapsar, was arrested by the Bund Garden police on Friday under sections 385 (putting person in fear of injury in order to commit extortion) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code. He was produced before the court and remanded to police custody till Saturday.Speaking to TOI, assistant inspector S L Dubal of the Bund Garden police station said that the woman, Shweta Sisodiya and her friend had hired Shaikh's rickshaw near Council Hall around 8.45 pm. They got down near a restaurant on Ambedkar Road in Pune Camp.\"While going home, Shaikh noticed the purse lying on the seat. He checked the purse, found Sisodiya's cell phone number and contacted her around 10 pm. Sisodiya asked him to come to the restaurant where he had dropped her off,\" Dubal said.Sisodiya offered Shaikh Rs 200 as a reward when he returned the purse. However, he said the money was too little and insisted on Rs 1,000. He lost his temper when Sisodiya's friend tried to call her lawyer. \"Shaikh snatched the cell phone and threatened to break it. He then forced Sisodiya to withdraw Rs 1,000 from an ATM, which he took,\" Dubal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12658947", "title": "One more pre-fixed auto counter opens at railway station", "text": "MYSORE: To serve railway passengers better and to avoid rush within the station, the railway department has joined hands with the police department. It opened a new pre-fixed autorickshaw counter near the main entrance of the station on Thursday. South Western Railways' divisional railway manager (Mysore division) Vinod Kumar did the honours.This is the second such counter, with the first being already in place in the station.Speaking to TOI, SWR senior divisional commercial manager (Mysore division) Anup Dayanad Sadhu said thousands of passengers enter and exit the station daily, and the new counter helps ease rush at the first counter. One more pre-fixed counter will be opened at the other entrance of the station on KRS Road.The new counter has one computer working round the clock, with six persons manning the counter in different shifts.A CCTV camera has been installed at the counter to monitor instances of luggage misplacement, stealing of baggages, and movement of autorickshaws, said ACP (traffic) Shankaregowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12657979", "title": "It\u2019s early vacation for students", "text": "BHOPAL: Good news for school-going children. They will get a break from going to school in sweltering summer heat. The Bhopal district collector has issued orders for summer vacations of all MP Board, CBSE and ICSE schools on Friday.According to the order, summer holidays for students of primary and middle classes (I to VIII) will start from April 16. The timings classes IX to XII has been reduced to 1 pm.Collector Nikunj Shrivastava said, \"These are temporary orders. Classes I to VIII would be compulsorily closed from April 16 to May 30 as it is the peak of summer. Timings of classes IX to XII have also been reduced to 1 pm. Children of lower classes are not able to cope with rising temperatures while the children in higher classes can.\"In effect, students of primary and middle classes will enjoy their summer vacations from Saturday as April 14 is Ambedkar Jayanti (state holiday) followed by a Sunday.Last year, the summer vacations had begun from April 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12658783", "title": "National conference on power systems starts at IIT-Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: A two-day workshop on 'wide area monitoring and control of power systems using synchrophasor technology' began at IIT-Kanpur on Friday.It was inaugurated by IIT-K director SG Dhande. N Murgesan, Director general, Central Power Research Institute (CPRI), Bangalore, was the chief guest. Saikat Chakrabarti and SC Srivastava from department of electrical engineering, IIT-Kanpur are the coordinators.The workshop coordinators said that secure and reliable operation of modern power systems has become an increasingly challenging task due to the increasing demand of electricity.Several blackouts worldwide recently have necessitated the use of more intelligent and automated systems for online monitoring, protection and control of the power systems. Wide area monitoring and control (WAMC) systems deploy phasor measurement units (PMUs) at selected locations in the transmission network.PMUs provide GPS synchronized time stamped voltage and current phasor measurements at sub-second rate. The time-synchronized measurement system enhances the situational awareness and facilitates the use of several online systems to control the stability and security of power systems. The WAMC systems have already been installed in the electricity grids of several countries. There are plans to install the systems in the Indian regional power grid networks.The main objective of the workshop is to identify specific problems which need immediate focus to handle the challenges of wide area monitoring and control (WAMC).Experts will deliver lectures on specific issues and technological aspects of wide area monitoring and control (WAMC) system, its architecture, various monitoring and real time control applications, experience and road map of deployment in the Indian grid and the testing requirements.The workshop is supplemented by a lab demonstration of the WAMC technology using real time digital simulator (RTDS) platform.A panel discussion in the workshop is aimed at identifying specific research and development challenges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "12656919", "title": "Pregnant woman stripped, assaulted in Bihar", "text": "BHAGALPUR: A woman, who was eight months pregnant, was stripped and assaulted brutally by a group of armed criminals at an obscure village under Amarpur block in Banka on Thursday night. The police arrested her former husband and father-in-law. They are still looking for the mukhiya, who is believed to be involved in the assault.Rajni Devi was attacked in her house at a village near the English Mor Chowk-Banka-Amarpur Road in the presence of her husband, Gholti Sah. They stripped her and beat her up. Thereafter, they tied a rope around her neck and dragged her out of the house and hit her with sticks and rods repeatedly. One of those present at the scene of assault said they even hit her on her private parts. Before leaving, they also beat up her husband. Sah is a native of Nagaddi village under Phullidumar police station and a small-time farmer. He also does odd jobs for survival. Sah and Rajni were living in this house for the past two months.Rajni is also a native of Nagaddi village and a distant relative of Sah. Some months back, they met and got married. But their union created a furore in their family and social circuit. They were forced to leave their house and take up rented accommodation elsewhere.Locals said Rajni was earlier married to Munilal from Bishanpur-Beldiha village. Their conjugal life was not smooth as she could not bear a child. Later, she was made to marry her \"dewar\" (her husband's younger brother) Anuplal. This time she did become pregnant but Anuplal abandoned her. According to sources, Anuplal married another woman and Rajni was forced to return to her parents' place. Here, she came in contact with Gholti and married him.Sah and Rajni were brought to the Amarpur primary health centre for treatment on Thursday night. The couple was later referred to the Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College and Hospital, Bhagalpur, for further treatment. A case was lodged on the basis of their statement.Banka SP Vikash Barman said Anuplal and his father Sukho Sah were arrested in the early hours of Friday. \"It is most likely Anuplal and Sukho Sah hired the criminals to attack her,\" said Barman.The police are looking for these criminals to arrest them, said the SP, adding that the police are also investigating the role of the mukhiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656641", "title": "Engineering student dies as trivial dispute takes ugly turn", "text": "NAGPUR: The unchecked criminal activities in the city were reflected in horrendous killing of a 19-year-old engineering student at Jaitala Road late Thursday night. Three more, including two seriously injured, also suffered in the attack perpetrated by a group that had assembled for birthday bash of a man said to be close aide of a Member of Legislative Assembly (MLA). The incident took place over a trivial issue of rash driving and a minor dash snowballing into a clash.Rana Pratap Nagar police have made five arrests in the case so far. These include Amit Tekade, Ravindra Umathe, Kapil Thode, Sagar Bhure and Nikhil Maliye. It is learnt the cops have launched a manhunt for rest of the accused.Ashutosh Kumar Singh, 19, the first year student of information technology at a well-known city engineering college, was declared dead following stab injuries at a private hospital. It is learnt that Ashutosh paid the price for intervening when his friends were attacked by some hoodlums. Ashray Prasad and Rajratna Shrivastava sustained serious injuries while their friend Varun Sharam also received minor injuries. Prasad is a student of electronics and telecommunication stream. Shrivastava is learnt to be first year student of computer science.Ashutosh's elder brother Abhishek, who also stayed with him and is a IT student, was also one among the ones attacked. The incident took place around 1.30 am on Friday after the bike of one of the students grazed past a car parked outside an eatery in MIDC operating way beyond the 11 pm deadline that city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay had enforced a couple of months ago.Though they had emerged from a food joint, sources said the goons who attacked the students were reeking of alcohol. It emerged that the students, staying at two apartments on second floor, were studying for their examination on Friday. Two students then decided to go for a joy-ride on their bikes on the empty roads of Jaitala. It was while stunting with their bikes, that the students hit the car of one of assailants that led to a heated argument. The car is owned by Tekade, a police source said.\"The students retreated from their but they were followed by a biker. A car full of goons came a little later. They started damaging the bike of our friends and we rushed to stop them. During the scuffle, they stabbed the three of us and injured others,\" said Abhishek who returned with his brother's body by road to Patna where they run a poultry business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12656584", "title": "Leaders condemn arrest of Kolkata Professor for circulating cartoon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cutting across the ideological divide, political leaders on Friday condemned the arrest of a Jadavpur University professor in Kolkata for circulating a cartoon. Most leaders, who themselves have been at the receiving end of caricature, were direct in their criticism.Union minister Jairam Ramesh and his hair has been the subject of cartoons and spoofs. There have been cartoons that hurt him. \"But, politicians should take cartoons in their stride,\" Ramesh said.Information &amp; broadcasting minister Ambika Soni said, \"It's unbelievable.\" Her colleague Ramesh said it was \"completely bizarre\", while CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said it was \"atrocious\".BJP leader Arun Jaitley has featured in cartoons as a political leader and cricket administrator. \"In a democracy, people should learn to laugh at themselves,\" he said.An artist close to Mamata Banerjee had depicted Karat and the entire politburo in a Last Supper setting. The cartoon showed them sitting around a table on which lay a corpse wrapped in red (the party colour) and their left arms were missing. It was widely circulated in a Bengal that was then rooting for Mamata and Paribartan (change).Karat on Friday was scathing in his criticism of the professor's arrest. \"It's height of intolerance and shows how the state machinery is being used to suppress democratic rights and dissent. This is becoming an increasing feature of the Mamata Banerjee government,\" he said.\"Politicians should develop a thick skin and a sense of humour. Not everything in life is a conspiracy,\" said Ramesh.Cartoons are a mode of communication. \"The message conveyed in cartoons is worth introspecting,\" said BJP's Nirmala Seetharaman.But, arrest a cartoonist or anybody circulating it, if a person in power dislikes a cartoon? \"If caricature denigrates someone, people have the right to complain and take recourse to law. But arresting is taking things too far,\" said Soni.Seetharaman, too, had a similar view. \"If a cartoon hurts my reputation, I can seek legal recourse. But, I can't stomp into somebody's house and arrest,\" she said.Congress spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi felt such arrest is difficult to justify in law. \"Legally speaking, in normal case I find it difficult to support police arrest for cartoons unless it exceeds all outside limits of reasonableness and if it is really vicious and perverse,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12657362", "title": "Pakistan asks US for India-like N-deal", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Approving new guidelines for resetting the country's troubled ties with the US, Pakistan's parliament has asked the government to seek from America a civil nuclear deal similar to the one extended to India.A resolution adopted unanimously late on Thursday by a joint sitting of the national assembly and the senate contended that the Indo-US civil nuclear agreement had \"significantly altered\" the strategic balance in the region. It called for Pakistan to seek from US and other countries a similar facility.The resolution, which contained 14 recommendations made by the Parliamentary Committee on National Security for ties with the US and overall foreign policy, also said that Pakistan's strategic position vis-a-vis India on the Fissile Material Cut-off Treaty \"must not be compromised and this principle be kept in view in negotiations\". Though most of the proposals were related to Pakistan's ties with US, Nato and ISAF , some focussed on relationship with India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12656248", "title": "Taxpayers get notices thanks to system snag", "text": "MUMBAI: Taxpayers are once again receiving wrong notices from the income tax department asking them to pay up arrears averaging Rs 1,200 in a repeat of 2010 due to a \"system error\".Officials in Mumbai confirmed that the computer glitch has recurred; saying the update of records was not carried out at Bangalore's Centralized Processing Center. Once more, all taxpayers will have to revisit income tax offices to ensure that their records are amended.\"Such notices have gone out to several people. They do not have to pay any amount. They can simply approach us with the notice and their PAN card and we shall check to see if their records have been amended,\" said an official.Authorities are yet to issue a clarification as they investigate the magnitude of the error. But chief commissioner N P Singh promised to look into the matter.A \"computer glitch\" in the department's New Delhi central office had generated mass notices of recovery for lakhs of salaried employees across India, demanding sums ranging from Rs 1,200 to Rs 5,000 in April 2010. Weeks of firefighting followed as people lined up to show that their returns were in order and no outstanding amount was due.This time letters have arrived from an assistant commissioner in Bangalore. All clarifications are directed to the respective assessing officer listed on their website.\"I have received a demand notice for the assessment year 2008-9 for the exact same sum under section 143(1) as the last time,\" said an employee of a steel major. \"I was about to pay up at the bank when I decided to telephone the department just to make sure it was genuine. I was told it was a mistake once again. Some early birds may have even paid up and will now be wondering when the refund will come.\"The danger in such repeat errors is that taxpayers fail to tell a genuine recovery notice from a mistaken dispatch. They may ignore subsequent reminders and this could lead to under-recoveries.But some assesses will take the trouble to visit the I-T office again. \"The last time this happened, I approached the department with a rectification application. Now that the mistake has resurfaced at the Bangalore end, I realize it is beyond my control,\" said the accounts officer of a South Mumbai firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "12658604", "title": "5 killed in Moga blast, probe ordered", "text": "MOGA: Five persons, including three of a family, died and two others were injured when a powerful blast ripped through a house in Preet Nagar area of Moga on Friday afternoon.The family was into cracker-making business and the explosion reportedly occurred after crackers caught fire. However, some sources said the blast took place after a LPG cylinder exploded.Liaqat Ali, 37, his wife Hoor Bano, 34, daughter Ashrish, 14, neighbours Veer Bhan, 18 and Iqbal Singh, 12 died in the accident.Hina, the daughter of the deceased, and another neighbour Amarjit Singh sustained critical injuries.Magisterial inquiry has been ordered by Moga deputy commissioner to ascertain the cause behind the blast and to find out whether an illegal mini unit of manufacturing crackers was being run in a residential area.Moga resident Liaqat Ali was into making of fire crackers to provide these at marriage parties and for Diwali celebrations, at his place in Preet Nagar.As per the neighbours, the blast was so powerful that it was heard at a distance of more than a kilometer.Apart from Liaqat Ali's own house, the powerful blast damaged some adjoining houses as well. A car parked outside also got damaged. Fire tenders were pressed into service to control the flames.SSP Sneh Deep Sharma confirmed that four people had died and three got injured. He said, \"Forensic experts have been asked to ascertain the reasons and the type of the blast.\"\"It seems the explosion occurred due to fire crackers as police have recovered some crackers from the house,\" he added.Police are investigating if the house owners were running an illegal cracker manufacturing unit in the densely populated area.Moga DC Arshdeep Singh Thind said, \"SDM Moga has been asked to probe the reasons leading to the blast.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656904", "title": "Demand to revive Ambedkar hospital construction work", "text": "NAGPUR: Members of the North Nagpur Vikas Parishad (NNVP) led by former corporator Vedprakash Arya and the convener of the organization on Friday held demonstration in front of the Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Hospital demanding revival of construction work by Public Works Department (PWD). The organization demanded a CID inquiry by the state into the implementation of the project. If government does not take action on the issue, the organization would file a public interest litigation.President of NNVP, Raja Dronkar told TOI that the PWD was not following the construction work as per the sanctions made by the state. \"The 250-bedded hospital was announced in 1999. In the first phase the government sanctioned Rs 5 crore. The money has remained unutilized since then. Except for an out patient department (OPD) in 2004, there has been virtually no development. Eight years since then, Rs 24 crore was added to it separately. The construction work includes a 250-bedded hospital, an OPD, a canteen, a kitchen, a laundry and other departments,\" he said.Dronkar alleged that Nitin Raut, EGS minister from city, has been delaying the project by promoting a private architect for the building's design. Arya said, as per a letter dated February 28 this year from the executive engineer of PWD to superintending engineer, integrated unit (medical), a summary of the status of the construction work was demanded. A copy was also sent to chief engineer and dean of IGGMC. The summary says that out of the Rs5 crore, only Rs30.84 lakh was used and the remaining Rs4.69 lakh was deposited in PWD account.Initially, it was supposed to be a ground plus three building. But after Raut got a sanction of 2.5 FSI for the building, the plan was raised for another six storey. The allocations for 2011-12 had a provision of Rs23.87 crore. Yet the PWD has not begun any further construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12657193", "title": "Electrical inspectorate mulls inspection drive at Chalai", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Frequent fire outbreaks in the Chalai market area in recent times have forced the authorities concerned into action mode.The chief electrical inspector is planning to conduct a comprehensive inspection drive on the streets of Chalai where hundreds of shops remain huddled together.Deputy electrical inspector T O Alexander, who inspected the shop that was gutted at Chalai on Thursday, said the chief electrical inspector would seek the cooperation of the Kerala State Electricity Board to carry out the inspection.\"The inspection was mooted as a precautionary measure as most fire mishaps occur owing to electrical short circuit. The plan is to kick start the inspection by next week,\" Alexander said.However, A K Sherry, the sub inspector of Fort division, said precautionary measures could do little to prevent similar mishaps at Chalai. \"The buildings here are decades old, and most of them do not possess proper ownership documents. Even if the traders want to carry out renovation works such as rewiring, many of them would not get sanction from the Corporation. This issue has to be resolved first. Inspections will be a futile exercise otherwise, and mishaps will keep occurring,\" Sherry said.In the past two months, there were three fire outbreaks in Chalai. First was two months ago when an office of the parcel service office functioning at Aryasalai was gutted.The next occurred two weeks ago -- a small shop near Chalai Mosque caught fire. The massive fire on Thursday was the third.In all the three cases, there were no casualties as the first two happened at night and the last took place on a hartal day.Meanwhile, the team of electrical experts who inspected the mishap spot on Friday ruled out the possibility of a short circuit.The building was not too old and sported comparatively new electric wiring, they said. However, they couldn't collect any evidence as the entire shop had been reduced to ashes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12658799", "title": "Government sees no cause for panic", "text": "MUMBAI: With the H1N1 virus claiming 18 lives across the state in a span of just two months, public health minister Suresh Shetty on Friday said there was no reason to panic. The minister reiterated that Mumbai has not recorded any death because the latest victim, a 23-year-old pregnant woman, was brought from Dhule to be treated at JJ Hospital.\"The virus is in the air and the state government has taken all steps to tackle the issue. Nine of the patients who succumbed to the virus had other major complications such diabetes, kidney disorder, cancer or hypertension. The statistics reveals that the situation is under control,\" said Shetty at the state legislative council during a debate on the H1N1 situation in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12656556", "title": "Women hold protest, want safety ensured", "text": "GURGAON: A group of women protested against the increasing crimes against women in Gurgaon in particular and in the state in general on Friday. Shouting slogans against the poor law and order situation, they demanded the state government and the Gurgaon administration to draw up a comprehensive plan to ensure their safety.Most of the protesters were sympathizers of the Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC) and BJP. Palak Verma, a senior local HJC leader, said, \"The protest is not against any individual or administration, but against the system. Women's access to public spaces is regulated by the threat of rape, with the assumption that women face greater chances of risk when they work till late at night. It means that women are expected to organize their life, work on the fear of rape at work or in public places. Failing this, they are blamed for inviting violence against them.\"Another protester, Saroj Sarwan from BJP, said the city administration has told women to stay home after 8pm. \"We need a mechanism that guarantees safety to women in private and public places,\" Sarwan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12658837", "title": "Twist in tale: \u2018Killer\u2019 lands in cop net", "text": "MUMBAI: In what can only be described as a \"lucky\" twist of fate, a bag seller from Madanpura chanced upon one of his brother's murderers and managed to get him arrested. Cops said the man, Tabeer Shaikh (32), was one of the dozen people they had called to the police station to check the credentials of a suspicious person they picked up from the streets.The accused, Naseerudin Abrar, was walking down the road with a bag when the beat constables spotted him and sensed something was amiss. They questioned him and learnt he was from Bihar and had come to the city from Delhi to buy cloth. Not entirely satisfied with his story they summoned some workers who they knew belonged to the same district in Bihar to learn more about this man.One worker identified him as the one who had murdered his older brother in Bihar in 2010 and had then fled the state.Cops said they had notified the Bihar police and would hand over Shaikh to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12657130", "title": "Chief minister smells conspiracy amid gag outcry", "text": "KOLKATA: First the surprise, and before you could get over it came the shock over the government's amateurish approach. By arresting Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra for forwarding a mail, the Mamata Banerjee government only ended up making the 'Dustu Lok' mail viral on the internet.And by justifying the arrest, the CM's trusted men have fuelled more protests against the government.Soon after Ambikesh's arrest people across the country logged on to social networking sites to take a glimpse of the mail that he had sent to 65 members of his cooperative housing society. By the time Alipore court granted him bail, the entire country got to know what the mail actually was.Transport minister Madan Mitra possibly didn't get an opportunity to see it. He thought that it was something \"obscene and derogatory\" though the mail was far from it. It wasn't even a cartoon. There is no deformity in the morphed pictures of chief minister Mamata Banerjee, railway minister Mukul Roy and his predecessor Dinesh Trivedi. The mail puts a dialogue from Sonar Kella's Mukul in railway minister Mukul Roy's mouth.It may be funny to some, anger others but does it merit to be branded a 'conspiracy' against the government?\"The foolish Trinamool men should know that cartoons are part of political tradition, and not a criminal act. This is an assault on the political culture of Bengal. If the government gets impatient and takes drastic steps, the people will lose faith in the system, and democracy will be in jeopardy. The Trinamool-led government should not do such things,\" said Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya. Senior Congress leader Abdul Mannan is pained. \"We are all of the same family. I did not expect this from the head of the family,\" he said.Trinamool's another ally in the assembly is also fuming. \"We are opposed to such steps. We fought against attempts to stifle the dissenting voice during the Left Front rule. We will continue to raise our voice against such steps taken by this government as well,\" said SUCI(C) general secretary Provas Ghosh.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee, however, sees a \"conspiracy against the government.\" \"A section has been continuously working against the government. They won't ever talk about our good work,\" the CM said at a public meeting in Bankura. Labour minister Purnendu Basu said the mail was meant to \"malign political leaders.\" He sees nothing wrong if offenders are booked under the law.What is derogatory to the ruling coterie, is not so for the academia. Jadavpur University English professor Supriya Chaudhuri sees the arrest as an attack on exchange of freeopinion. \"Though I am not yet fully aware of what has happened, what I have already heard disturbs me immensely. How can a professor be arrested for free exchange of opinion? The future doesn't seem to be rosy,\" Chaudhuri said.And what does poribartan ponthi academician Sunanda Sanyal have to say on the arrest? \"We have perhaps reached the abyss. Nothing can be worse than this. For sometime now anarchy has taken over the state but the arrest of this professor for forwarding the cartoon is perhaps the last nail on the coffin. How can the present state government take away the democratic right of people to oppose its moves? Is this any democracy? All that Mamata Banerjee is doing is to pave the way for the CPM to make a re-entry into the state.\"Rebel Trinamool MP Kabir Suman who has been touching upon the odd chord for quite sometime said: \"What's the harm in the mail? It is not even a cartoon. The Opposition used todraw cartoons of Jyoti Basu when he was the CM. This has happened with other leaders as well. Trying to gag the dissenting voice is a weakness on the government's part. Actually,rulers behave this way,\" the rebel Trinamool MP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12657028", "title": "Sealing: Guesthouses spared for now", "text": "NOIDA: With nearly 300 paying guest accommodations and almost 150 private company guesthouses in Noida facing sealing, Noida Authority officials have decided to find a solution to their problem. After a meeting held on Thursday, the Authority has decided to spare the PGs, at least temporarily, considering that a lot of young students and professionals would be rendered homeless. Meanwhile, the law department of the Authority has been directed to examine the issue of company-owned guesthouses and find a way out, whereby the allottees of these premises could be dealt with suitably.Authority officials said after conducting a survey of all properties that were being put to non-sanctioned use, hundreds of corporate guesthouses were found catering to employees who were in transit or needed temporary accommodation. \"Such premises cannot be considered as 'commercial' as they do not earn any revenue from accommodating individuals. These premises are also not rented out to people other than employees of the organization,\" said an Authority official. \"Since we have received many pleas against sealing such residential units, our legal team has been asked to examine the issue in detail and submit a report before any concrete action is taken,\" added the official.On the issue of the paying guest accommodations being run from residential plots, the Authority said that such premises were being excluded from the sealing drive but would be addressed at a later date. Earlier, in March this year when the sealing campaign was launched, the Noida Authority had ordered all PG accommodations operating in the city to shut down. The move was expected to affect more than 7,500 professionals and students as nearly 300 PG hostels in 20 sectors across Noida faced closure.\"Since Noida has hundreds of IT and BPO units, besides a large number of management and technical institutions, the PG accommodation concept is very popular, especially among students and young executives who are just starting their careers,\" said an IT professional, residing in sector 40. Almost a week ago, officials at the Authority had decided to give such premises a respite and said that they would not be sealing these properties, at least for now.Clarifying its stance on private guesthouses being run from residential properties, the Authority stressed that all such establishments should shut shop immediately or face sealing, followed by lease deed cancellation. \"All such enterprises should close down without further delay. After conducting our surveys, we have already identified such properties and would be sealing them soon,\" said a senior Authority official. \"We have also directed RWAs of several sectors to issue notices to such unauthorized units to move out or else the landlords will lose their plots,\" the official said. \"We will also charge heavy penalties for not only sealing them but also for restoring their lease deeds, if cancelled,\" warned the official.The Authority, however, will carry out sealing of other properties as per schedule. On April 18, all properties operating out of non-conforming areas in sector 30 will be sealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknonw", "code": "12662162", "title": "UP govt cancels appointments made by BSP to SC/ST commission", "text": "LUCKNONW: The Uttar Pradesh government has cancelled all appointments in the state Scheduled Caste and Schedule Tribes Commission made during the BSP regime with immediate effect.Appointments of the chairman, vice chairman and members which were done in the commission by the previous government from time to time have been cancelled, the principal secretary, social welfare, Sadakant said in an order.He said that the government has also accepted the resignations of chairperson of State Women's Commission Abha Agnihotri, vice-chairpersons Namrata Pathak and Sunita Devi with effect from March 14.Sadakant said that chairman of Samaj Kalyan Nirman Nigam Indrajeet Saroj has also resigned which has been accepted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656558", "title": "Police shoot holes in girl\u2019s kidnap claim", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have picked holes in the kidnap claims of a Class 10 student in Nolambur.The girl said she was kidnapped by a three-member gang on Wednesday, taken to Tirupattur near Vellore from where she escaped called for help.Raj Shri has given a blow-by-blow account to police on how she was kidnapped. A police source said: According to her, she was walking towards school to appear for her exam when she was dragged by a man into a Maruti Omni parked near Pulla Reddy Avenue in Aminjikarai. He sprayed something in her face and she blacked out. When she woke up, she found the car parked on the side of a road and gang members having tea at a shop.Raj Shri said she got out and ran to a shop whose owner helped her talk to her father in Nolambur. The girl's father then informed police who rushed to Tirupattur and rescued the girl.But police said their probe revealed that she had cooked up the tale to duck her exam for fear of flunking it. \"We made inquiries in the neighbourhood from where Raj Shri claimed she was abducted. But no one had seen her or that van at the time,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12656615", "title": "Gurgaon Girlcott takes off with play, slogans", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon Girlcott - a movement to urge women to keep away from splurging at restaurants, malls and salons to protest against rising crimes against the fairer sex, took off on Friday with a play, slogans and posters.The movement, born as an idea on the popular social networking platform Facebook, targets a favourite weekend activity - shopping and splurging by women. The Girlcott has urged women to hold their purse strings tight during April 13-15, and stay away from shopping in malls, stores, salons, restaurants, or taking cabs - basically anywhere that requires them to spend money in Gurgaon.\"Our main aim is to motivate people so that various sections of society can make collective efforts to ensure the security of women,\" said Richa Dube, the woman behind the movement.However, campaigns such as theatre performance, slogans and posters would not be held on Saturday-Sunday, Dube said, adding that \"We want to convey the message, and that we have done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12657958", "title": "Polio immunisation drive from tomorrow", "text": "PUNE: An estimated 4.67 lakh children below five years of age will be vaccinated against polio in Pune district during the second round of the national immunisation drive which will kick off from April 15.'There will be 3,904 immunisation booths to administer the oral polio drop to children below five years. A total of 786 supervisors will be overseeing the immunisation drive with the help of 9,646 health staff,\" said district health officer Sudhakar Kokne.The officials are expecting to achieve maximum coverage on the first day of immunisation. \"From April 16 we will conduct door-to-door visits for the next four days to cover remaining children who failed to reach the booths for polio drop,\" Kokne said.In Pune district, there are 4,67,708 children below five years of age.A total of 231 mobile teams have been appointed in high risk areas like brick-kiln sites, sugarcane factories, minor construction sites and migratory slums to immunise children. Besides, there will be 850 transit teams to cover children at toll plaza (nakas), bus stands, railway station, said Babita Kamlapurkar, district reproductive child health officer.The last reported case of polio in India was on January 13, 2011. \"Since then there has not been a single case so far. We need to be more careful to reach every child so that we can eradicate polio,\" Kokne said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12657713", "title": "Woman held for trying to rob passenger", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police arrested a 28-year-old woman for allegedly trying to snatch a bag from a fellow passenger in a crowded city bus on Thursday. The accused was caught after the victim raised an alarm and fellow passengers and the bus conductor rounded her up. She was later handed over to police and was booked under relevant sections of Indian Penal Code.According to police, D Juliet of Pappanaickenpalayam was involved in similar criminal activities in the past. Cash amounting to Rs 18,000 and 15 sovereigns of gold were seized from her. Police claimed she had stolen two sovereigns of gold from a 50-year-old woman from Neelikonampalayam a few days back.Juliet had boarded the crowded bus plying between Coimbatore and Arasur and identified K Shankuntala, who was carrying a hand bag. Shankuntala, a staff at a private hospital, was returning from Arasur after attending a condolence meeting along with her relatives. She raised an alarm as soon as Juliet tried to snatch her bag and other passengers subdued the latter and took her to Peelamedu police station. Later, she was produced before a magistrate and remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657320", "title": "Most city schools are firetraps", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly half the schools in Delhi are not sufficiently equipped to deal with a fire incident. According to the records, 1,786 of 4,082 schools in Delhi have not been granted fire no-objection certificate (NOC). These include 650 recognized schools and 645 MCD schools. Fire-safety regulations for schools mandate strict measures, which are not being followed, say fire officers.Of the schools which have been rejected fire-safety certificates, 650 are private or aided recognized schools; 649 are run by Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD); and 449 by the Delhi government. Fire-safety arrangements in all the seven schools run by the Delhi Cantonment Board as well as 35 of the central government schools (Kendriya Vidyalayas) are also found to be inadequate.\"We are taking up the issue with the managements of these schools to ensure that fire-safety measures are properly followed for the larger good of schoolchildren. We are making a strong pitch for fire-safety drills in schools as children spend their formative years there and these drills will make a positive impression on them. They will remember the drills if taught at a young age,\" said director of Delhi Fire Services A K Sharma.While a majority of the schools by the Delhi government and MCD lacked basic measures, such as availability of fire extinguishers and staircases for escape during fire, some of the schools were not easily accessible in fire service vehicles.Officials said the private schools which were denied NOC did not have adequate fire extinguishers, water tanks, fire-alarm systems, fire hoses and water pumps. \"We have pointed out the shortcomings in the fire-safety mechanism and asked the school managements to address these issues on priority. Options available to the fire department include cutting off the electricity and water supply if fire-safety norms are not adhered to. If the schools still don't conform, the premises can be sealed or the education board can de-recognize them,\" said a senior fire department official.Fire-safety requirements for each school depend on the size and height of the premises and the building.While basic requirements for each school include fire extinguishers, fire hose, water tanks and pumps, a sprinkler system is required in case there is a basement.\"Till now, we have rejected NOC to schools violating fire-safety norms. We are hoping that good sense will prevail and the managements of the schools will address the issues quickly for the safety of the children. Otherwise, we will be forced to take strict action,\" said a senior fire department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12658166", "title": "De-allocation threat looms on state mines", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand state mineral development corporation (JSMDC) is likely to face the consequences for failing to upgrade the three high grade coal mines even after more than five years of their allotment. Threat of de-allocation looms large at these coal mines.Sources in the JSMDC said the mines cultivate high grade coking coal for the steel industry and the management had even decided to operate the mines in joint venture to save them from de-allocation but the process had turned complicated unnecessarily and the mines are still not operational.\"Last year JSMDC decided that it will start operating the coal blocks - Rabodh, Patratu and Pindra Debipur - in joint venture with private companies as it dose not have expertise or resources to operate the mines on its own,\" said a JSMDC official.\"The mines were allotted to three private companies following the process of open biding. Of late, the matters took a convoluted turn when the JSMDC board of directors sent papers to Chandan Bhar, a board member, asking for his opinion,\" said another JSMDC official adding that the papers were sent to Bhar as he was not present in the board meeting.While, the Rabodh block has reserves of 133 million tones, the estimated reserves of Patratu block is about 450 million tones and that of the Pindra Debipur block is 62 million tones.General manager, JSMDC, C Mishra, however, defended the corporation's decision to take the opinion of its member who was not present at the meeting when the decision to allot the mines was taken. \"We should not ignore the opinion of any member or fail to give him a chance to explain his stand,\" said Mishra. At the same time he admitted that the Union government may allocate the mines in case there was a prolonged delay in handing over the mines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12658759", "title": "I-T office sends demand notices by mistake, again", "text": "MUMBAI: A grave \"system error \" in the income tax department is back to haunt salaried employees. In a repeat of 2010, taxpayers are once again receiving wrong demand notices for arrears averaging Rs 1,200.I-T officials in Mumbai accepted that there was a computer glitch that caused records to not be updated at the department's Centralized Processing Center (CPC) in Bangalore.Now, taxpayers will have to once again visit the department's Bandra-Kurla office to ensure their records are proper . \"The notices have gone out to several people. They do not have to pay any amount. They can simply approach us with the notice and their PAN card and we shall check to see if their records have been amended,\" said an I-T public relations official.The authorities are yet to issue a clarification even as they investigate the magnitude of the error. But N P Singh, chief commissioner of income tax, Mumbai, has promised to look into the matter.It may be recalled that in April 2010, a \"computer glitch\" at the central I-T office in New Delhi had generated mass notices of recovery for lakhs of salaried employees across India . The sums sought ranging from Rs 1,200 to Rs 5,000. Weeks of fire-fighting followed, with people lining up to show that their returns were in order.This time, the letters have arrived from the desk of an assistant I-T commissioner from Bangalore. But all clarifications are directed to the respective assessing officers listed on the department's website.\"I have received a demand notice for the assessment year 2008-09 for the same sum under section 143(1) as last time,\" said an employee of a steel major. \"I was about to pay up at the bank when I decided to telephone the department just to make sure it was a genuine demand. I was told it was a mistake. Some early birds may have even paid and will now be wondering when the refund will come.\"The danger with such repeat errors is that taxpayers fail to tell a genuine recovery notice from an assembly-line despatch issued by mistake. They may ignore subsequent reminders and this could lead to under-recoveries .What is certain is that few assessees will take the trouble to visit the I-T office again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12658016", "title": "Fire safety week to focus on LPG blasts", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation's (SMC) fire and emergency service department will observe fire safety week in the city as part of National Fire Prevention Day celebrations starting April 14.This year's fire safety week will focus on spreading awareness among the citizens about LPG cylinder blast, its prevention and protection techniques and home safety.April 14 is celebrated as National Fire Prevention Day in the memory of 66-odd firemen killed while fighting a blaze in Bombay Docks on April 14, 1944.Pankaj Patel, chief fire officer (CFO), told TOI, \"The department has organized workshops in various municipal zones for spreading awareness about LPG cylinder blast prevention and home safety. Citizens will be given key information regarding fire protection and safety at home.\"According to Patel, the civic body has given appreciation certificate to BD Mehta Mahavir Heart Institute at Athwalines for fire safety and prevention and preparation of disaster management plan.Revealing the fire statistics of the year 2011-12, Patel said that the department received a total of 3,480 fire calls from the city, out of which about 1,996 were fire calls and about 1,470 were rescue calls. The department received the highest 324 calls for gas leakage and fire due to gas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657352", "title": "Airline refuses to register complaint for bag damage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Faculty of IIM-A, whose bag got damaged in a Kolkata-Ahmedabad flight on Friday evening, was left shocked after the airline refused to take note of complaint.When IIM-A faculty Goutam Dutta reached Ahmedabad from Kolkata, he found his trolley bag badly damaged.\"My bag was in good condition when I handed it over to Indigo Airlines at Kolkata. It was a new bag which was purchased in June last year. But when I got it back, I was shocked to find it badly damaged and the handle broken,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12657818", "title": "Everyday, they face hell for you", "text": "PANAJI: The Panaji fire and emergency services department attended to over 5,200 emergency calls saving 130-odd lives from April 2011-March 2012.The efforts of the fire and emergency services also helped save property worth over 93.17cr reveal statistics released by the directorate of fire and emergency services.Of the 5,200-odd emergency calls, 2,444 calls were related to fire incidents while 2,794 calls were for non-fire related emergencies and accidents such as tree and roof collapses or other natural or man-made disasters. Nine lives were saved in fire related incidents across the state, while four animals were also saved. A further 125 lives were saved from other accidents while 251 animals were also rescued.Four people were injured in fire-related incidents while 73 were injured due to other accidents. Property worth 87.41 cr was saved from fire related destruction while property worth 5.7 cr was saved from destruction in other accidents. 2,044 candidates were trained in fire fighting, fire prevention and rescue techniques from April 2011 to March 2012 while 2013 fire prevention inspections were conducted in the same period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12657089", "title": "Fishermen in rough weather", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Fishing is no more a lucrative profession if the current scenario is taken note of. Thousands of fishermen are finding it difficult to overcome their debts due to poor catch and majority of boat owners are resorting to distress sale of their vessels. About 100 vessels were sold in the last six months alone. AP is one of the major revenue generators in the fishing industry of the country and Visakhapatnam is a key player in it.Visakhapatnam fishing harbour has 600 boats including traditional and modern boats. But for the last four months, 80% of these boats have been anchored at the harbour due to poor catch. Pollution of the coastal waters is another major reason for the drop in the population of fish. \"Effluents let out by chemical factories in and along the coastline has affected the fish population and the rest of the sea organisms,\" said Chodipalli Nookaraju, president, Dolphin Mechanized Boat Operators' Association. Fishing conservation period starts from April 15. \"It seems that the fishing ban (conservation period) is applicable only for the Indian fishermen and does not apply to foreign vessels. \"The foreign vessels are fishing extensively even during the conservation period. Because of this, the fingerlings are also not getting a chance to grow,\" he said.An owner of three boats, Mudunuri Venkata Ramaraju, sold his two boats at Rs 14.5 lakh each against the construction cost of Rs 27 lakh in the beginning of the season. \"When you are not getting catch and incurring losses at the rate of Rs 4.5 lakh on each boat every year, there is no use in holding on to the boats. If you wish to run a boat at the beginning of the season, you have to invest Rs 3 lakh as expenditure for first voyage. But you get less than Rs 1 lakh in return,\" he said. Now, it seems that the persons who purchased his boats are in a mood to sell the vessels again. \"But there seem to be no takers,\" Ramaraju said. The prices of boats have dropped drastically.Another owner of two boats Ch Nooka Raju said that he sold one of his boats because of the increased burden. He said he was not in a position to afford Rs 70,000 to Rs 80,000 as a loss for every voyage.The fishing industry of the state is in a similar condition. The state has more than 25,000 boats of all kinds and more than two lakh families depend on the industry directly and indirectly. Now, a majority of boat owners are planning to move to multiple ways of fishing by converting their vessels into long liners, which would give a scope for marginal profits.Most of the operators have been observing trawler fishing for the past three decades and now wish to shift to tuna long liner. These vessels have hundreds of hooks to catch fish through gill net fishing. Gill net fishing is when the crew of a trawler switches off their vessel engine and keeps the net at a particular location throughout the night. \"This way, less fuel would be used but the yield would be more,\" Chintapalli Pothuraju said.For each voyage of 15 days, the minimum cost of the oil is Rs 1.5 lakh to 1.75 lakh. Though the government has been providing oil subsidy at Rs 6.3 per litre if the boat uses more than 3,000 litres, it is only for the boats (360 boats out of 600) which were registered before March 31 in 2002 under the ninth plan. \"We get profits only if we go for four or five voyages. Presently, more than 70 boats are operating the long liners with manual operation . If the government provides subsidy to convert our vessels into gear system long liners, it would benefit the fishing community,\" a mechanized boat owner V Guruvulu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12657712", "title": "Comptroller and Auditor General blasts government for plight of discoms", "text": "JAIPUR: Two important public sector undertakings (PSU) have incurred losses of Rs 1,002 crore and the state government has to make an unfruitful expenditure of Rs 1108.12 crore while taking up schemes without obtaining physical possessions of private and forest land by public health engineering department.This was stated by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India in its annual report for the year ended on March 31, 2011 which was placed in the Rajasthan Assembly on Friday. The CAG in its report indicates that state government's non-observance of rules, indifferent attitude of department and deficiency in monitoring led to losses in commercial and civil departments.For the pathetic condition of discoms in state, the CAG has also held the state government responsible. In its report, the CAG said, \"Inadequate state government support, non-release of subsidy and non-revision of tariff during the review period worsened the financial position of discoms.\" It also mentioned, \"The works of Rs. 163.62 crore executed by discoms did not match the Central government's mandatory and non-mandatory list, as a result discoms were deprived of the subsidy of Rs 40.91 crore from the Centre.\"It has also pulled up the Rajasthan State Industrial Development and Investment Corporation Limited (RIICO) for inefficient planning and constant delays in development of industrial areas. \"Without ensuring physical possession of entire land, approval of layout plan of industrial areas delayed the development process,\" the CAG report said.The entrepreneur satisfaction survey conducted by CAG during the course of performance audit revealed that the unit offices of RIICO largely failed to provide basic infrastructural facilities to the entrepreneurs in the industrial areas.Other PSUs which incurred heavy losses were Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Prasaran Nigam Limited (RRVPNL) with the loss figure standing at Rs 815 crore and Rajasthan State Road transport Corporation (RSRTC) at Rs. 186.84 crore.In the audit report for civil, it was found that on March 31, 2011, altogether 57 drinking water supply projects were in progress and out of these 19 projects which were not completed by the scheduled dates of their completion (July 2008 to April 2010). The finance committee of the Rajasthan water supply and sewerage management board re-phased 19 projects due to non-availability of funds but at the same time it has surrendered funds for not utilizing it.The Central audit body in its review of six selected schemes for welfare and uplift of weaker and backward sections of society revealed that the government has made ad-hoc allotment of funds without proper assessment, which resulted in non-utilisation of funds in some districts and shortage in others. \"Inadequate internal control checks resulted in assistance to ineligible applications in four schemes - sahyog, palanhar, financial aid to happy married life to disabled young couple and anuprati,\" the report said.Coming down heavily on Twelfth Finance Commission (TFC) grant for maintenance of roads and bridges, CAG report noted, \"Scrutiny of works carried out under TFC revealed that planning and monitoring was deficient. Non-adherence to financial rules/regulations and instructions led to wasteful expenditure on roads lying incomplete due to land disputes, non-levy of compensation on contractors for delayed works and acceptance of sub-standard works by executive engineers.\"The only silver lining for the government was that the deficit turned into revenue surplus. The actual fiscal deficit decreased from the budget estimate by Rs 4,335 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kolar", "code": "12658815", "title": "People here sleep near borewell", "text": "KOLAR: In Agrahara village, people don't sleep in their houses. They sleep near the only borewell instead. The reason is not difficult to guess: power shortage and acute water scarcity. Severe drought in the region has only worsened the situation.This tiny village situated on Kolar-Malur road has a population of 600 plus. Majority of the people are daily labourers. They return home in the evening, have dinner and rush to the borewell with their pots, pillow and bedsheet.The village has a three-phase power supply. Villagers sleep till the power supply is given. Once the power is on, the borewell starts pumping out the precious water and residents fill their pots from a tap connected to it.H Amaresh, tahasildar, Malur taluk, told TOI that additional water used to be supplied to Agrahara village from two borewells located in Hosahalli village. But now that the borewells have gone dry, steps are being taken to supply water through tankers to these villages. However, acute power shortage has crippled the efforts, he said.Like little drops of water make a mighty ocean, a Good Samaritan is doing his little bit to soothe the parched village. HL Puttanna of Hungenahalli said Kottur Manjunath who resides here has come forward to provide water to the village. Ten tankers of water were rushed to the village on Thursday night.But the night vigil at the borewell continues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12658109", "title": "'Pune Municipal Corporation not bothered about traffic-related issues'", "text": "PUNE: The traffic police have accused the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) of \"ignoring\" growing traffic congestion in the city and not responding to their suggestions on the basic infrastructure to improve the prevailing conditions.In a concept note drafted for a discussion with PMC officials regarding the city's traffic situation, the traffic police have said the PMC doesn't respond to their efforts to ensure smooth traffic flow and implement plans for the same. \"The traffic police realise the deficiencies in the signalling system, road engineering and other traffic-related issues. We regularly communicate with the PMC and other departments in this regard, but we don't get the expected response,\" said the concept note, which was discussed in a combined meeting of PMC and police officials on Wednesday.The police took an aggressive stand during the meeting and insisted that a separate traffic department be created in the PMC to take prompt action on all works suggested by them. They said that the PMC currently takes care of works like traffic signal installation and maintenance work, marking of zebra crossings and signages. According to them, this work should be handed over to the traffic police, but the PMC has continuously ignored the demand. Also, since the PMC is in charge of all traffic-related work, the traffic police have to repeatedly follow up with the civic body leading to inordinate delays in the execution of plans.The police have pointed out that the PMC has not conducted a road safety audit and that traffic infrastructure - such as footpaths, zebra crossings, lane markings, stop lines and road signages - are not in place on all the roads.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic branch) Vishwas Pandhare insisted that the civic body act immediately on traffic-related issues and respond to their demands. He suggested that anti-encroachment drives be carried out in Swargate and Shivajinagar areas and at major city roads as well as footpaths. The police also suggested that a zero-tolerance concept be implemented in these areas.Pandhare also said that the police have suggested decentralisation of the state transport bus stands in the city to avoid traffic congestion. \"Once the state transport buses have stations on the fringes, the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited buses can occupy the space created at the Pune station, Shivajinagar and Swargate. This will help reduce the congestion in these localities,\" said the note.Mayor Vaishali Bankar said, \"We have assured the police officials that the PMC will take necessary action and fully support the traffic police's efforts to address the traffic-congestion issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12657924", "title": "4-yr-old falls from 2nd floor flat, dies", "text": "PANAJI: A four-year-old boy, Dawson Ashley Fernandes, died after he fell from the balcony of his second floor flat in Old Goa on Thursday afternoon.The accident happened at about 1.15pm, when the minor's mother had gone out of the house to pick up his two elder brothers from school. \"When the mother went to pick up the boys, she asked Dawson to come along with her. He refused, stating he wanted to watch television,\" police said.When Dawson's mother returned, she found the door locked from inside and despite ringing the bell, Dawson was not opening the door. She got suspicious and rushed to the ground floor and saw her son lying in a pool of blood. The mother raised an alarm and people gathered.\"He was immediately shifted to GMC, where he was declared brought dead. It is suspected that he went to the balcony and lost balance as the balcony doesn't have grills,\" police said.According to police, the mother is in a state of shock. \"She can't believe that her son is dead. She thinks that her son is alive and is being treated in the ICU and may return home any time,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12650911", "title": "Suchitra Krishnamoorthi sues HSBC", "text": "Suchitra Krishnamoorthi has slapped a legal notice on HSBC bank for alleged mismanagement of her funds. She has claimed `5 crore in damages.In her notice, she says she held a bank account with HSBC since 2003. Between August and September 2006, she received `1.40 crore, which she deposited with HSBC. \"It was then that the bank approached me and constantly persuaded me to appoint them as portfolio managers of my investments. They assured 24% returns,\" Suchitra said each time she incurred losses, she was assured they would be recovered. Her notice says her losses amount to `80 lakh, which is a result of HSBC's gross negligence. An HSBC spokesperson said, \"We have received the notice and we will file our reply shortly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12661731", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav meets PM Manmohan Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and demanded smooth transfer of funds for Central schemes like MNREGA and asked for help in holding the forthcoming Kumbh festival, cleaning of the Ganga and coal supply to the state.Accompanied by senior officials, Akhilesh met Singh for over an hour to discuss his policies and programmes for Uttar Pradesh and the help he needed for implementing his schemes and ideas.\"We have not demanded any package for the state. It was a good meeting with the Prime Minister. A host of issues related to Uttar Pradesh including MNREGA, roads, problems related to coal shortage, the Kumbh Mela to be held soon and the Ganga cleaning project were discussed,\" Yadav told reporters after the meeting.Yadav said he has demanded the Centre's help, including sanctioning of requisite funds, to the UP government.\"The Prime Minister has assured us that funds will be sent for all the schemes being implemented in the state,\" he said.The chief minister said roads, power, and drinking water were the priority areas for the Samajwadi Party government in UP.\"Centre should grant these funds, only then will the development work reach the people. If UP moves on the path of progress, then the country will move on that path too,\" he said, adding that UP being a big state, its progress matters in the overall development of the nation.Akhilesh maintained that law and order is an important issue for his government.Asked what action is being taken on corruption cases involving his predecessor government headed by Mayawati , he said he is looking into the matter and results will be visible soon.He insisted that those who built parks and placed elephants and their own statues there have already been punished by the electorate which has voted them out. Though this was a clear reference to Mayawati, he did not name the BSP chief.\"We are putting new policies and schemes in place. You will see the results within three months,\" Yadav, who completed one month in office today, said. Asked if NCTC issue came up for discussion with the Prime Minister, Akhilesh said security issues will come up for discussion in a separate meeting scheduled later. He was referring to the chief ministers' conference called by the Centre on April 16 to discuss NCTC.The UP chief minister later paid a courtesy call on President Pratibha Patil .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "12656825", "title": "5 die in Moga blast, probe ordered", "text": "MOGA: Five persons, including three of a family, died and two others were injured when a powerful blast ripped through a house in Preet Nagar area of Moga on Friday afternoon.The family was into cracker-making business and the explosion reportedly occurred after crackers caught fire. However, some sources said the blast took place after a LPG cylinder exploded.Liaqat Ali, 37, his wife Hoor Bano, 34, daughter Ashrish, 14, neighbours Veer Bhan, 18 and Iqbal Singh, 12 died in the accident.Hina, the daughter of the deceased, and another neighbour Amarjit Singh sustained critical injuries.Magisterial inquiry has been ordered by Moga deputy commissioner to ascertain the cause behind the blast and to find out whether an illegal mini unit of manufacturing crackers was being run in a residential area.Moga resident Liaqat Ali was into making of fire crackers to provide these at marriage parties and for Diwali celebrations, at his place in Preet Nagar.As per the neighbours, the blast was so powerful that it was heard at a distance of more than a kilometer.Apart from Liaqat Ali's own house, the powerful blast damaged some adjoining houses as well. A car parked outside also got damaged. Fire tenders were pressed into service to control the flames.SSP Sneh Deep Sharma confirmed that four people had died and three got injured. He said, \"Forensic experts have been asked to ascertain the reasons and the type of the blast.\"\"It seems the explosion occurred due to fire crackers as police have recovered some crackers from the house,\" he added.Police are investigating if the house owners were running an illegal cracker manufacturing unit in the densely populated area.Moga DC Arshdeep Singh Thind said, \"SDM Moga has been asked to probe the reasons leading to the blast.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12662944", "title": "Shraddha wants a boyfriend like AB Junior", "text": "Shraddha Das is looking for a boyfriend and he has to be exactly like Bachchan junior, that's what actor Navdeep informs us. \"Apparently dear Shraddha wants a boyfriend who looks, talks and is everything like Abhishek Bachchan ...\" the actor says.Needless to say, Shraddha agrees, saying, \"Abhishek Bachchan is hot! You (Navdeep) anyways don't like anything that I like!\" Navdeep further goes on to giving a suggestion to his actor friend Shraddha. \"Why don't you try wanting a boyfriend like any other guy who's not married and who doesn't have a kid.... say... like ummmm err..him? There's a lot of fish in the sea my dear... use the right net and you'll get the whale... a funny witty handsome whale...\" So, this is what Shraddha had to say in reply, \"I like his personality and he's witty unlike many others! I want someone like him! Not exactly him! The right whale will come along! Just has to be like AB junior!\" Ah! Well said, Shraddha!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kolar", "code": "12658818", "title": "Mangoes to be out of aam janta's reach", "text": "KOLAR: Mangoes may be out of reach this summer due to sharp fall in production in the state and the expected price rise.Vadagur Nagaraj, director, State Krushik Samaj, said that over 15 lakh tonnes of fruit is expected every year. But this time around the crop is expected to be around only 1.5 lakh tonnes.\"Extremely dry weather condition and zero moisture in the soil will lead to a fall in production. The fall will be greater than usual,\" said state horticulture department officials.The state department of horticulture has set a target production of only 3.5 lakh tonnes of mangoes from the state though this is an 'on-year' (bumper crop expected) for mango production. But last year, though it was an off-year, the production was 3.5 lakh tonnes.Chandrashekar of Neelatur, a progressive mango farmer who took part in the Mango Hangama in New Delhi last year, said the production of mango will be less than 40% compared to last year due to the prevailing drought in major mango-growing areas across the state.The fruit is grown almost in all parts of the state, but the best varieties are widely grown in about 60,000 hectares of Srinivasapur and Mulbagal taluks in Kolar district and Chintamani taluk in Chikkaballapur district.The varieties grown here are in huge demand in New Delhi, Punjab and neighbouring states of Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh. The traders here set up market during April May and June at Srinivasapur to procure and sell the crop.Byalahalli Govinda Gowda, president, district farmers' forum , said that the failure of crop may push up the price of Raspuri which is a common variety up to Rs 40 per kg and the Badam mango between Rs 50 and Rs 75. Alphonso varieties may however be totally out of reach of common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "gill road", "code": "12658605", "title": "For Gurmukh, his falcon is Guru Gobind's blessing", "text": "GILL ROAD: Gurmukh Singh, 25, of Gill Road following the family tradition of Nihang Sikhs wears the blue dress of Nihangs. However, what has made him popular is the falcon that he carries along with him wherever he goes. He treats this falcon as a blessing of Guru Gobind Singh.Gurmukh said, ''In December 2011, when I went to pay obeisance at Anandpur Sahib I found the falcon entangled by a thread on a tree. I climbed the tree and brought it down. I nursed it to health. The bird has a lot of importance in Sikh religion as Guru Gobind Singh used to carry this bird.'' He adds, ''As soon as the bird recovered, I set it free but it came back to me. And since then it has been with me.''In the business of making swords and other arms, Gurmukh adds, ''The bird is my lucky charm and goes with me wherever I go. And back home also it tags along with me everywhere - when I rest in my bedroom it also rests on the cupboard nearby.'' He said, ''The bird only eats flesh. When I go to Alamgir Sahib and other gurudwaras, along with it, people gather around me and click pictures.'' ''Guru Gobind Singh had asked all Sikhs to keep this bird as they are lucky,'' said Gurmukh's father Jathedar Pippal Singh, who belongs to Misl Shaheedan Tarna Dal. ''I will always keep this bird with me. I will not bind it to stay with me and in case it flies away on its own I will not stop him,'' added Gurmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657355", "title": "Sheila rakes up Modi, skirts civic issues", "text": "NEW DELHI: Steering clear of civic issues or development plans, chief minister Sheila Dikshit centered on one topic in her speech at Muslim-dominated Old Delhi - Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi. Dikshit, who in the last one week of campaigning has delivered dozens of public speeches revolving around municipal trifurcation and women's reservation, entirely shifted the focus to Modi at her Ballimaran address and reminded people of BJP's saffron image.\"They (BJP) often say that their next PM would be Narendra Modi but they never call him for campaigning in polls. This is because they know that if he ever comes here he will be stoned by people,\" said Dikshit at a public meeting in Sadar Thana late on Friday evening.So far, Congress has been targeting BJP for raising national issues in municipal elections but on Friday it treaded the same path. \"Our party takes everyone under its wings, irrespective of caste, community or region,\" said Dikshit. Barely a few hours earlier, Dikshit addressed a similar election meet in Defence Colony but her speech saw no mention of Modi or any caste. She gave details of candidates who are educated professionals and spoke about party's development plans.Power minister and MLA from Ballimaran constituency Haroon Yusuf only added fuel to the fire. \"BJP's only aim is to sow the seeds of hatred in the hearts of the two communities. When leaders like Sheila Dikshit try to hold the hand of their weak children (Muslims), they accuse them of appeasement,\" he said.While Dikshit restricted her speech to the 2002 Gujarat riots, Yusuf went one step ahead by discussing the Babri Masjid demolition and its aftermath. \"You have to vote for Congress for the sake of peace. We are fighting for development and secularism,\" he added.On the concluding day of campaigning, Dikshit held meetings at Defence Colony, Arjun Nagar-Safdarjang Nagar, Pandav Nagar, Majnu ka Tila, GT Road, Lal Bagh, Rana Pratap Bagh, Sadar Thana Road and Bara Hindurao.Earlier, Dikshit slammed the BJP for tarnishing her government's image accusing it of corruption in the CWG games. \"If any of their allegations or anything stated in Shunglu committee report is proved, I am willing to face any punishment,\" she said. She emphasized on having Congress presence in the corporation to improve the coordination of work. \"You already have a Congress MLA and MP (Kapil Sibal), if you have a councillor from the same party it will double the pace of work,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi ", "code": "12656055", "title": "Centre needs Rs 2.3 lakh crore to fund RTE initiative", "text": "NEW DELHI : With the Supreme Court bringing all recognized schools under the Right to Education (RTE) Act, the government will have to boost spending on its flagship programme to meet the estimated Rs 2.3 lakh crore needed to fund the initiative over 2010-2014.RTE has been plagued with fund shortfalls with budgetary provision in the last two years being only half of what was estimated. The HRD ministry received Rs 21,000 crore in 2011-12 instead of Rs 43,903 crore. The allocation has gone up only marginally to Rs 25,000 crore in the current 2012-13 budget.The estimated Rs 2.3 lakh crore, to be shared between Centre and states according to a 65:35 ratio, is also expected to go up as it does not include subsidy the government is to pay private schools to implement a 25% quota for economically disadvantaged students.The RTE incorporates the successful Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) and the ministry had estimated it would need an allocation of Rs 48,000 crore in the current fiscal. Initially, the government had calculated that it would need Rs 40,500 crore in the first year of implementation.According to educationist Vinod Raina, a key member of the RTE team, \"RTE in general suffers from a financial crunch and there has also been a problem of states not being able to spend the funds allocated. There have also been constraints of teacher shortages.''While RTE rollout has been hampered by a resource crunch and infrastructure bottlenecks for which the government has not always been to blame, targets set for UPA's ambitious programme of social inclusiveness have not been met. The erosion of gender imbalances and reduction of dropout rates are still lagging targets.Implementation of RTE targets still needs 12 lakh teachers and HRD minister Kapil Sibal has said six lakh posts have been sanctioned that need to be filled. RTE sets an ideal 30:1 student-teacher ratio for primary schools.The overall annual dropout rate for 2009-10 was 9.1% and this has improved to 6.8% in 2010-11. Total enrollment has increased to 13.52 crore from 13.34 crore in the same period. But worryingly dropout rates have increased in states like Tamil Nadu, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh , Haryana, Mizoram, Sikkim and Tripura.There are about 1.29 million elementary schools in the country. Besides funding, shortage of teachers is a crucial hurdle to implementing the Act. According to the ministry, 43% of government schools have a pupil: teacher ratio of more than 30:1. About 9% schools are run by single teachers, while 20% have teachers without professional qualifications. There is an estimated shortage of 12 lakh teachers in eight states, and the worst affected include UP, Bihar and West Bengal.A recent PAISA report by Accountability Initiative has seconded the government's estimate that allocations to teachers, including salaries, training and teaching inputs such as teacher learning equipment, accounted for the largest share of the SSA budget.In 2011-2012 teachers accounted for 44% of the budget. School infrastructure made up for the second largest share with a total allocation of 36%, while children (entitlement and special programmes) accounted for 10%.While per child allocation has doubled from Rs 2, 004 in 2009-1010 to Rs 4, 269 in 2011-2012 the report says that a matching increase in quality parameters is absent. Raina says staggered targets depending upon progress of each state may be the answer to effective implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12661580", "title": "American lawmaker seeks scaling back US aid to Pakistan", "text": "WASHINGTON: A powerful American lawmaker has sought to scale back the US civilian aid to Pakistan unless Islamabad makes satisfactory action against the militant groups, in particular the Afghanistan-based Haqqani network.Congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen has also sought to end US foreign assistance to countries like India, China and Brazil who are economically viable enough to maintain their own assistance programmes.Ros-Lehtinen, chairwoman of the powerful House Foreign affairs Committee, expressed her views in a letter to Congressmen Paul Ryan and Chris Van Hollen , who are respectively chairman and ranking member of the house committee on budget.\"Countries, such as China, Brazil, South Africa and India, have transitioned from being recipients of foreign aid to substantial donors, funding major foreign assistance programs and investments of their own. US assistance should not be provided to countries that are economically viable enough to maintain their own assistance programs,\" she wrote.Ros-Lehtinen said few relationships are as complex and challenging as that between the US and Pakistan.\"While there is some hope for modest improvements in the relationship this year, such gains will likely be tactical and incremental - not strategic game changers,\" she wrote.She said the Congress must be clear about its expectations for the relationship.\"Absent credible steps to address longstanding United States concerns about official Pakistani support for the activities of violent non-state actors along the Afghan border and elsewhere in the region, the majority cannot support continued assistance at current levels,\" she said.She said the Foreign Relations Authorization Act and analogous language contained in the end-year appropriations bill restrict the use of most foreign assistance authorities for Pakistan unless the Secretary of State can certify that Pakistan is cooperating with the US in efforts against the Haqqani Network and other extremist groups.More broadly, the most recent quarterly report of the office of the inspector general (OIG) for US civilian assistance to Afghanistan and Pakistan states that although Congress appropriated USD 1.48 billion for civilian assistance to Pakistan in FY12, only USD 618 million was obligated.In addition, over the last three years, USD 1.632 in obligated development funding (equal to 38 per cent of total obligated civilian assistance since 2009) remains unspent.Given the political and diplomatic difficulties in the US-Pakistan relationship, she said it would make more sense to scale back the pace of appropriations for civilian assistance in Pakistan, so that such funds are used more judiciously and sustainably over a longer period of time.\"It must be noted that the government of Pakistan has repeatedly said that if the United States wants to support economic development in Pakistan, it should do so through a greater reliance on trade rather than aid policy,\" she said.In this spirit, she argued that the budget committee must urge the executive branch to look toward trade policy as an increasingly important tool in its efforts to foster stability in Pakistan and the broader South Asian region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657326", "title": "Saffron extremists desecrated temple to trigger riots: Cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city police have launched a manhunt for four persons belonging to the Hindu community who they suspect triggered the communal disturbances in Old City last Sunday by hurling a piece of beef on the walls of the Hanuman Temple at Kurmaguda in Madannapet. All the four are residents of Kurmaguda and in their late twenties, police said, and claimed that the accused would be nabbed within the next 48 hours.Reaping political benefits by intensifying communal polarization in the city is said to be the motive behind the attack. \"We have reliable information confirming the role of four Hindu extremists in the Kurmaguda incident that started the recent communal disturbances. One of the accused was earlier arrested in the post-Bakrid communal violence incidents in the city. \"All the accused are on the run and special teams have been formed to nab them,\" a top investigating officer told TOI.While the Special Investigation Team (SIT) of the city police is probing the 26 cases of communal clashes that took place in Old City since last Sunday, there is a special emphasis on the investigation into the Kurmaguda Hanuman temple desecration as it was the triggering point for the series of clashes. SIT officers visited Kurmaguda on Thursday and questioned several people. \"We have specific information that the incident was executed by locals from the same community,\" said a source. Intelligence sleuths are also closely monitoring the probe and confirmed the role of Hindu fundamentalist elements behind the attack.An officer, who is part of the probe, revealed that the four suspects who have been on the run now are just mere pawns in the big political game and the main challenge would be to get to the conspirators who used them to reap political benefits. In the 2010 communal clashes, the SIT team had made several arrests but failed to nail the conspirators who provoked the mob. The same was the situation in the probe related to the post- Bakrid communal attacks in 2011. \"A middle level politico interested in contesting the assembly election in 2014 is possibly the brain behind the attack,\" police sources averred. Analysts said that this gave a new dimension to the communal tension and revealed that polarization was being deliberately fomented to garner votes.Police have also confirmed the involvement of local Hindus in a temple desecration at Nandi Musalaiguda in Bahadurpura police limits and suspect a similar conspiracy behind the temple desecration at Moghulpura. \"While the Nandi Musalaiguda temple desecration was engineered to ensure the posting of a police picket in their communally sensitive area, we suspect that the Moghulpura incident was to instigate the people. Thankfully, the perpetrators at Moghulpura did not succeed,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12658641", "title": "Piety and gaiety mark Baisakhi celebration", "text": "LUDHIANA: The most awaited and fun filled festival of the season, Baisakhi was celebrated in city with great enthusiasm. Wearing traditional costumes and drenched in devotion, residents celebrated the festival of growth and prosperity. While some devotees went to Amritsar to pay obeisance at the Golden Temple, others attended special prayer meetings and had guru-ka-langar.Celebrated to rejoice the birth of Guru Gobind Singh - the tenth Sikh guru and the foundation day of Khalsa Panth, major activities for the festival were centred on gurdwaras. On this day, people following Sikh faith woke up early in the morning and visited gurdwaras to attend special prayer meetings. At noon, after the Baisakhi ardas, \"karah prasad\" was offered to the guru for his blessings. It was then distributed to the congregation. The ceremony culminated with a special guru-ka-langar where people sat in rows with their heads covered as volunteers served them with vegetarian meal. On the occasion various ragi and jathas also recited kirtan.Resident of Sarabha Nagar, Amarjeet Singh said, ''Baisakhi also marks the beginning of a new year for us. This Baisakhi I went to the gurdwara near my house to participate in turban tying competition. It was great fun participating in the activity.''Resident of Model Town, Surjit Singh said, ''I participated in the turban tying competition, however I did not win it. But the good part is that I learnt how to tie a turban in a short span of time.'' Resident of Civil Lines, Gurjit Singh said, ''I wore a saffron colour turban to mark Baisakhi and have been doing the same for the past many years. It's my way of celebrating the day.'' Resident of BRS Nagar, Harpreet Kaur said, ''I got up early to visit gurudwara and after that offered my help to serve community food. It gave me immense satisfaction.''Gurpreet Kaur of Pakhowal Road said, ''I started the day with paying obeisance at a gurudwara. Later, we enjoyed the evening at home, dancing and relishing scumptous food.'' Resident of Dandi Swami Road, Ripanjeet Kaur said, ''My family was very excited about Baisakhi. We bought new clothes for the day and dressed our best in traditional attire to celebrate the occasion.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12656488", "title": "I\u2019m a Brahmin &amp; Congress\u2019s general secretary: Rahul Gandhi to party", "text": "NEW DELHI: Post Congress's poor show in UP, recrimination has been mixed with the hunt for a stable vote bank in a state where caste remains a key arbiter of power.While UP Congress leaders are waiting to see how the party reinvents its caste appeal, the competition and jostling among social groups like OBCs, dalits and upper castes has become the party's focal point. The lament of Brahmin leaders has been particularly loud with Congress's minority-mandal push coming a cropper.Matters came to an interesting point during a recent review meeting when the upper caste/Brahmin argument was invoked by a local UP leader saw Congress leader Rahul Gandhi rebutting the claim by remarking \"I am a Brahmin...and general secretary in the party.\"The comment was read as a counter to the argument that the party had ignored its traditional, albeit alienated base, in its quest to regain salience in UP. Although upper castes have lost their dominance in the state, leaders from these sections remain vocal and pushy in their advocacy.A week after Rahul Gandhi conducted the review of the UP election, leaders are counting on two decisive steps for moving forward - action against non-performers and a clear idea on which social group to lean on. The urgency stems from the view that there should be enough time for party message to reach the grassroots for 2014 Lok Sabha polls.The upper caste, OBC and dalit camps in Congress are vying for the leadership's attention. According to sources, Rahul's review saw leaders speaking of the need to fashion a \"base vote\" like Yadavs for Samajwadi Party and dalits in case of BSP. Upper castes felt Congress could not ignore its traditional catchment group, particularly as it has switched loyalties and seems open to being wooed.The poll defeat seems to have complicated the Congress search for a social combination to renew its appeal among voters two decades after the Babri demolition pushed it to the margins. Congress pegged the election campaign on backwards and Muslims. Dalit leaders feel Rahul's strategy to win over key social group, initiated by his visits to their huts, would pay off in the long run. That has led to suspense over the Congress leadership's new choices.The post-poll audit brought out common refrain from all contending groups: Congress needs a base vote. But sources said it was easier said than done to come up with a target constituency.While backwards, including MBCs voted for SP, dalits stuck to BSP which, despite the scale of its defeat, was only 3% votes behind the winner. Thakurs, a dominant upper caste, sided with SP. In contrast, Congress bid to woo the Mandal classes, with steel minister Beni Prasad Verma being projected as a mascot of sorts, did not work while the approach put off upper castes.Sources said the brainstorming evoked sharp reactions with senior leader Ram Lal Rahi saying that focusing on Jatavs and Yadavs was a waste of time as they were not ready to leave BSP and SP. Some others felt Congress needed to keep trying. A leader quoted an election survey to argue a section of Jatavs had left BSP.No leader opposed the Muslim gambit but most felt it failed because the 4.5% quota was brought up too close to elections and the message did not percolate down to the masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12658296", "title": "Youngsters participate in turban-tying contest", "text": "LUDHIANA: Young residents from all parts of the city thronged Gurdwara Guru Singh Sabha in Sarabha Nagar where a \"datsar bandi\" (turban tying) competition was organized to mark the International Sikh Dastar Bandi Divas.The main purpose behind the competition was to promote turbans among Sikh children of all ages. ''We made all the participants and winners of the competition stand in a trolley and took them around various parts of Sarabha Nagar in order to motivate people for tying turbans,'' said Jatinder Sandhu, president, Gurudwara Guru Singh Sabha.He said, the competition was organized for participants in five categories according to their age groups. In the under-12 category, Harbir Singh impressed the judges with his adeptly tied turban and won the first prize. Dalbir Singh and Deepjot Singh secured the second and third places, respectively.In 12 to 14 category, Jaskaranbir, Satinderpal Singh and Pavneet Singh grabbed the top three positions, respectively. In 14 to 16 category, Gagandeep Singh, Simran Preet Singh and Damanpreet Singh won the top three prizes. In 16 to 18 category, Babir Singh notched the first position, followed by Amuldeep Singh and Sehaj Anand Singh for the second and third ranks.Deepinder Singh, Harmanpreet Kaur and Manmeet Kaur managed the top three positions in 18 years and above category. The winners were witnessed having a gala time cheering on the trolley moving around in Sarabha Nagar.''We really enjoyed ourselves. For me more than winning the competition, participation is important. Though I could not win this time, but the mere fact that I participated made my parents proud,'' said Sarabjeet Singh, a 14-years-old resident of Model Gram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/sambalpur", "code": "12658757", "title": "Council for Higher Secondary Education scanner on high scores in Plus II", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/SAMBALPUR: The Council for Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) has directed supervisors of Plus II examiners to segregate answer-books awarded 90 per cent marks or above.\"I am directed to request you to make subject-wise packets of all answer books where 90 per cent or more marks have been awarded. These packets may be handed over to officers authorized by the controller to receive marks foils,\" read a letter from CHSE controller of examinations Jasobanta Behera. The letter reached valuation zone supervisors on Wednesday.Unhappy over the directive, examiners said this may deprive deserving students of securing high marks. \"Now, many teachers would be wary of coming under the government scanner by awarding 90 per cent or above marks,\" said an examiner in Sambalpur on condition of anonymity.\"Though the CHSE letter does not mention anything about revaluation of the answer sheets, we are not sure about the council's intention,\" said a senior official of the zonal valuation centre in Bhubaneswar, adding, it was natural that teachers would want to play safe by awarding less than 90 per cent.Valuation of Plus II answer sheets is underway in 46 valuation zones since April 4. Around 5,000 examiners are evaluating the scripts amid tight security. Though the last date of valuation was scheduled to be April 24, council sources said it would spill over by another week as many examiners skipped their duty under different pretext.Sources said the higher education department took the step to keep a check on self-financed colleges from influencing examiners. In 2011, many of the top 10 positions in Plus II science stream went to students of two comparatively new self-financed colleges. \"Those were new colleges and the pool of students taking admissions there were not very exceptional, but the results far exceeded expectations,\" a higher education department officer said. The government had learnt from reliable sources that some colleges had been trying to influence examiners to be liberal in awarding marks to their students, the officer added.Meanwhile, a section of self-financed colleges have welcomed the move. \"It is good step because it will bring more accountability. All self-financed colleges should not be put in the same bracket because some of us are tirelessly trying to achieve the best results possible by proper teaching,\" said R N Panda, principal of Institute of Higher Secondary Education, a self-financed college in Bhubaneswar.Of the over 1200 Plus II colleges, 197 are self-financed, including 55 in Bhubaneswar, the highest in the state, 12 each in Cuttack and Berhampur and 20 in Sambalpur zone, among others. Many of them are charging exorbitantly from students by promising good ranks.CHSE authorities said the council's move was meant to ensure better transparency, and was not specifically directed at self-financed colleges. \"Most of the post-publication controversies concern results of those securing 90 per cent and above. If their answer-sheets are sorted out separately, we can quickly refer to them. That is the logic behind the move ,\" said the CHSE controller of examinations.Allaying examiners' 'recheck' fears, Behera said many high scoring students ask for re-addition because a single mark becomes important in securing top positions. \"We want to sort out such answer papers in advance so that such re-additions can be done quickly,\" Behera said and requested examiners not to anticipate anything adverse on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12657150", "title": "Debolina starts hunger strike in jail", "text": "KOLKATA: Arrested activist Debolina Chakraborty has started hunger strike in the CID custody on Friday to support the Nonadanga movement. Six other jailed activists will also start fasting from Saturday. Other political prisoners in different jails, too, have decided to start hunger strike to show their solidarity towards the Nonadanga evictees.Meanwhile, a Left Front delegation met the fasting activists at Nonadanga, adding fuel to the movement. The CPI team, led by former mayor in council Farjana Chowdhury, extended support to the anti-eviction activists. \"We will bring the matter to the notice of the proper authority and feel that none should be evicted without proper rehabilitation,\" said Farjana Chowdhury.Left Front's involvement in the Nonadanga movement, however, led Trinamool Congress to show their political strength. Later in the day, KMC councillor Ratan De and party's students leader Shanku Deb Ponda took out a rally and and campaigned in favour of the eviction. The Trinamool leaders asked other locals to drive away the outsiders who are camping at Nonadanga.But the agitators refused to give up. \"We will continue our fast till the government sends us a positive feeler,\" said Amitava Bhattacharya, one of the fasting activists. Trinamool MP Kabir Suman is likely to meet the fasting activists at Nonadanga on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12650167", "title": "Jacqueline Fernandez is all for rats", "text": "Actor Jacqueline Fernandez has developed a fetish for rodents. says, \"Rats may be small, but they are smart, social creatures who have the same capacity to feel pain and to suffer as a dog, cat or any other animal\".Rats have excellent memories and excel at learning and understanding concepts. Recent studies by neuroscientist Jaak Panksepp suggest that when rats play or are playfully tickled, they make chirping sounds that are strikingly similar to human laughter.The Central Warehousing Corporation has decided to end the use of live rats is in accordance with the guidelines of the Directorate of Plant Protection, Quarantine &amp; Storage in Faridabad, which state that gas-detection equipment - not live animals - should be used to test the effectiveness of fumigation processes, as well as The Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960, which prohibits causing animals to suffer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661659", "title": "Poila Boishakh, feast time for Bengalis", "text": "To celebrate Poila Boishakh all you need is to be a Bengali at heart. It's a day given to fun, music and adda that is never complete without indulging your taste buds.To raise a toast to Bangaliana, Zodiac, the 24-hour astral coffee shop at Fortune Select Loudon, is all set to treat Kolkatans to a lavish lunch and dinner buffet spread. Nobosadey Nababarsha, as the festival is called, is a two-day weekend Poila Boishakh food extravaganza.Begin your feast with the crispy bhaja platter consisting of Dhoka Bhaja, Kumro Phooler Bora, Topse Bhaja, Machher Chop with Mustard Sauce. Aam Pora Sharbat and Gandho Lebur Sharbat feature on the list of coolers.The main course includes dishes like Sona Mooger Dal, Chhanar Dalna, Potol Posto, Enchorer Kofta, Kosha Mangsho, Bhetki Paturi and Bati Chingri. With food fare in Kolkata usually culminating in a sweet ending, the eatery has made sure to treat Kolkatans to dollops of its signature Aam Doi, assorted platters of sandesh, malpoa and rosogolla among others. Here's to the bhuri bhoj!Venue: ZodiacWhen: April 14-April 15Timings: 12.30 pm-3.30 pm (Lunch); 7.30 pm-11 pm (Dinner)Tariff: Rs 799+taxes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12657529", "title": "'Rathore can buy pillow &amp; cooler'", "text": "JAIPUR: In a relief to the former BJP minister Rajendra Singh Rathore arrested in connection with Dara Singh encounter case, a lower court on Friday directed the Jaipur Central Jail authorities to provide him proper bedding, clothing, mosquito coils and cooler (if recommended by a doctor) in his cell, his lawyers said. The facilities will be provided at the politician's expenses.Rathore has been allowed to buy foam mattresses, pillows, blankets, mosquito coils and, a cooler if it is recommended by a doctor, his lawyer AK Jain said. \"He was not able to be present before the court during the last hearing after his arrest due to bad health. Due to the pathetic condition of the jails, he has fallen ill. Rathore has a high BP problem,\" Jain said.He also said this order will pave the way for other under trial inmates also who are suffering from bad health which is aggravating due to the jail conditions.Jain added that home made food and newspapers are already being provided by the jail administration.\"The court has also instructed the jail authorities to lodge Rathore in a separate cell. A TV will also be installed in his cell,\" Jain added.His lawyers had been filing applications in the additional chief judicial magistrate court demanding various facilities. Rathore had been complaining about lack of facilities since he was arrested last week.Rathore's lawyers had argued that he was given two blankets in the jail, one to sleep on and another to cover himself. The lawyers had also said that he was not able to sleep due to mosquitoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12664263", "title": "The scents of summer", "text": "Every summer, it's time to change your fragrance wardrobe too.Tired of the heavy musks and oriental perfumes that warmed up the cold days of winter? Then, it is time to switch up your fragrance to something that is light and airy. But that does not mean going out and buying the first floral fragrance that catches your fancy on your next shopping trip. You have to check out the new trends of the season, go perfume shopping and then decide which one will suit you best.According to trend watchers, this year fragrances like orange flower, spicy bergamot, root beer, guava, pink pepper leather and ginger orchid will be among the hottest scents in the stores.Though the most popular fragrances are still modern florals and those with fruity topnotes, the perfumes with a romantic edge to them are far more trendy. It is best to look for soft and feminine and soft scents when choosing a perfume for the warmer months.Fragrance experts also say that sweet, ripe fruit scents are in demand these days, especially when they are laced with musk or vanilla. Male scents in smoky, woody and earthy notes are also very popular.Those who like the fragrance of the outdoors, will find that there are plenty of options available to them -- like tropical perfumes and ocean inspired scents. And when in doubt, choose a celebrity fragrance instead.But whatever you do, perfume sellers suggest that you don't smell more than 5 fragrances a day, either on a strip of paper or on your skin. And when you like something, buy it at once. The fragrance may turn out to be your best summer buy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657201", "title": "Curfew likely to be lifted from today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Amidst heavy bandobast, the Juma (Friday) prayers passed off peacefully in the Old City. City police said that if Friday night too passes off without any untoward incident, curfew in Saidabad and Madannapet will be completely lifted on Saturday.However, police said that on Saturday curfew will be lifted from 6 am to 8 pm instead of the existing 9 am to 5 pm. Since the morning, armed policemen were deployed at every nook and corner of the Old City to prevent any trouble.At Mecca Masjid, due to the presence of barricades, traffic movement was stalled for nearly two hours during the afternoon prayers. Cops put up a human shield of their personnel near Bhagya Lakshmi temple at Charminar, which is in the vicinity of Mecca Masjid.The situation was peaceful in Saidabad and Madannapet as well, where night curfew is still in progress. During the time when curfew was lifted, almost all the shops in Saidabad and Madannapet remained open. . \"A decision about completely lifting the curfew will be taken depending on how Friday night passes off,'' deputy commissioner of police (South Zone) Manish Kumar Sinha said.Meanwhile, police have asked authorities of temples and mosques in the Old City to raise volunteers and provide security for their religious places. At religious places located in sensitive areas, the cops have posted pickets, ensuring frequent patrolling. At important religious places like Mecca Masjid, besides the policemen, CCTV cameras are in place.Residents send photos of rioters to policeHYDERABAD: Taking the initiative to cooperate with the police, several residents of Madannapet and Saidabad have started sending photographs and video clips that they had taken on their mobile phones during the communal disturbances on Sunday last. During the riots on April 9, at some places, masked miscreants were seen pelting stones resulting in injuries to people and damage to public and private properties. The residents who saw the rioters photographed them on their phones. They later gave the same to the investigators. The identity of the residents would not be revealed, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656686", "title": "Kidnap scare as boy goes missing from Mambalam", "text": "CHENNAI: A three-year-old boy who went missing from West Mambalam was traced near Mylapore on Friday afternoon.An auto driver who saw the child near Nageshwara Rao park handed him over to the Mylapore police at 1pm.Police said S Sairam went missing around 9am on Friday after his uncle took him to a shop and left him at the corner of Avvai Street, believing he would reach his house at the end of the road safely. But the child, son of auto driver Sekar from Mettupalayam in West Mambalam, didn't reach home even after half an hour.When he wasn't home even by 9.30am, his mother Rajeshwari sent her older daughter to search for the boy. The girl checked in her grandmother's house two streets away.The family lodged a complaint with the Kumaran Nagar police at 10.30am. Police sent an alert to all police stations across the city. At 1pm, an auto driver who spotted the boy near Nageshwara Rao park took him to the Mylapore police station. He was soon taken back home. \"All he said was that he was tired and hungry,\" said Rajeshwari.\"We tried to ask the child how he had reached Mylapore but he wanted to play and didn't answer our questions,\" said deputy commissioner (Adyar) Sudhakar. \"We will continue investigations to find out whether he was abducted and then abandoned.\"Crime records bureau statistics show that about 100 children go missing in the state every month, and 1,882 children have remained untraced since 2004. Police data shows abduction (of people of all ages) has gone up by 34% over last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656530", "title": "Inspector cleared of graft charge wins Rs 10L compensation", "text": "CHENNAI: A police inspector arrested and suspended on graft charges, only to be exonerated and reinstated in service a while later, has been awarded a compensation of Rs 10 lakh, to be paid by his seniors.The case, however, is far from over. An assistant commissioner of police, who had been asked to pay a part of the compensation, has approached the court to pardon non-representation on his part in the case.The VII additional sessions court here became the centre of attention when inspector R Balaji, who was arrested on June 27, 2008 and remained under suspension till May 1, 2009, initiated defamation proceedings seeking Rs 10.1 lakh compensation.Balaji, a 1996 batch sub-inspector of police, was promoted as inspector in August 2005. During his stint as inspector of the Kumaran Nagar police station, the police commissioner issued an order on June 11, 2008, stating that certain communal groups were vengeful about Balaji and that the jurisdictional deputy commissioner of police should be careful about it.Days after the warning, a head constable, Paul Thurai, was arrested for demanding 3,000 as bribe from a person threatened with detention under the Goondas Act. Vigilance personnel, led by inspector Veda Rathinam (who has since been promoted as assistant commissioner), then sought to arrest Balaji, stating that the head constable collected the money on behalf of the inspector. He was arrested and released on own bond immediately, only to be suspended from service shortly thereafter.The investigation was later entrusted to a different vigilance team, which found no substance in the allegations against Balaji. It recommended dropping of charges against him. The government accepted the recommendation and reinstated Balaji in service in May 2009. The final order exonerating him of all charges was issued in July 2009.In his suit, Balaji's counsel Xavier Felix said his arrest was a vindictive exercise done without even a preliminary inquiry as per the vigilance manual. Based on a false complaint, Balaji was arrested and suspended. Besides, the news was published in several newspapers, he said.Describing it as a malicious prosecution, Felix cited three people including two officials - assistant commissioner Thomas and inspector Veda Rathinam. None of the three was represented during the hearing of the suit. In July 2011, the court issued an ex parte order allowing Balaji's suit.Rathinam has now approached the court stating that he was busy with police duty and hence could not instruct his counsel to represent him in court. He wanted the delay on his part to be condoned. The matter has now been adjourned to JuneRathinam has denied the allegations levelled by Balaji and stated that he had done his job in good faith in the course of his duty. He said Balaji was arrested only after a prima facie case was made out against him. A clean chit by another investigating team would not automatically give Balaji the leverage to initiate proceedings for damages, he said. He wanted Balaji's suit to be dismissed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657220", "title": "Many skip prayers at Mecca Masjid", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fewer people turned up for the Friday prayers at the Mecca Masjid in spite of the Old City remaining peaceful. The tight bandobast notwithstanding, residents and traders were apprehensive of disturbance. Business establishments and schools remained open and many locals wondered why people stayed away from the mosque.The historic Mecca Masjid which registers around 8,000 namazis for Juma prayers noted a significant drop in the headcount this Friday. Khaja Nayeemuddin, superintendent of Mecca Masjid said, \"There was a drop of roughly 1,000 people. The number of worshippers last week was better.\" The youth and the elderly chose to stay away on account of the spate of communal disturbances and the heavy barricading of roads restricting vehicular movement till a hundred metres from the mosque gates.A bangle seller from Laad Bazaar, at a stones throwaway from the historic mosque, noted that youngsters stayed away fearing reprisals by the police if any untoward incident were to occur, their fear rooted in the many instances of the police randomly picking up innocent youth in the past. \"The turnout over the past eight Fridays has been sporadic. The youth don't want to get caught in the crossfire between police and anti-social elements. Also, the two road blocks - one near Farasha Cafe and the other at Charminar Bus Stop - have forced the elderly to go to mosques close to their houses,\" he said.Some locals questioned the heavy duty bandobast for the Friday prayers and said that the police believe that the purana shaher can never be safe. \"We admit that the mosque has been the epicentre of harsh protests over the past few years. But this does not mean that the worshippers will be provoked by the smallest incidents and engage in stone-pelting and slogan-shouting every Friday.\"Manish Kumar Sinha, DCP, South Zone, maintained that the deployment of policemen in large numbers was justified due to the 'paradigm shift in policing' of the Old City. \"Because of the trust deficit between communities, it is unlikely that communal one-upmanship will be resolved in the near future. The presence of police is necessary.\"There was a drop of close to 1000 people at Mecca Masjid which normally records around 8000 devotees every Friday. Locals feel that the fact that police have randomly picked up youth in the past have now made them stay away in fear of being caught in the crossfire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12657269", "title": "NREGS-like rehab scheme for Cleanwell workers in city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The corporation is planning a project modelled on the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) to rehabilitate the Cleanwell workers in the city.Every councillor has been asked to prepare ward-level proposals to create job opportunities for the workers who were rendered jobless after the closure of the Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant.The proposal is being designed in association with the Kudumbasree mission. \"We will accommodate the workers under urban wage employment scheme which is a component of the Swarna Jayanti Shehar Rozgar Yojna (SJSRY). The scheme aims at giving job opportunities for the unemployed, poor, urban women,\" said Dr Sreekumar, corporation health officer.Earlier, Thiruvananthapuram was not included in this scheme since its population exceeded five lakh. \"The city was not entitled for SJSRY since it was meant for cities with population less than five lakh. However, we have decided to bring them under the urban wage employment scheme considering the acute nature of their crisis,\" explained Sreekumar.The corporation is expecting ward-level proposals to be tabled before the end of May. The main focus will be on cleaning the wards which includes maintenance of drainage, measures to prevent mosquito breeding and promotion of source level waste management.\"Our aim is to develop them as service providers for corporation's decentralized waste management scheme. Once they are brought under an employment scheme, they can be assured of regular payment for their work,\" said S Pushpalatha, chairperson, health standing committee.The corporation had earlier announced a special package for the rehabilitation of Cleanwell workers in the budget. It was also decided to include the workers in the installation of pipe-compost units.A BSUP (Basic services for urban poor) official said that the Kudumbasree mission and Shuchitwa mission will jointly hold training programmes for the Cleanwell workers.\"Once the pipe compost unit is installed, there will be lot of work regarding its maintenance. The cleanwell workers will be trained to take care of installed units on a long-term basis,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12658152", "title": "Government has sold dreams to people, Congress says", "text": "BHOPAL: In an apparent bid to corner the state government, Congress on Friday released an 87-page booklet on \"corruption and abuse of power\" by the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government. Congress said the book is aimed at taking such issues to the people's court.Titled Darakhti Sarkar - a sliding government - the forward of the book by MPCC president Kantilal Bhuria argued: \"The BJP government in Madhya Pradesh has completed eight years in power. During its tenure, the government has sold dreams to the people and promoted various campaigns. However, while the government totally failed to develop the state, it also lost control on corruption and tyranny.''In his forward, Bhuria justified that the Congress legislature party had raised 36 points of corruption, illegal mining and other allied charges against several ministers of the BJP government in a no-confidence motion in the state assembly on November 28. Darakhti Sarkar is a compilation of those accusations against the government.Leader of opposition Ajay Singh explained: \"We raised the corruption issue through a no-confidence motion on the floor of the house. The discussions lasted for 25 hours but we received no satisfactory answer or clarification on those allegations from the treasury benches. The chief minister replied unsatisfactorily on those serious issues. ''\"Over the past four to five months, there have been incidents connected to illegal mining every alternate day. That includes the grotesque killing of a young IPS officer, Narendra Kumar , in Morena district. Whenever the issue comes up, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan claims there is no illegal mining activity. Since the government is careless, it is the people who will decide. Our party workers will approach the grass roots and take the issue through this book to the district, tehsil, block and panchayat level.''Singh claimed that on April 9, former BJP MP Hemant Khandelwal wrote to the collector of Betul, B Chandrasekhar, informing about the indiscriminate illegal sand mining activity taking place. Singh further asserted that Khandelwal named the brother of a sitting woman cabinet minister as the kingpin behind the illegal mining mafia in Betul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656908", "title": "Two more public hospitals needed: MP", "text": "NAGPUR: City MP Vilas Muttemwar has drawn the attention of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to the inadequate public medical facilities in the city and has suggested setting up of two more government hospitals. \"There is an urgent need of at least a 200-bed hospital in east Nagpur and a similar one in west Nagpur,\" Muttemwar said, in a letter written to Chavan.The MP pointed out that the city is expanding at a fast rate. Moreover, the two existing state-run hospitals-the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) located in south and Indira Gandhi Medical College and Hospital in central part of the city are always overcrowded. They cater to medical needs of not only the 25 lakh population of the city but also large number of patients from all districts of Vidarbha and Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh and even Andhra Pradesh.After his persuasion, the then Union health minister A Ramadoss had in 2008 sanctioned Rs 125 crore for upgrading the GMCH. But Muttemwar lamented that its implementation was very slow in the last four years. Similarly, IGMCH modernization plan too failed to take off despite government clearance. The MP said, in cases of emergency, people living in east and west Nagpur lose precious time in reaching these two major hospitals. There are cases when lives have been lost because of the delay in getting medical help.Muttemwar also raised the issue of rehabilitating slum dwellers by providing them better housing facilities under various schemes. Expressing concern over increasing number of people in slums, he said this was not desirable for a city with immense potential for development in the next decade or so.\"Your assurance to people of Nagpur during the NMC election campaign that the city would be provided modern urban infrastructure of global standards has brought lot of hope,\" the MP said in the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12657419", "title": "Auto fare up, but union firm on strike", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Friday approved a Re 1 hike in the minimum fare for autos in Mumbai from April 20. It also appointed a one-man panel to suggest a new formula to calculate auto and taxi fares. However, the move failed to placate union leader Sharad Rao, who said his union would stick to its plan of going on an indefinite strike from April 16.The minimum fare for a distance of 1.6 km will now be Rs 12, instead of Rs 11. This is the second hike in six months. In October 2011, the state had not raised the minimum fare but had approved a hike of 50 paisa for every subsequent km.The MMRTA said the fare hike was due to the Rs 1.50/kg increase in CNG price and a 26-point rise in the consumer price index.Shailesh Kumar Sharma, principal secretary, transport department, said, \"The actual increase in the minimum fare as per the formula was 50 paisa. But we decided to round it off to Re 1 to prevent altercations between commuters and drivers over change.\"The trade fare committee under former secretary of the central government, P M Hakim, will formulate a new and separate policy for taxi and auto trade. Transport commissioner V N More said, \"The committee has been asked to submit its recommendations within three months after holding discussions with representatives of trade unions, commuter organizations, etc.\"An angry Rao told TOI, \"We not only reject the fare hike offered but also the appointment of P M Hakim.\" He said the government had announced the decisions without taking inputs from the Action Committee of Autorickshaw Drivers and Owners, a representative body of auto unions across Maharashtra. \"Hakim is not acceptable to us because we consider him anti-poor who does not understand the auto trade.\"A L Quadros, general secretary, Mumbai Taximen's Union, said, \"We welcome Hakim's appointment as he did a marvellous job when he was entrusted with a similar task 15 years ago.\"New fareThe government has approved the MMMRA's decision to increase the minimum auto fare by Re 1. The minimum fare will now be Rs 12 instead of Rs 11. Officials said the hike had been decided as per the existing Hakim committee formula. The actual hike as per the formula is 44 paise (rounded to 50 paise), but in order to avoid inconvenience due to shortage of coins, the increase has been rounded off to Re 1. The new fare will come into effect on April 20* The state has appointed a one-man committee of former secretary P M Hakim prepare a new and separate fare formula for taxi and auto tradePast Hikes* March 18, 2012 | Basic taxi fare increased to Rs 17 from Rs 16, with a 50 paise for every subsequent km* Oct 8, 2011 | A hike of 50 paisa is approved for every additional km after the initial 1.6 km for autos", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12658863", "title": "India's fish, foodgrain production scene bright", "text": "MANGALORE: The Indian Council for Agricultural Research (ICAR) is upbeat about fish and foodgrain production during the 12th Five Year Plan (FYP) period. While the current fish production - marine and inland is about 12 million tonnes and foodgrain production touched 250 million tonnes in last fiscal, ICAR's projection for fish production in 2017, when 12th FYP ends is 15-16 million tonnes. Foodgrain production target of the nation in 2020 is 280 million tonnes.Attributing the positive projection in fisheries production to resilient fishing practices, S Ayyappan, secretary of the department of agricultural research and education (DARE) and director general of ICAR, said India is poised to reach foodgrain production target slated for 2020.The country in 2010-11 had produced 245 million tonnes of foodgrain and this has gone up by 5 million tonnes in last fiscal.Inaugurating a laboratory-cum-office building of Mangalore research centre of Central Marine Fisheries Research Institute here on Friday, Ayyappan said Karnataka with 1.7-3.6 lakh tonnes, accounts for nearly 10% of the total fish production in India. \"The challenge now is to ensure that Indian fishermen earn more for their catch. Through National Agriculture Improvement Project, tuna sold here for Rs 40 per kg was sold for $15 in Japan,\" he said.On the agricultural front, Ayyappan said, \"The future is exciting for farmers with ICAR striving to make agriculture rewarding for practitioners involved. The Krishi Vigyan Kendras through demonstrations on best agricultural practices has been able to make a marked contribution in increasing the production of pulses. Research is also focused on making agricultural implements more women-friendly acknowledging their primacy in such operations.\"Agricultural universities across India will now be able to take on board progressive farmers as teaching faculty. \"A traditional Indian farmer has nearly 40-50 skill sets with him. They can be equally good teachers on par with teaching faculty in agricultural varsities. With inputs in business skills and packaging skills, these farmers can become effective teaching models,\" he said.The other thrust area for 12th FYP is student-ready scheme. Under this, students of around 11 branches of agriculture will be given training in skills, knowledge, attitude, innovation and confidence. \"The thrust of this scheme is to give hands on experience on working in rural areas,\" he said adding ICAR has come up with more than 300 experiential learning models for agri-graduates. Agricultural-incubators too would be part of this scheme, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12658051", "title": "Change in Bus Rapid Transit System routes on Satara Road", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will start construction work of a flyover on Pune-Satara road. Hence, all Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) buses would ply on side lanes. Also, the area under construction has been declared as no parking zone and bus stops have been shifted.In a press statement issued on Friday, the PMC project department has stated that the PMC has planned a flyover on Pune-Satara road from Chavannagar to Bharati Vidyapeeth. The project worth Rs 47.27 crore would be completed within 30 months. The flyover is designed to have approach roads on both sides and four lanes on bridge.\"The construction work will be completed in two phases - Chavannagar to Ahilyadevi chowk and from Ahilyadevi chowk to Bharati Vidyapeeth,\" states the PMC press statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12658221", "title": "Suspect\u2019s cop relative shifted to \u2018side\u2019 dept", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the fiasco over Vijay Palande's brief escape from police custody, sub-inspector Sanjay Shinde, who happens to be a relative of the Arunkumar Tikku's murder accused, has been transferred to the \"relatively less prominent\" administration branch. Shinde was among those escorting Palande from the city police headquarters at Crawford Market to crime branch's unit 8 at Telli Gully in Andheri (E).A departmental inquiry is still on and the police are trying to ascertain if Shinde played any role in Palande's escape from the police custody. \"Shinde is Palande's close relative and there are reports that he might have helped Palande flee. We have transferred Shinde to a side branch,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime). The police said they took the step as keeping Shinde in the same department could have jeopardized the probe as the sub-inspector could have tried to \"influence\" his colleagues.After investigating so far, the Oshiwara police have, for now, given a clean chit to the deceased's son, Anuj Tikku, but they are still questioning him. The police think Anuj might not have been part of the murder plot as they have found that Palande, while whisking him away to Chiplun, had given him a sedative that put him to sleep till the two reached their destination.After assigning his aides, Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh, the task of killing Arunkumar, Palande reportedly asked Anuj to accompany him to a casino in Goa. On the way, he reportedly gave Anuj a spiked drink, even as he drove from Oshiwara to Worli and then to Malabar Hill, before reaching Chiplun. Anuj slept through the night and woke up only the next morning in a Chiplun farm house, said the police, adding that while he was sleeping, he could have hardly known about his father's murder. All the while, Palande reportedly stayed in touch with Shinde over phone. \"After Shinde called up Palande to tell him that the job (killing) was done, they decided to meet at a toll naka at Khalapur. Palande reached the spot an hour before Shinde, and from there, they drove to Chiplun. Meanwhile, Anuj slept in the car,\" said the officer.Next day, when Anuj woke up, Palande was nowhere to be seen, but Shinde was around. \"What is surprising is that he never questioned why he was in Chiplun instead of Goa. He did not even ask about Palande's whereabouts,\" the officer said. \"He trusted Palande so much that he could never imagine that his 'dear KK' would bump off his father.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657052", "title": "Jamia maid: Two accused still missing", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a shocking re-run of investigations into the Dwarka maid abuse case, police are still clueless about the whereabouts of the wife and daughter of the UAE businessman, accused of torturing a teenaged maid in their Jamia Nagar home.The businessman's son has been arrested on charges of rape and sent to 14 days judicial custody. But his mother Juhi and sister Farheen are on the run.Police have put their phone numbers have been put under surveillance and unsuccessfully raided several places to nab them. \"We have questioned several persons, including relatives but have not been able to ascertain their hideout. They will be arrested soon,\" said a senior police officer. Sources said police have also informed the businessman and were probing if he was aware of the maid being hired or abused. He is presently in Saudi Arabia.The girl said in her statement that her parents had separated when she was still a child. She began to live with her maternal grandmother who brought her to the capital three years ago. She was 11 then. She was handed over to a businessman who lived in Batla House. The girl alleged she was tortured, raped and made to work throughout the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "rajkot/palanpur", "code": "12658072", "title": "Unseasonal rains lash Rajkot, north Gujarat", "text": "RAJKOT/PALANPUR: Unseasonal rains lashed parts of Rajkot city on Friday afternoon, bringing much relief to people from the sweltering heat and who also happen to experience three seasons - winter, summer and monsoon - all in a span of 48 hours.There was a sudden change in the weather in the afternoon and rains began to pour in parts of the city. Interestingly, Rajkot city recorded 40 degrees Celsius temperature on Friday amid the unseasonal rainfall.India Meteorological Department ( IMD) officials said there was a fall in day temperature in some parts of Saurashtra and Kutch. They said 40 degrees Celsius was the highest maximum temperature in the region recorded in Rajkot and Surendranagar. Coastal parts of Saurashtra recorded a moderate temperature. Okha recorded 31, Porbandar 31, Veraval 31 and Mahuva 35 degrees Celsius on Friday.Meanwhile, light drizzle also occurred in Banaskantha and Patan districts on Friday. The skyline remained overcast in many parts of the region since 3 pm. Deodar mamlatdar D K Gidwani said the rain was accompanied by high speed wind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12664020", "title": "Rani has not said yes to Begum Sumro", "text": "Although speculations were being made that Rani Mukerji was to start as a nautch girl Begum Samro in Tigmanshu Dhulia's film on the famed dancer from Uttar Pradesh. But Dhulia denies any such thing and says although he's not aware Rani giving any confirmation or denial, Rani herself has not agreed to do the film yet.\"I have indeed approached Rani. I don't know (that she has said yes). I came to know through the papers. Rani has not called me, and neither said yes for the film,\" said Dhulia.\"I had approached Rani before Paan Singh Tomar ,\" he further added.Begum Sumro will be Dhulia's second bio-pic after Paan Singh Tomar , which narrated the story of the athlete-turned-army man-turned-dacoit. But the film on Begum Samru was written much earlier, he said, and added: \"It's an old story. I had written this script four to five years back.\"Dhulia is certain that he will make the film on Begum Samru, but says he is making a few changes in his script. \"I have finished the script. But since I had written the script long back, I am making changes in it now to gel in with the current trends,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657364", "title": "Small players make it big through e-commerce", "text": "LUCKNOW: Talking of e-commerce experts, there are many who took the step ahead well before time and are enjoying the benefits of being the first movers. Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) are building a professional online presence by registering to B2B portals and are tasting success as the amount of queries generated has been growing. According to a study by Google, there are around 30-35 million SMEs in India, out of which about 8 million have the potential to do online business.Aligarh based Mayank Goyal runs Masterpiece Jewellery who exploited the e-commerce platform way back in 2006 by joining Alibaba.com and developed the first-mover advantage. Dealing in silver, gold and gemstones, Goyal exports them to countries like US and UK and unconventional markets like Spain and Italy, all thanks to e-commerce. Goyal's business turnover is more than Rs 6 crore now and has been increasing by around 50-150% every year. The average transaction sizes anywhere between Rs 2-3 lakh.Talking to TOI, Goyal says , \" E -commercee has changed the way we do business now-a-days. Joining Alibaba was a fruitful experience for me as I was exposed to foreign clients. Being from a comparatively backward place like Aligarh was not a big problem as e-commerce platform helped me to meet the requirements of the clients\".Goyal feels that apart from the initial hardships, being from a small town hasn't been a bane for his business. \"I had to take 4-5 internet connections back then just as a back-up. Payment methods were not very efficient and delivery through courier was costly. But, being at a common platform (internet), talking to clients and clearing their apprehensions was easier,\" recalls Goyal.Like Goyal, Varun Agarwal explored e-commerce options for his 3 decade old family business dealing in handicraft and gift items, home and garden decor. By 2002, Agarwal felt the need to move beyond trade fairs, exhibitions and direct meetings for tapping clients and opted for an easy solution.Exploring the internet, Agarwal came across Alibaba.com and opted for its free membership. \"In the beginning I was looking out for options that can reduce my travel and presentation costs. Chasing prospective clients was not feasible and then I explored the internet. E-commerce has been doing good overseas and that gave me an opportunity,\" says Varun Agarwal of Exotic India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657468", "title": "Umar Ali files nomination for legislative council poll", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav assured of a better representation to the Muslims, Umar Ali Khan, son-in-law of Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid filed his nomination for the Uttar Pradesh legislative council. He now becomes the eighth candidate of the ruling Samajwadi Party in the council polls. Accompanied by senior party leaders and cabinet ministers -Ambika Chowdhury (Revenue) and Ahmad Hasan (medical and health), Khan on Friday filed his nomination papers at the Central hall of Vidhan Bhawan.Refusing to comment on the recent worldly duel between Syed Bukhari and senior SP leader and urban development minister Azam Khan, he said \" Everything has been sorted out and there are no differences in the party.\" Bukhari had met Mulayam Singh Yadav at his residence in presence of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday, where he was assured of better representation to Muslims in the ministry. Yadav, according to sources, had also agreed to give legislative council ticket to a Muslim candidate on the seat left vacant after Mayawati's resignation. TNN == Backward Muslims meet MSY, seek shareLucknow: A day after Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav bought peace by agreeing to the demands of Maulana Ahmed Bukhari, leaders of the Pasmanda (backward class) Muslims made a beeline at the SP headquarters in Lucknow demanding a seat either in the Rajya Sabha or the state council.Most of the senior Muslim leaders in SP believed that this is just the beginning. More and more Muslim outfits are likely to follow suit in the days to come. \"It is very obvious. If Bukhari can get what he wants, then why not the Pasmanda Muslims, Shia Muslims, Muslim women ... the list is endless,\" is the common refrain of the Muslim leaders in SP.After their brief interaction with the SP chief, Anis Mansoori, the president of the Pasmanda Muslim Samaj told the media that the delegation has drawn the attention of the SP chief towards the plight of the Pasmanda (marginalised) Muslims who comprise 85% of the total community in India. \"We have demanded representation in the Rajya Sabha or the state legislative council. We don't have any minister from our (Pasmanda) community,\" Anis Mansoori, said. Mulayam Singh ji had assured Shahi Imam on Thursday that one more seat will be given to a Muslim candidate in council, he should be aPasmanda Muslim, Mansoori said.The electoral importance of Pasmanda Muslims can be gauged from the fact that the Union law minister Salman Khurshid, in order to impress this section of the Muslims, did not mind picking up cudgels against the Election Commission, while he was campaigning for his wife Louise Khurshid, Congress candidate from Farrukhabad assembly constituency.Though caste concept does not find a mention in the original Islamic scriptures, a selfdefined caste system within the community has existed for ages particularly in the Indian sub continent. Muslim scholars attributed this caste system to social system prevailing in the sub-continent. It was barely a decade ago when some \"lower caste\" Muslims from Bihar coined the phrase \"Pasmanda Muslims\" seeking a political identity for social progress.Pasmanda Muslims include Ansaris, Kanjars, Dhobi and Halalkhor and other similar castes, which are primarily based on the main occupation of the particular sect of the community. As per the Pasmanda classification, only a handful of Muslim castes like Syed, Sheikh, Pathan, Mirza, Kalal and Mallik form the \"upper caste\" category of the present day Muslims in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12657109", "title": "PWD floats firm to develop infrastructure", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has constituted Road Infrastructure Company Kerala Ltd to implement Rs 5,100 crore State Road Improvement Projects. PWD minister V K Ebrahimkunju said on Thursday, the roads for the project have already been selected.The project envisages upgradation of Rs 1,286 crore state highways and district roads to international standards. The government has arrived at an understanding with the World Bank on a Rs 2,942 crore project for the maintenance and reconstruction of the roads. Under this, bridges and roads (367 km) will be upgraded. Maintenance of roads (around 1,000 km) will also be undertaken.He added that the PWD department topped the list prepared by the planning board on executing the projects. PWD will prepare an assets registry of the department. \"The physical version of the registry will be complete in three months. Then, it will be transformed into electronic format,'' said P H Kurien, principal secretary, PWD.Land acquisition for the second phase of Seaport-Airport road has been started. The PWD manual has been modified after 40 years of its introduction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12657744", "title": "Expo on vultures highlights illegal use of banned drug", "text": "COIMBATORE: The 'Kaluguparvai 2012' exhibition was held in Bannari recently to highlight the importance of saving vultures as they feed on dead animals and act as scavengers of forests. Because of the widespread usage of Diclofenac, a drug used as painkiller , and shortage of dead animals in the city and fringes of forest, vultures are confined to a certain pocket of Sigur plateau.It seems vultures in the region had survived the Diclofenac impact by feeding on carcasses present in the wild. Arulagam, a not-for-profit organization, along with Care Earth is working in Sigur plateau towards the conservation of viable population of vultures.As part of the effort, an exhibition is being put up at a forest check post near Bannari Amman temple in Sathyamangalam wildlife sanctuary for the people owing to 'Kundam' festival. The stall includes a size model of vulture sitting on a tree and various posters depicting their importance in the eco-system and noose lingering over its head.\"Diclofenac is a painkiller. It is given to both humans and cattle. But it is given in small doses to humans. Cattle get large doses and when they die and are eaten by vultures, it kills them. The drug has been banned since 2008, but is widely available in pharmacies across Tamil Nadu ,\" said Arulagam secretary Bharatidasan.The stall was opened by Dr Jegan Mohan, veterinary doctor, Government Hospital, Irumboray in the presence of Sadasivam, forest range officer, Bhavanisagar. Bharatidasan and his team arranged the function.People visiting the stall were pleasantly surprised with the vulture replica as they're extinct from villages and cities. The exhibition will be put up until April 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12658163", "title": "Illegal mining: Panel hears only one in public hearing", "text": "RANCHI: In a state where once a government led by chief minister Madhu Koda fell after he faced charges of being involved in a mining scam and later went to jail and legislators disrupted proceedings in the assembly twice demanding action against companies and individuals involved in illegal mining, the turnout at a public hearing before the Shah Commission headed by Justice M B Shah was dismal.The commission, which is probing illegal iron ore and manganese mining in the country, is in the state to have a reality check through public hearing in Ranchi and Chaibasa. \"The poor turnout at the public hearing suggests that people here feel that no illegal iron ore mining is going on,\" said Justice Shah after only one person turned up at the public hearing here on Friday.At present, Koda is in jail and facing trial in at least five cases related to illegal mining and disproportionate assets generated allegedly by recommending iron ore mines to private companies. Koda and his associates have apparently amassed property worth over Rs 4,000 crore by favouring illegal mining.Two sessions of the assembly - winter and budget - were disrupted over questions of illegal mining in the state. Condition of the highways is such that at most places in West Singhbhum, potholes have turned into craters but none of the MLAs who disrupted the assembly proceedings turned out for the hearing.The only one who had come for the public hearing was social activist Vijay Shankar Nayak who raised question over mining by two private companies in Ghatkuri mines of West Singhbhum district. \"I am happy that someone heard my complaint and even passed order to the Jharkhand State Pollution Control Board to take action against the private companies,\" said Shankar, who got ample time to explain this point before the commission and substantiate with the letters and official documents related to over mining.Additional chief secretary and mining department in-charge A K Sarkar defended the state before the commission on poor turnout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12656542", "title": "Driver thrashed, Tata Sumo stolen", "text": "GURGAON: Unidentified persons allegedly beat up the driver of a Tata Sumo car in Gurgaon before forcing him out of the car and fleeing with it. The incident took place late on Thursday night at the Sadar police station area.The assailants also stole the mobile phones of the driver. Police have lodged an FIR against the unknown robbers and are investigating the case.According to the police, Pankaj, a resident of Khandsa village lodged a complaint with the police regarding the theft of the Tata Sumo car. In his complaint, Pankaj told the police that he was employed by a private firm to pick up and drop off the company staff in his Tata Sumo car.On Thursday night, he was waiting for the company employees before the office when three unknown youths approached his car and entered it forcefully. They allegedly thrashed Pankaj, snatched his two mobile phones and pushed him out of the Sumo and fled from the spot.The victim approached the Sadar police station late at night and lodged a complaint. Police have filed an FIR against three unknown youth and are looking into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12658134", "title": "Exhibition on nuclear energy inaugurated", "text": "SINDRI: Dhanbad DC Sunil Kumar Barnwal said some activists were creating misconceptions on the use of nuclear energy and slowing the growth of nuclear power industry. He also added that there was no alternative to nuclear energy as conventional sources of energy could not fulfil the huge energy requirement of the nation.Inaugurating the four-day exhibition on Bhabha Atomic Research Centre's (BARC) technologies for dissemination of information on applications of nuclear energy at BIT here on Friday, the DC said nuclear power was the most efficient and safest source of energy. BARC, in fact, developed the first atomic reactor of Asia before Japan and China could do the same.Stressing on the need for propagation of different applications of nuclear science, the DC said the manner in which it was being used in the field of agriculture, heath and food preservation, days were not far off when people would understand its importance and stop resisting nuclear power plants. He also praised the efforts of BARC authorities for selecting the far-off place for organizing exhibition on nuclear energy and said it would help engineering as well school children to understand the technology better.BARC director S K Ghosh and associate director Arun Kumar highlighted the different uses of nuclear science and energy and said the exhibition as well as the national seminar was organized to clarify certain misgivings about nuclear science and energy among the common people. Academicians and other professionals could contribute a lot towards that end, they added.Welcoming the guests, institute director S K Singh said disposal of nuclear waste was still a challenge and needed to be addressed by scientists. Besides, the cost of setting up nuclear power plants was still very high and threats of radiation leakage remained even after closure of the plants. Singh added that radiation leakage incidents in Japan and Russia created fear in the society and needed effective solution. Convener R K Srivastava, Dhanbad DEO P Tirkey and G Kumar also participated in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12663949", "title": "Mahek under house arrest due to high fever", "text": "Since out of Bigg Boss house, Mahek Chahal has been on one roller-coaster ride, being inundated with shows, shoots, etc.She has been living from a bag and recently flew to four different cities of India in five days for a song shoot &amp; two other events and in between the travelling also rehearsed for the shows, etc.This pressure of working round the clock and a punishing work schedule has taken a toll on Mahek's health &amp; she has been under house arrest due to high fever &amp; body pains.Mahek has been asked by doctors to take a few days off but the way her work schedule is filling up and the workoholic that she is, we don't think her fever will be able to hold her back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "12658702", "title": "Rousing reception for Rourkela dance show star", "text": "ROURKELA: Rajasmita Kar, a Rourkela girl who has stormed into the final round of a popular reality show aired on a national channel, was given a rousing reception here in the Steel City on Thursday.Individuals and various organizations wished the local girl so that she could maintain her good show in the final rounds, and come out as the winner.A group of technical staff of the private channel that airs the show and the producer of the programme accompanied Rajasmita to the city for shooting at her house, school and other locations.Rajasmita, daughter of Ramesh Kar, a resident of Basanti Colony of Rourkela, had a liking for dance from her childhood. She is a student of Plus II arts at a local college. Without taking any assistance from any teacher, Rajasmita had won several prizes in local competitions right from her childhood. Later, Rajasmita started taking dance lessons from a local teacher, Aman Nayak.At the national-level reality show, she has performed to her best abilities and improved in every round. Judges, including Mithun Chakraborty , were enthralled by her moves.The news of Rajasmita arriving in the city on Wednesday night spread rapidly and locals assembled at the Rourkela station to welcome her. Residents of Basanti Colony, led by councilor Asesh Mohanty took out a procession in the Steel City asking people to vote for her.Rajasmita, who is already a star in the city, said, \"I know that my best is yet to come and I have to do well in two more rounds to go to the final round of the competition,\" Rajasmita said.\"I am overwhelmed with the support I have received from people of my city and state, but at the moment I am only focusing on my performance in the upcoming rounds,\" she said. \"Since voting is crucial for the final outcome, I sincerely request everyone from my city and state to vote for me so that I can make my state proud,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12658919", "title": "Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh declines to move bail for activists", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Adding a new twist to the Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka abduction case, the Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS), believed to be a Maoist-backed outfit, has rejected the Odisha government's proposal to move bail petitions in courts to free its incarcerated activists, the tribal organisation's co-advisor Dandapani Mohanty said here on Thursday.Mohanty, one of the two interlocutors in the Italian hostage case, said CMAS president Nachika Linga had contacted and told him that the organization would not seek release of its activists by moving bail applications in courts. \"Instead Nachika wants the government to withdraw the cases against those CMAS activists whom it has committed to release,\" Mohanty said.The CMAS stand is likely to complicate matters for the government, which is at its wits' end to get back the ruling party legislator. On April 5, the government had said it would free 23 persons (15 CMAS activists and eight Maoists) for Hikaka's freedom. For freeing Italian Bosusco Paolo from Maoist clutches, the government announced it would release four prisoners, including two CMAS activists, Suka Nachika (who is relative of Nachika Linga) and Chakra Tadingi.Subsequently, the CPI (Maoist) Andhra-Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC), which has held Hikaka captive, had asked the abducted legislator's wife Kaushalya to reach Balipeta village in Narayanpatna block of Koraput district on April 10 along with 30 prisoners they want released so that they would hand over Hikaka. Apart from 25 prisoners the government has agreed to release, the abductors want freedom for five others, including top rebel Chenda Bhusanam alias Ghasi and CMAS advisor Gananath Patra.Rejecting the Maoists' demand, the state government on April 9 said it cannot allow prisoners to walk out of jail without going through the judicial process to secure the Hikaka' release. Maoists are, however, sticking to their stand, even as the government is yet to make up its mind on letting go five more prisoners as demanded by the radicals. On Thursday, a court acquitted Patra in a case; he has been acquitted in four cases while two more are pending against him.Mohanty, who played a key role in Italian Bosusco Paolo's safe release with the Maoist group headed by Sabyasachi Panda handing over the foreigner to him, said he had no idea when Hikaka's kidnappers would free the lawmaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12656442", "title": "Chattisgarh town's 'Titanic' connection", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nestled in remote area of Chhatisgarh, Janjgir-Champa is a town hardly anyone would believe to have sent a passenger for the luxury liner 'Titanic'.Janjgir-Champa indeed sent a passenger, a missionary Annie Clemmer Funk, who had made this town her home. She was among the 1,500 souls who perished on board Titanic on April 15, 1912. Annie was on her way to visit her ailing mother in America.Annie arrived in India as a Mennonite missionary in 1906 from America and served in Janjgir-Champa on her mission. In 1908, she opened a one-room school and hostel for poor girls and taught 17 students initially. She also learnt Hindi during her India stay. The school was later renamed as Annie C Funk Memorial School.Not much is left of Annie's school with only outer walls surviving the wreckage of time but her story is a legend in Janjgir-Champa. All that is left of Annie's time here is a small plaque that describes her brief but extraordinary life and her tragic death on board the liner.According to Sarojini Singh, the principal of Saint Thomas school here, the memorial school was running till 1960 but was closed soon after. The story of Annie is equally heartbreaking as that of the liner. From Janjgir-Champa, Annie reached Mumbai via rail and boarded a ship for England. She was to take 'SS Haverford' from Southampton for America but the ship was laid off because of a strike by coal labourers.She was offered to change her ticket for Titanic for 13 pounds. Annie bought a second class ticket, whose number was 237671. She also celebrated her 38th birthday on the ship with her co-passengers, according to Gameo.org, an online encyclopedia on Global Anabaptist Mennonite.On the fateful night of April 14, Titanic hit the iceberg and Annie was alerted in her cabin. She soon reached the deck where passengers were being put into lifeboats. Annie was offered a seat in a rescue boat when she saw a woman with a child. As there was only one seat left, the missionary decided to offer it to the mother, thus saving two lives.Annie is being remembered in the US on the 100th anniversary of the sinking of Titanic. A documentary titled 'Remembering Annie Funk' is scheduled to be screened in her homestate, Pennsylvania, according to Mennonite Heritage Centre website.British family history website Ancestry.co.uk too mentions Annie's name in the list of 1,500-odd passengers who died when Titanic, hailed as the unsinkable ship and on its maiden journey , hit the bottom of Atlantic after running into an iceberg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12656906", "title": "PM, Sonia gone, VIPs follows suit", "text": "PANCHKULA: Minutes after PM Manmohan Singh and national advisory council chairperson Sonia Gandhi fretted over disappearing art forms and challenges to art and culture and other means of entertainment taking over public attention, an elite gathering at the silver jubilee celebrations of zonal cultural centres proved their fears right.When the VVIPs walked out in the middle of a performance, after spending barely an hour at the venue, a large number of audience - local politicians, including MLAs and municipal councilors, local and state officials - occupying the front rows of VVIP galleries followed suit.\"It's a shame,\" claimed educationist and former councilor Lily Bawa, who was among the few VIPS who continued watching the performance. \"My constituency is in a far off area and we are already late. My husband is also unwell. I'll come with children tomorrow to watch the performance,\" a woman politician explained apologetically, when asked why she was leaving in the middle of a performance.Two women cops used the vacated seats to relax. \" It appears that the politicians had come to only show their face to Sonia Gandhi and the PM. Who bothers about culture,\" one of them sniggered. Rhythm Chhabra, a resident of Sector 21, was among those who walked out after the PM's departure. \"I had come to see the PM,\" the relative of a local politician exclaimed. Shivani, a student of class VI, too came \"to see both Sonia Gandhi and the PM in person\".Ten minutes after the VVIPs left, the front rows were occupied again as people moved forward to enjoy the grand spectacle, put together by folk artists at the impressive stage of Parade Grounds in Sector 5.A retired IAS officer , who was said to be a close relative of Union minister Kumari Selja's relative, was seen shouting at cops at the VVIP gate when refused entry. He was seen escorting several of his relatives from the gate. Former Chandigarh mayor Harjinder Kaur also had to make a few phonecalls before she was allowed in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12657208", "title": "Software glitches delay corporation schemes", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation might find it hard to realize its schemes with its accounting software going out of order. The corporation hasn't recorded a single balance sheet regarding the income and expenditure for the last one year and the ruling council blames it on sankhya, the accounting software developed by Information and Kerala mission (IKM).Sankhya was made mandatory for all local self government bodies in April 2011 and ever since the officials of various departments have been racking their brains to tally the figures. The corporation website which has displayed all the balance sheets till 2011 has not been updated them after the new software was installed.\"We are unable to record the income and expenditure on computers. It never tallies and as a result we leave it there and store it on paper,\" said a corporation official. The projects that were announced in the budget are also likely to suffer.\"You cannot go on with a project unless you have a clear data of income and expenditure. Even the amount allotted for each project cannot be calculated using this software,\" said an official.A councillor of the opposition pointed out that the corporation had not presented the monthly statement of accounts due to this malfunction. \"It is a violation of Kerala municipality act. The law says that the corporation should present the detailed statement of previous month before 20th of the current month. So far this council hasn't presented a single statement of account,\" said the councillor.During the budget presentation, the council had witnessed uproar after it was pointed out that the closing balance of April, 2011 did not match with the opening balance of May, 2011. \"Both the balances have to be the same. However there was a disparity of Rs 1,68,000. The ruling council hasn't rectified the error yet,\" said a councillor.Meanwhile, deputy mayor Happy Kumar said that steps had been taken to ensure that accounts were properly recorded. \"This is not just the case of Thiruvananathapuram corporation. IKM officials have assured us that everything will be put in order soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12656884", "title": "Master plan freeze puts Ganga water project in limbo", "text": "NOIDA: Uncertainty over approval of Master Plan 2021 of Greater Noida Authority has had its collateral impacts beyond housing projects in Noida Extension. The much-awaited Ganga Water Project of the Authority, which would have brought immediate relief to around 3 lakh residents of the city in terms of improved water quality, now hangs in limbo. A loan of Rs 300 crore made by the Authority to the NCR Planning Board, to carry out necessary civil works for the project, is pending approval because the Master Plan is yet to be passed. This has delayed the project, the initial completion date of which was scheduled to be in 2013.At present, residents of Greater Noida are supplied groundwater pumped and cleaned by the Authority. This water is difficult to use because of the hardness of its quality. The Ganga Water Project, which has been devised in line with a similar project in Noida to reduce hardness of water, is expected to supply groundwater blended with water from the Ganges to over 3 lakh residents of Greater Noida in the first phase. In the subsequent phase, it would supply water to over 12 lakh residents, which is the projected population of the city as per Master Plan 2021.\"For carrying out necessary civil works, we had applied to the NCR Planning Board for a loan of Rs 300 crore. However, this application is still pending with them. As the Master Plan is yet to be approved, the water project is itself in limbo and would now be pushed beyond its deadline of 2013,\" said a Greater Noida Authority official.The loan amount would be utilized to set up numerous underground reservoirs in the city as well as for laying of water distribution pipelines for the project, which is being set up with consultancy of the Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Limited. The main reservoir, having a capacity of 180 million litres per day, is to be set up near Jaitpur village.\"Work has been delayed in floating tenders for setting up reservoirs, laying distribution pipelines and for the main conduit through which Ganga water would be brought from Masuri-Dasna in Ghaziabad,\" said the official. \"All works on the project are now subject to the approval of the Master Plan,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656608", "title": "Cops stop immolation attempt", "text": "CHENNAI: A man attempted self-immolation near the police commissionerate here on Friday because the police allegedly did not take any action on his complaint.Rajamani, a 38-year-old of Korukkupet, poured kerosene on himself around 7.30pm, but police officers stopped him. He was later taken to the Egmore police station and investigation is on.Police said Rajamani attended a funeral on Friday where there was a clash between two groups. He lodged a complaint with the police, but was upset as nothing was done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12662136", "title": "Censor board troubles Life Ki Toh Lag Gayi", "text": "The release of K Sera Sera Productions upcoming film Life Ki Toh Lag Gayi has been pushed ahead by a week. The Ranvir Shorey, Kay Kay, Menon, Pradhyuman Singh starer, which was to release on 20th April 2012, will now hit the screens on 27th April 2012.The quirky comedy has run into a trouble with the Censor Board. The Board has objections from certain dialogues in the film and has asked the makers to re-dub it in a different version for the audience. The makers of the film have no option but to oblige with the decision of the censors. So get ready for the zany comedy Life Ki Toh Lag Gayi , which is set to release on 27th April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12657250", "title": "Pulse polio drive in district from tomorrow", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The second phase of the pulse polio immunization programme in the district will begin on April 15.District medical officer Dr T Peethambaran said at a press meet here that around 25,000 children below the age of five have been identified to be administered polio vaccine.\"Even though no case of polio has been reported in Kerala since 2000, the inflow of migrants from other states has put our state at risk of contracting polio,\" said the DMO. \"So it is crucial to execute such immunization programmes,\" he added. For the second phase there will be around 2,004 vaccination booths and 4,008 trained vaccinators in the government hospitals, primary health care centers, child health care centers, private hospitals and anganwadis. House to house activity would be carried out on April 16 and 17 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661302", "title": "How Faisal got his actors in shape", "text": "Habib Faisal spills the beans on how he whipped the two newcomers into shape for his film IshaqzaadeEven as the release of his directorial Ishaqzaade has been re-scheduled to May 11, rumour is still rife that Habib Faisal is in the reckoning for directing the third chapter of the Munnabhai series. Quips Faisal, \"I have an idea but Vidhu will take the final call,\" quickly changing the topic to, \"Can we rather talk about Ishaqzaade for now?\" In a tete-a-tete with Mirror, the director admits it hasn't been easy getting either Arjun Kapoor or Parineeti Chopra into the skin of their respective characters for the film. Faisal has had to sweat it out, especially after winning a National Award for his last film Do Dooni Chaar, which he reveals he had initially offered to Aditya Chopra who was at the time busy with Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi.For Ishaqzaade, Faisal sent Priyanka's cousin Parineeti straight to the gym (the same one he attends) with strict instructions to get her into ship shape. \"Parineeti even took to swimming classes. She badly wanted this role. I had to make her lose weight and how!\" he grins. She has lost nearly ten kgs, isn't it, we ask. \"I don't know how much,\" he shoots back.What about Arjun? Says Faisal, \"I took quite some time before saying 'yes' to Arjun. I didn't want someone hefty. He had to undertake workshops with not just me but also theatre actors. And then he had to spend three days in Lucknow with a local driver, Aneesh Yadav. His character in the film needs that kind of body language.\"So is the lead couple now ready to take on their contemporaries? \"The next thing you'll ask me is if I am running a race with Imtiaz Ali &amp; Co.,\" he laughs, adding, \"On a serious note, both of them are such hardworking youngsters, they would succeed in any profession. I am extremely satisfied with the way Parineeti and Arjun have gone all out and sunk their teeth into their characters. But I haven't reached a point yet where I can analyse their position in the industry.\"Our meeting would be incomplete without a mention of the sad demise of Arjun's mother Mona Kapoor last month. Taking a deep breath, Faisal says, \"I am sure she is blessing her son from heaven. I cannot forget the day she came on the sets with her daughter Anshula. Even though she was unwell at the time, she made it a point to come and watch her son. And what a beaming smile she wore on her face!\"Faisal is full of praise for Arjun. \"His father Boney was pleasantly surprised with the trailer. He was probably expecting something like Do Dooni Chaar. May I add Arjun is such a well-mannered boy, so respectful toward elders and women. Importantly, the respect emanates not from fear but from Mona's superb upbringing,\" he says.It will be interesting to see if Faisal, who has a three-film deal with Yash Raj Films, will start his next venture with YRF or Vidhu. All he says is, \"It's not as if the deal does not allow me any space. Let me tell you I will go back to writing before I direct another film. That's always been the case with me. I like it that way because it's therapeutic for me. I shall continue writing for films I don't direct.\" Incidentally, Faisal happens to have penned the scripts of Jhoom Barabar Jhoom, Ta Ra Rum Pum, Band Baaja Baraat and Ladies Vs Ricky Behl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12657169", "title": "Worker dies in factory blast", "text": "A 30-year-old woman was killed in a blast at a factory at Uppal on Friday afternoon. Soon after the mishap, the department of labour slapped notices on Shobha Enterprises, the chemical unit located at Lakshminarayana Nagar Colony, Uppal IDA, asking it to pay an amount of Rs 5.77 lakh as compensation to the victim. According to assistant commissioner of labour(ACL), D Shyam Sunder Reddy, K Shantamma, who was working as a helper in the factory unit, died while cleaning a chemical tank. The unit makes chemicals for polishing granite stones.In case the owner fails to pay the compensation, action would be taken against him under the Revenue Recovery Act, the official added .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12658866", "title": "Cosmetics use linked to diabetes?", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have warned that chemicals in plastics, cosmetics and toys can raise a person's risk of developing diabetes, though independent experts are not fully convinced.A team at Sweden's Uppsala University has found that people with \"modest\" levels of the chemicals - called phthalates - in their blood are twice as likely to develop diabetes, 'The Daily Telegraph' said.The chemicals called phthalates are used in products such as clingfilm as it can be a softening agent in plastics but they can be used in cosmetics such as self tans and perfumes.The researchers have based their findings, published in the 'Diabetes Care' journal, on an analysis of data from 1,000 people aged over 70, of which 114 developed diabetes.After taking into account factors that are known to cause type 2 diabetes , including obesity, smoking, high cholesterol, they found people with higher levels of phthalates in their blood were more likely to develop diabetes.Monica Lind, who led the study, said: \"Although our results need to be confirmed, they do support the hypothesis that certain chemicals can contribute to the development of diabetes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657526", "title": "Govt withdraws cases against Tappal farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Friday issued orders to withdraw criminal cases lodged against farmers of Tappal block in Aligarh. The cases were lodged against the farmers following a violent clash with the police during an agitation in which five persons including a provincial armed constabulary personnel died on August 14, 2010. The decision was taken after an inquiry, through which the government concluded that the 'clash' was not an act of criminal violence, as it occurred during an agitation against land acquisition.Farmers were holding a demonstration at Jikarpur village of Tappal opposing forcible acquisition of their land for township associated with the Yamuna Expressway project. They were demanding compensation at par with the farmers in Noida and employment opportunity for those who lose their land.However, police tried to disburse the peaceful protesting farmers leading to clashes and police firing. The five persons who died in the clash included three children who were caught in between stone pelting demonstrators and armed police personnel.The incident became a national issue overnight. The Mayawati government then promised farmers to amend the land acquisition policy and increased the rate of compensation. It also promised to withdraw criminal cases lodged against 24 farmers including farmer leader Manveer Singh Teotia who participated in the agitation.While, the first promises were met, the third one remained unfulfilled. In fact, officials allegedly used cases to arm twist farmers later to sign the deal and put their leaders in jail. A similar clash between farmers and police took place on the same issue in May 2011 at Bhatta-Parsaul village, Gautambudhnagar, in which four persons, including two policemen died. The enquiry was ordered soon after Samajwadi Party formed government after winning elections last month. The report states that district administration framed farmers who were protesting peacefully, but turned violent when the police force was used. The probe also revealed that the farmers were not given any opportunity to put up their defence, which also amounts to violation of human and civil rights. Further, in all the cases the witness, petitioner and investigator are government officials, which appear to be onesided.\"Hence after looking into all the aspects, the government decided to withdraw the cases,\" said officials. The decision came as a big relief for the farmers. The issue also affected recent elections. Nutan , wife of Manveer Singh Teotia, who led Tappal and Bhatta-Parsaul agitations and is currently in jail. President Kisan Jagriti Manch Sudhir Panwar said that the decision shows a shift in SP's thinking because in its earlier regimes force was used against farmers for land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12658130", "title": "Nitish acolytes fancy him as Prime Minister", "text": "PATNA: Though CM Nitish Kumar has never betrayed his prime ministerial ambitions, his supporters - both ministers and state JD (U) leaders - are candid about wanting to see him to lead the country.Agriculture minister Narendra Singh gave voice to Nitish acolytes' fervent wish while addressing a meet of farmers at the Shri Krishna Memorial hall here on Friday on the occasion of the launch of second campaign of a special method of rice and wheat cultivation, called System of Root Intensification (SRI) Abhiyan, 2012.\"Under his guidance, agri ... productivity has increased. Paddy production has been a record. ... He is an apt candidate to become the country's PM to ... inject a similar vision at the national level and bring about revolutionary changes,\" Singh said, even as Nitish looked the other way, seemingly engrossed in other thoughts.The minister, not surprisingly, said, \"He (Nitish) himself has not expressed his desire to become the country's PM. But, as far as we think, he is a fit candidate for the post.\"At a function held at the JD (U) state headquarters on the day, state party chief and Rajya Sabha member Vashishth Narayan Singh, when asked about the likelihood of Nitish becoming the PM someday, said, \"He has never spoken on this subject, but he is definitely a suitable candidate for it. Yet, it is also true that it is always the time and circumstances that decide who will be the country's PM.\"Nitish said at the function for the launch of SRI Campaign, 2012, that the state's farmers had made tangible achievements, with record paddy production at 77 lakh tonnes as against the previous high of 55 lakh tonnes. The government now planned to boost wheat cultivation through SRI method. He said the government launched a major procurement plan for paddy sometime back, while wheat procurement would start from April 15, the CM said.\"The record paddy production was achieved in line with the first Agriculture Road map that we prepared in 2006. Today, we have a work plan for 2012-17, and a policy framework for the 2017-22 period. We have also stressed on cultivation of cereals using organic fertilizers, since they are in high demand,\" Nitish said, adding that substantial investment in industry would occur if the state's agriculture sector matured into a strong raw material base and the state developed into a huge market for consumer goods.Earlier, agriculture minister Narendra Singh, along with agriculture production commissioner A K Sinha and agriculture secretary N Vijayalaxmi, provided an overview of the state's agriculture sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12658270", "title": "Space under flyover to be used for \u2018pay and park\u2019", "text": "RAJKOT: In order to resolve the parking issue in the city, especially along the 150-feet Ring Road, Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) has decided to use the space under the newly constructed split flyover for 'pay and park'.The standing committee on Friday approved the proposal of Rs 59 lakh for paver work under the split flyover.\"Earlier, RMC had planned to construct shops under the bridge. It was found not to be feasible because of traffic problem on this road. So, now we have decided to develop pay and park facility under the bridge. There is a major problem of parking along the 150 feet Ring Road and especially near KKV Circle and Indira Circle. So, we will sell the parking space to those who want it,'' chairman, standing committee, RMC, Jayman Upadhyay said.He said the paver work would be carried out in 7,854 square metre area.\"Time has come to think about resolving the parking problem and this is one step in that direction,\" Upadhyay added.The standing committee also approved various other developmental projects worth Rs 20 crore at its meeting.\"We have also approved the proposal to purchase 500 containers for solid waste management in a phased manner. The cost of each container will be Rs 54,800,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657332", "title": "Cellphones worth Rs 46 lakh stolen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: High end mobile phones worth Rs 46 lakh were stolen from a mobile shop in Judges Bungalow. The burglars, said police officials, were quite adept since they took care to cut the wires of CCTV cameras fixed inside and outside the shop.The incident took place at MG mobile shop in Akash tower at Judges Bungalow road. Partners of the shop - Hardik Shah and Yatin Shah - have lodged a complaint in this regard at the Vastrapur police station.On Thursday, the Shahs had left the shop after locking it up around 9 pm. On Friday morning when they returned, they saw that the shop's locks had been broken and the central portion of the shutter had been pried open. The duo then intimated the Vastrapur police station.Later, when the shop owners conducted a quick inventory, it was revealed that 388 high-end mobile phones were stolen worth Rs 46 lakh along with Rs 16,000 cash. \"The burglars were only interested in expensive gadgets, cheaper mobile phones remained untouched,\" said Vastrapur police officials.\"Inside the shop a night vision CCTV camera has been set up and outside the shop, there is a regular CCTV camera. However, these could not help us much since the burglars had cut the cameras' wirings before beginning their operations. A few clippings that we have recovered from the CCTV cameras before being disconnected, we can see two youths, one of whom was wearing a t-shirt with check patterns and the other was wearing a shirt. Unfortunately, none of the shots covered faces of the youths,\" said police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12664168", "title": "Jayalalithaa joins Mamata Banerjee over 'arbitrary' action in reducing Central Sales Tax", "text": "CHENNAI: Joining her West Bengal counterpart Mamata Banerjee , Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa today attacked the Centre for its \"arbitrary\" action in reducing Central Sales Tax (CST) compensation to states by linking it with VAT rate revision.Though the Centre had agreed to compensate states for the revenue loss for 2010-11 also, the eligible compensation was \"arbitrarily restricted\" by deducting additional revenue realised through revision of VAT rate from four to five per cent, she said in a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .\"I would like to point out that the action of the Government of India in linking CST compensation with the additional revenue on account of VAT rate revision is unilateral, arbitrary and untenable. There is no link between CST rate reduction and VAT rate enhancement. It was never a part of the guidelines for CST compensation,\" she said.Mamata had shot off a letter to Singh on Wednesday protesting the Centre's \"unilateral decision\" not to pay CST compensation to states for 2011-12.The decision to stop CST compensation for 2011-12 \"is equally objectionable\", Jayalalithaa said, adding the CST rate was reduced only as a precursor to the introduction of Goods and Service Tax (GST).\"Since it is the government of India's responsibility to introduce GST by evolving a consensus and by putting in place appropriate mechanisms, the States cannot be expected to bear the loss on account of its failure to introduce GST. The Government of India has a moral responsibility to compensate the States till GST is introduced,\" she said.Non-implementation of GST from April 1, 2010, should not be taken as ground to stop CST compensation and the Centre has to provide compensation till GST is introduced as revenue loss suffered by states is substantial and permanent, she said.The chief minister said though the Centre had agreed to compensate states for revenue loss for 2010-11 also, the eligible compensation for 2010-11 was \"arbitrarily\" restricted by deducting additional revenue realised through revision of Value Added Tax rate from four per cent to five per cent.\" ... the action of the Government of India in linking CST compensation with the additional revenue on account of VAT rate revision is unilateral, arbitrary and untenable. There is no link between CST rate reduction and VAT rate enhancement. It was never a part of the guidelines for CST compensation,\" Jayalalithaa said.Secondly, she said, the decision to stop CST compensation from 2011-12 is \"equally objectionable\".Noting that states like Tamil Nadu suffer huge revenue loss on account of CST rate reduction, Jayalalithaa said Tamil Nadu could have realised an additional revenue of Rs 2,000 crore between 2007-08 and 2010-11, even after taking into account the Centre's compensation.This tax loss pushed back the revenue base to a lower level and the state continues to suffer incremental revenue loss which is in the range of Rs 1,500 crore to Rs 2,000 crore per annum in the next three years, she said.\"I must also point out that such unilateral and unreasonable actions by the Government of India do not augur well for fostering a spirit of cooperative federalism especially at a time when the Government of India is trying to build a consensus among the states for GST,\" she said.She said revision of VAT rate from four per cent to five per cent should not be linked to the CST compensation for 2010-11 as it was not part of the original compensation package and the VAT revision had nothing to do with the CST.\"If further delay is expected in implementing GST, then the CST rate must be restored immediately to the original four per cent,\" Jayalalithaa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12657790", "title": "Periyar Dravida Kazhagam to protest bias against dalits at anganwadi, post office on April 16", "text": "COIMBATORE: Periyar Dravida Kazhagam (PDK) leader K Ramakrishnan announced an agitation on April 16 against the disallowing of dalits, especially arundathiars, from entering the post office in Chinnavadavalli village in Vadavalli village panchayat. Addressing a news conference, Ramakrishnan said an agitation and march will be held to protest the discrimination.Dalits said they were not allowed into the post office and had to wait in queue outside to get letters and postage stamps. They said letters addressed to them were not delivered properly. They were also not allowed to enter the post office to perform any function including making savings in the monthly deposit scheme. N Easwaran, a PDK functionary, said that only people from upper castes were allowed into the post office.When dalits questioned this, they were told that this was the system followed through the ages and they better reconcile with it. He said the dalits hoped that the agitation will highlight the plight of the dalits and bring about an end to the discrimination.Also, dalit children were being discriminated at the local anganwadi in Thathampalayam in Vadavalli village panchayat. He said as both the post office and the anganwadi functioned under the central and state governments, the discrimination was incriminating on them. A complaint has been filed at the Karamadai police station, Easwaran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12658215", "title": "\u2018Probe in my son\u2019s case could have saved Tikku\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of Karankumar Kakkar said on Friday that Arunkumar Tikku may still have been alive had the police taken their complaint of Vijay Palande's and his friend Simran Sood's involvement in their son's disappearance last month more seriously.The Kakkars claimed that they had pleaded with the police to question Simran to get details of Palande's whereabouts, but without conducting any inquiry, the officials had told them that the two were innocent. Karan, who used to stay in Oberoi Springs Housing Society in Andheri (W), got acquainted with Palande and Simran who had together hired a flat in the same building. \"The two could have been exposed earlier, had the police investigated my son's case properly. It could have saved Arunkumar Tikku. But they didn't take any interest,\" said Karan's mother Rita. As an explanation to Karan's disappearance, the police reportedly told his family that he might have flown out of the country with a woman, without informing his family about it, and would return soon. Karan's brother Hanish said, \"Whenever the police told us that Karan had gone out of the country, we insisted that he didn't have a passport, but they were not ready to investigate.\" The officials allegedly did not even try to trace Karan's BMW, which had gone missing at the same time.Failing to get enough response from the police, the Kakkars themselves went on to find the details of Karan's bank accounts. They found that Karan used six ATM cards and after his disappearance, some of the cards were reportedly used in a shopping mall in Malad. On March 14, they collected the CCTV footage, in which the family spotted Palande and his associate Dhananjay Shinde-he has been arrested for Tikku's murder-using the cards. The family claimed that though they provided the CCTV grabs to the police, asking them to inquire about the suspects, the officials did not \"take any interest\". The Kakkars said one of the cards was also used in Bangkok on March 12, and the police were now inquiring about it.Even as the family strived to gather every piece of information on their missing son, they received a call on March 17, when a person told them that he had found Karan's mobile in the toilet of Vaishali Express. The person had reportedly submitted the phone to the police at the New Delhi railway station. In March-end, the family returned to Delhi and collected the mobile, but they found that neither Palande nor Simran's numbers were stored in the phone and its memory card was also missing. However, the phone reportedly had alerts about transactions being carried out on Karan's other cards; following that, the Kakkars requested the respective banks to block the accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659124", "title": "10 more test positive for H1N1 in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The total number of positive casesof Influenza A(alsoknown asH 1N1or swine flu ) in the state touched 118 on Friday , with 10 more people testing positive in BBMP limits. One person each in Mysore and Udupi tested positive , said Dr Chandrashekhar Malagi , joint director , communicable diseases , department of health &amp; family welfare .The virus has claimed seven lives since January 2012. \"People should take precautions and avoid going out in the crowds . Maintain proper hygiene and consult the physician if you suffer from symptoms of flu,\" said Dr Malagi . Contact the H1N1 helpline 91-9844994100 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12662274", "title": "Opposition camp\u2019s candidate to take on Chirayu Amin", "text": "VADODARA: While royal family scion Samarjitsinh Gaekwad pulled out of the race for Baroda Cricket Association (BCA) president's post, the opposition camp has decided to field its candidate in the elections.It is for the first time in last one decade that the opposition will be fielding a candidate for president's post. Earlier, Chirayu Amin used to be elected to the post uncontested. However, the opposition camp, that is unhappy with Amin's functioning, decided to field its candidate for the top post.Former VMC standing committee chairman Shailesh Nagarsheth will contest for the president's post from the opposition camp. Ex-cricketer Vikram Hazare will contest for the vice-president's post.\"The management had made tall promises when it came to power in 2001 that included constructing a cricket stadium and giving clean administration. However, the management has failed on both accounts,\" said Sheetal Mehta of the opposition group.\"BCA is yet to recover crores of rupees paid for a failed land deal,\" he added. The opposition is planning to target the top six posts in BCA. Jayesh Verma will contest for treasurer's post while Nagarsheth, Snehal Mehta, Dashrath Pardesi, Cecil Williams, Mohan Karlekar and Vivek Dongre will contest for managing committee members' post.Sources said that the opposition may pull out of the tournament and umpires committee elections to focus on top posts. The camp expected that Gaekwad would contest polls as president but on Friday they were left surprised after he pulled out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657101", "title": "Pakistani kurtas sweep city women off their feet", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's a torrid summer ahead, and women in the city are making sure their wardrobe is equipped to handle the heat. And at the ongoing exhibition of Pakistani lifestyle products, the lightweight lawn cotton suits and kurtas seem to be a rage among women. Traders say they've sold out of many designs too.The exhibition, Lifestyle Pakistan, is on at Pragati Maidan from 10am to 6pm until Sunday, and features over 100 traders from the country, many of whom are displaying in India for the first time. Apart from fashion, the exhibition includes precious and semi-precious jewellery, accessories, khussa (closed jootis) from Multan, furniture, home furnishings, handicrafts, textiles, and fabrics.\"The response has been fantastic. Lawn cloth is very soft and light, making it perfect for this weather. Women wear them in Pakistan all the time as the weather there is similar. They're great for the working woman especially,\" says renowned Karachi-based Hindu-Sindhi designer Deepak Perwani, who recently showcased at the Pakistan Fashion Week . At the exhibition, he's selling his mass-market collection of about 20 different prints, created in collaboration with Orient textile mills. \"The pieces are all under Rs 5000, so they are accessible to everyone,\" he says. The suits are unstitched, but come in a packet complete with embellishments and embroidery patches required.Syed Ali Debaj, who oversees the stall of Asim Jofa, a famous Pakistani designer, says that though they have formal wear, the response for the lawn suits has been tremendous. \"It's the finest cotton, and it's good for casual wear. In our casual suits, too, we have embroideries, velvet patches, and other embellishments that allow dual purpose,\" he says.The buying behavior echoes what the traders say - women throng stalls, hanging on to pieces carefully selected after rummaging through suit racks; some try on kurtas on top of their regular clothes, others drape embroidered sarees over their denims.There are several other stalls selling products made of white and green Pakistani onyx - considered one of the best in the world. Products include coasters, keychains, vases, candle stands, bracelets, necklaces, telephones, glasses, decorative pieces and so on.There is also an art section featuring oil, pastel, acrylic, watercolour, and mixed media works by Pakistani artists, as well as calligraphic pieces of silver leaf on board by artist Amjad Butt. There is a furniture section also, featuring boutique and high-end pieces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12658103", "title": "RTE Act: Poor students face uncertain fate", "text": "BHOPAL: The fate of the children admitted under the Right to Education Act (RTE) in minority institutions hangs in balance after the Supreme Court ruling on Thursday, going by the mood of the schools' management.Already, the convent schools are reportedly finding ways of how not to admit the underprivileged children who were previously given admission under the Act this year as confusion on the future course of action prevails among them.Talking to TOI, Sister Reji, principal Carmel Convent BHEL said, \"After the SC ruling, we have no obligations to continue with the admissions of the Below Poverty Line (BPL) children this year. However, we may decide to continue with their admissions scheduled for June on humanitarian grounds.\"She said that the unreserved category had been admitted in January while the delay for the BPL children previously coming under the 25% reserved category of the RTE before the Thursday's SC ruling was to be completed in June as the state government had not reimbursed for the students admitting last year in kindergarten.The fate of the students of the BPL category admitted last year is also uncertain as they may be asked to cough up the regular fees.\"Fresh admissions are conducted in Class I so the children promoted from kindergarten may be asked to make regular payments, otherwise they may as well join government schools,\" Sr Reji said.Fr Francis Maria Joseph, principal St Xavier's Senior Secondary School, BHEL though had a slightly different stand. \"All those who have been admitted under the RTE would be taught free of cost till class VIII. Those who are not performing well may be asked to quit though.\"The principals also stated that the all the convents would come together and take a united stand on the fate of the BPL students .Fr Anand Muttungal, spokesperson of MP Isai Mahasangh said, \"The students would not be charged for fees this year but they may be asked to produce an income certificate to verify whether they actually belong to the BPL category or not.\"Later he said, \"A joint meeting of the Christian minority institutions would be held around June -July.\"A parent whose child was studying in one of the city convents said, \"Our hopes have been dashed. We were overjoyed when my son was selected for a convent by the lottery. Now it is unsure whether he would be able to study there or not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12658891", "title": "Computer reveals why we do not forget some film dialogues", "text": "Hasta la vista, baby\" may have been uttered by a murderous cyborg played by Arnold Schwarzenegger , but could a computer recognize it as one of cinema's most memorable lines? Yes , according to a group of American researchers . A team at Cornell University has created a computer program to break down the formula behind some of cinema's most enduring lines, from Dirty Harry's \"Do you feel lucky, punk?\" to Casablanca's \"Here's looking at you, kid\".In its current form the algorithm may not be a huge help for budding screenwriters looking for their first hit, but its creators believe that in the future it may well be able to come out with a few classic quotes, or at least a successful advertising slogan , on its own.Computer scientist Cristian Danescu-Niculescu-Mizil initially wanted to scrutinise political speeches and news bulletins to pick out the best lines, but when they turned out to be too problematic, the team turned its attention to films to analyse what drove certain lines into popular culture . For its research paper - entitled You had me at hello: How phrasing affects memorability - they scoured the internet for film scripts and studied 1,000 films, highlighting memorable quotes.The team then asked people to judge between two quotes from films they had not seen, with one line memorable and the other less so. In about 78% of cases, people could detect the more memorable quote.They found that the memorable quotes were made up of word combinations unlikely to appear elsewhere in film. Yet the grammatical structures of the quotes tended to be ordinary.Other interesting quirks of the memorable quotes included more of a use of the indefinite article rather than the definite article, verbs in the past tense and the use of pronouns other than \"you\" . The best quote, according to Danescu-Niculescu-Mizil , was: \"Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn\" , uttered by Clark Gable as Rhett Butler in 'Gone with the Wind' .He said: \"It has general aspect but also it has an unusual combination of 'my dear' and 'damn'.\"--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657231", "title": "Panel for Post graduate medical counselling", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government has constituted a team of observers to suggest ways to increase efficiency in the medical post-graduation counselling 2012-13 process, conducted by Dr NTR University of Health Sciences, Vijayawada, from April 16 as per the rules, regulations and procedures in vogue.Special chief secretary G Sudhir stated on Friday that Dr PV Nandakumar Reddy, professor of ophthalmology at Sarojini Devi Eye Hospital/Osmania Medical College, has been designated as team leader.Ramana Raju, additional director (administration) in the department of medical health has been named member of the said team along with Dr Babu Rao, assistant professor of Social and Preventive Medicine at Osmania Medical College.Once the counseling process is over and the team has collected the necessary information, the team leader has been asked to submit a detailed report on their findings to the government which will help it better understand the salient aspects of the counselling process and its shortcomings, if any.The team is also expected to recommend appropriate measures for improvement in the procedure with an eye on the future.The team, however, shall not interfere with the counselling process per se.The vice-chancellor of Dr NTR University of Health Sciences has been asked to extend necessary co-operation and support to the team of observers, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12663793", "title": "Anubhav Sinha turns producer", "text": "Ace director Anubhav Sinha has turned a producer. Naming his production house after Banaras where his roots are, the director terms it as his most ambitious project.\"From Banaras, I had gone to Aligarh, then to Faridabad from where I headed to Pune, thereafter Delhi and finally I landed in Mumbai. Now I have named my company after the city I belong to so it is a complete circle for me,\" says the director of Shah Rukh Khan starrer Ra.One .Turning producer is also a way of venting creativity according to Anubhav who has teamed up with the ace director Sudhir Mishra for an untitled film. \"The second draft of the script is ready and we would soon be start the casting part of the film. I am sure my hard core commercial cinema and Sudhir's off beat cinema would result in something interesting for the viewer,\" he says.\"The other is franchisee property called Warning, which would be a survivor series of films of people stuck in difficult situation. How some of them survive and some of them fail to make it forms the crux of my story. This crisis could be anywhere under the water or in the jungle. It is about ignoring of a warning which could be anywhere. The film is being directed by a newcomer Gurmeet Singh and the first in the series would be shot in Fiji Islands,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12658959", "title": "University of Agricultural Sciences gets 50 lakh grant for cotton research", "text": "MYSORE: Concerned over the fading away of traditional cotton seeds, city businessman Jaganath Shenoi, managing trustee of Smt D Ramabai Charitable Trust, on Friday pledged Rs 50 lakh for research to develop a new hybrid desi cotton seed by the University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS). In the first installment, he handed over a cheque of Rs 8.68 lakh to the varsity.For the five-year project, field trials will be conducted in different parts of the country including Mysore's Heggadadevana Kote where there is intense cotton cultivation. The main aim is to propagate non-BT cotton hybrids and varieties having better performance. The seed will remain in public domain and be a gift to farmers, say stakeholders.They expect to develop one or two hybrid seeds by improving two varieties - Lakshmi and Barbados -- from which earlier DCH 32 and Varalakshmi have been developed, said SS Patil, senior cotton breeder attached to the UAS.Patil said the project was conceptualized a year ago. \"We were waiting for financial support to carry out an experiment, which will done in association with bio-re India project, MP and Chetna organic farmers association, Hyderabad,\" he said.According to experts, Bt cotton is spread over 90% of land where cotton is being cultivated in India since 2002 when it was introduced. Stakeholders say there have been many changes in the agri sector since then. Non-BT varies and hybrids like Jayadhar, MCU5, Varalakshmi, Yamuna, DCH32, Suvin and Surabi have vanished and over 92% of cotton growers have to Bt cotton. \"Unfortunately, cotton seeds available are patented proprietary owned by MNCs. They are earning huge royalties. Governments have done little research on non-BT cotton hybrids,\" farmer activist Vivek Cariappa said. He said they will carry out tests in HD Kote (Mysore), Haveri, UAS (Dharwad), Odisha, Andhra Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh and Maharastra.Shenoi, who comes from an agricultural background, told TOI he wants the country to have desi cotton seed and hence encouraging research. Shenoi, managing partner, Mangalore Ganesh Beedi Works, handed over the cheque to Patil. Bio-re CEO Rajiv Baruah and Arun Ambatipudi of Chetna association were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12662994", "title": "Bal Thackeray praises Nitish, ridicules Raj", "text": "MUMBAI: Lauding the developmental work undertaken by Nitish Kumar in Bihar after he took over as chief minister, Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray on Saturday took a dig at his estranged nephew MNS president Raj Thackeray for opposing Kumar's visit here and then back-tracking.\"The role of the \"natwarya\" (veteran actor) to first oppose and then not to oppose has been exposed. The delicious 'vada' (a local snack) has become 'rabdi' (a sweet dish),\" he said in an editorial in party mouthpiece 'Saamna'.Votebank politics hinges on 'nautanki' (drama) and 'tamasha', he said, taking potshots at Raj for his flip-flop over Kumar's visit to Mumbai to take part in Bihar Day celebrations.\"That is why we said we will speak on Bihar Day only after others reveal their stand,\" the Sena chief said in an apparent reference to MNS.Praising Kumar for his work, the Sena patriarch said \"Due to the fabulous leadership Bihar has got in the form of Nitish Kumar, the state, a backward region engulfed in casteism, is on the road to development.\"Speaking on the issue of Marathi pride, he said no one was more aggressive than Shiv Sena in opposing \"atrocities\" on Marathi-speakers in Belgaum by the Kannada people.\"Shiv Sena's fist is firm and Mumbai will remain for Marathi-speakers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12658052", "title": "Indefinite closure of centralized meal kitchen", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The state's first centralized midday meal (MDM) kitchen that was inaugurated with much fanfare at Ramdas Bhatta here last Saturday has been closed for indefinite period, leaving hundreds of public school students in East Singhbhum and Seraikela-Kharsawan districts without food on Friday afternoon.Iskcon Food Relief Foundation (IFRF), which is in principle responsible for running the kitchen, has said insufficient logistics and delivery time schedule are reasons for closing the kitchen for an indefinite period of time. \"We are reworking our arrangements to start the kitchen full-fledged. Logistics and delivery time schedule are the two issues that we have identified primarily during the initial two-day trial run,\" said IFRF director Sanjay Tikoo.However, the official did not promise any deadline for resumption of the kitchen. \"Our expert team from Delhi is visiting here. Probably, it will take sometime to resume,\" said Tikoo.In the wake of abrupt closure of the kitchen, the district education department convened a meeting of the school principals concerned and asked them to cook food in their respective schools for the time being. \"Neither funds are available nor is their any dry ration, so how can we arrange the food without adequate cooperation from the administrations of the respective districts?\" said a senior teacher of Rajakiya Mahila Vidyalya, Gamharia.\"The schools have been asked to arrange dry ration on credit for the time being and carry on with the MDM scheme without break. The purpose is to ensure meals to the children regularly,\" said East Singhbhum district superintendent of education Sushil Kumar.An official in the MDM cell said even if funds are released to the schools it will take three to four days to get credit in the school account.\"New accounting year has just begun and we are a bit occupied with funds calculations. However, MDM funds will be released to the schools,\" said an MDM cell official, maintaining anonymity.The IFRF authorities had claimed that the centralized kitchen has the capacity to produce 1 lakh meals a day but initially it would cater to 65,000 students in the 384 public schools located in the two districts. As many as 20 vans ferried the cooked food from the kitchen on a trial basis from Monday to Wednesday with staff strength of 70 to the beneficiary schools. Some schools are located in the remote villages relatively far from the main road apparently causing trouble to the vans in covering the distance on time.\"But these are issues that should have been settled ahead of the formal launching of the programme,\" said a schoolteacher, adding that it is the poor children who will face the trouble now.The centralized kitchen, set up at a cost of Rs 4 crore, has been introduced on public-private-partnership (PPP) model and has the support of Tata Steel, which has provided building infrastructure and vehicles while the government is doing the funding and IFRF is running the kitchen affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12656998", "title": "Second round of pulse polio drive tomorrow", "text": "KOCHI: The district health department has made elaborate arrangements for the second phase of pulse polio immunization programme to be held on Sunday.During the drive that is part of the national polio eradication programme, more than 2 lakh children below five years would be given oral polio vaccine, officials said.Addressing a press conference here on Friday, district collector P I Sheik Pareeth said the programme is important as no cases have been reported in the state since 2000.\"But there are chances of the virus spreading to Kerala through the floating population. Against the backdrop of such a risk situation, every parent should ensure that children below five years are given this immunization,\" he said.Nearly 1,990 pulse polio booths would be set up in different parts of the district for the smooth conduct of the immunization programme.The collector said the booths would be opened at various primary health centres, sub-centres, anganwadis, and schools, besides major bus stations, south and north railway stations, Vyttila mobility hub, airport, boat jetties and other public places.\"The booths will be open from 8 am to 5 pm on Sunday and as many as 3,988 trained volunteers and 236 supervisors will be deployed for the immunization drive,\" Pareeth added.The district-level inauguration of the immunization drive would be conducted by Anoop Jacob, minister for food and civil supplies, at the Government Hospital, Koothattukulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659102", "title": "Vishu to Baisakhi: A season of celebrations", "text": "BANGALORE: It's New Year again and different states are celebrating the special day in their own unique ways. The Tamilians had a first reading of their new panchangam (calendar) on April 13 to mark the start of Varsha Pirapu - a brand-new year. Rama Ananthakrishnan started the day with a padi kolam. \"It's our traditional rangoli which signifies that there's festivity at home,\" she says. Clad in new clothes, Rama went on to read the year's new panchangam. \"We follow the Souramana calendar, as in the movements of the sun according to which our year unfurls,\" she explains.Away from home, Raj Ranjana celebrated Baisakhi, the Punjabi festival heralding the felicitation of the Panch Pyare. \"Years ago, when Guru Gobind Singh asked people to stand up to protect mankind, the Panch Pyare came forward first. The Guru went on to felicitate them with amrit (potion), made of cheeni (sugar) and pani (water) in a katora (cup). We follow the same tradition till date,\" explains Raj. On this first day of Baisakhi, farmers in Punjab harvest the first crop of gehoon (wheat).Down South it's celebration of Vishu by the Malayalees. Deepa Manoj has prepared Vishu Kani comprising a plate arranged with God's picture and a diya. \"We ensure that the first sight we see on Vishu is the kani. Then we bathe and dress in new clothes before bursting crackers and gathering for a padhya (family meal),\" she says. In fact, on the auspicious day of Vishu, the elders of the family give gifts to the younger members. And then, Deepa and her family go on to feast on sadya, aviyal, sambhar, mambaya puzhchedi and chakka - jackfruit sweet.It's a sweet affair indeed, just the way the Bengalis ring in Poila Boishak. \"Sweets are integral to Bengali cuisine and include sandesh, roshogulla, raj bhog and chomchom,\" says Manisha Sarkar. But before the sumptuous meal, comes the puja. \"We begin the first day of our new year with a prayer to Ganesh and Lakshmi seeking prosperity. Then come the new clothes and a special lunch of luchi and aloo dom!\" smiles Manisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12657492", "title": "Boy at remand home attempts suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 17-year-old boy lodged at an observation home for juveniles in the city attempted suicide by hanging himself from a ceiling fan on Thursday. He was rescued by the inmates of the observation home. However, he made another attempt at suicide by consuming soap water. He has been admitted to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) and is on the way to recovery.Two other boys were also taken to CMCH after they were suspected of consuming soap water. They, according to officials, had faked the claim.The boy in hospital was arrested on February 27 for stealing a mobile phone by Variety Hall road police. Police said that was his third attempt at theft. He was admitted to the observation home on February 27 and had made a suicide attempt on March 23 when he cut a vein on his hand.Honorary secretary of the observation home C M Manickam lodged a complaint with Race Course police station on Thursday. In his complaint, Manickam said the boy was in the home for trying to steal mobile phones. He has made more than one attempt to kill self.When the boy was picked up the first time when he attempted to steal a phone, he was given counseling and allowed to go with his mother. After the second offence, he was handed over to his uncle. None, however, visited him after the third offence was reported.\"We are afraid that other boys in the home might be affected by the behaviour of this boy. We have requested the Race Course police to provide us with round the clock protection,\" said Manickam.Twenty boys are lodged in the observation home. Some of them have been listed as trouble makers. A 17-year-old boy from Sulur has been sent to the home for the fifth time for mobile phone theft. His parents refused to seek bail for him since he was a habitual offender. A 16-year-old boy from Erode is at the home after he was caught stealing from passengers on trains. He faces three cases in Coimbatore, Salem and Chennai. The 18-year-old son of a sub-inspector of police from Madurai is languishing in the home because his father has refused to seek bail for him. The juvenile justice board granted bail to the boy, but his father did not allow family members to meet him or take him away. A 17-year-old boy from Sikkim has been lodged at the home from January 10, 2012. His parents too refused to take him out on bail since he was a repeat offender.\"We give quality food, counseling and education to boys kept in the home. We also allow them playtime. But the very fact that they are within four walls, causes depression among inmates. The parents of the boys should approach the juvenile justice board for bail and take their wards into the custody of the family,\" said Manickam.The observation home was in news a few months ago when five boys escaped after assaulting the watchman. This newspaper had then published a series of reports that boys in the home were deprived of basic facilities and decent food, prompting them to flee the place. Following the media attention, the district collector inspected the home and ordered revamp of its functioning besides sanctioning Rs 2 lakh to improve facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12657821", "title": "Board struggles to solve maths problem in paper", "text": "PANAJI: The dilemma over the Class X mathematics paper continues for the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education. The Board remained undecided on Friday over whether or not there was a mistake in the April 9 mathematics question paper as while the board of studies said that there was no mistake, the scrutiny committee stood by its members' report that mistakes had occurred in questions worth seven marks.The Goa Board has now called a meeting of the members of the board of studies and the scrutiny committee on April 16, where both sides will come face-to-face to resolve the issue. A mathematics teacher, who has been in the profession for over 25 years, will also be called to provide his expertise to the Board members.If on Monday's meeting it is decided that mistakes were indeed present in the mathematics question paper, Goa Board officials will move a proposal to the executive council for allotment of seven marks to all the 16,000 students who appeared for the exam. The executive council will then decide if the marks will be allotted flatly or proportionately to the students.The Goa Board scrutinizer, who is the first to open the sealed papers for the Class X public exams before their distribution to all centers across the state, had stated in his report that the while one question in the paper is out of syllabus, there is a proofreading mistake in the other question. Together, both questions carry seven marks.Some students had also informed the supervisors at their centres on the day of the exam that there were mistakes in the question paper as they did not see any way of solving the problems. Goa Board tried to tally the report of the scrutinizer with views of some maths teachers, who also approved of the scrutinizer's report.Members of the board of studies have said that the problems are neither out of syllabus or have any proofreading mistakes, but were trick questions put to students to judge their application of knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656562", "title": "Caught copying, girl jumps off college building", "text": "CHENNAI: A girl flung herself off the first floor of her college in Anna Nagar after being caught cheating in exam. The girl fractured her hands and legs but is out of danger.The 20-year-old, a BSc (nutrition) student of Anna Adarsh College for women, sneaked in a bit paper scribbled with notes for her Thursday exam. She walked into the hall with the bit tucked under her slippers. But one of the hawk-eyed invigilators allegedly caught her snooping at the bit during the exam.The examiner snatched her answer sheets and hall ticket. After informing the principal, she led the student to a separate room and patted her down to check if she had anything more on her. But didn't find anything else.Named and shamed for cheating, she slumped on to the desk and covered her face with hands for a few minutes. Then she got up, rushed out of the hall and threw herself on to the ground from the first floor of the building, according to another student.The student, a resident of Aminjikarai, was initially admitted to Sundaram Medical Foundation Hospital at Anna Nagar. But her family members got her discharged and shifted to another hospital. The relatives refused to reveal where she was admitted now.Police said the girl couldn't probably bear the shame of being caught cheating in front of her friends.The Anna Nagar police have recorded the student's statement. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656642", "title": "Fake woman IPS officer in police net", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman who posed as an IPS officer and cheated several people in Vellore and Chennai, including two jail wardens, of huge amounts of cash and jewels has finally been nabbed.Three women Central Crime Branch sleuths posing as nurses making a door-to-door health check for swine flu apprehended S Vijayabanu alias Sheeba Mathew (36) on Thursday from a house at Adukamparai in Vellore where she was with Puzhal jail warden D Vidheshana. Vijayabanu, a spinster, was arrested based on a complaint from Vidheshana's brother Vimalraj.Vijayabanu's uncle K Devarasan (52) of Kanniyambadi and N Madhivanan, a photographer from Pulianthope, who allegedly helped her get fake police IDs have also been arrested.The three were booked under various IPC sections and remanded in judicial custody. Police said Vijayabanu had been lodged in Puzhal prison in connection with a theft case in 2009-10 when she met Vidheshana and convinced her she was on a secret Central government mission to investigate malpractices in the prison. She showed 'pictures' of herself with senior police officers, including former DGP Letika Saran, as proofPromising to make the warden a partner in the trust she said she ran for orphans, Vijayabanu took Rs 3 lakh. She also told Vidheshana she had been awarded a tender for constructing bridges in the city and would make her a partner in that project as well, said an investigating officer.\"She had the badge of a deputy commissioner of police and had more than 40 pictures, including some of her with Letika Saran, some taken at a police meet and at an IPS officers' national conference where the winners had taken the photos with chief ministers. She apparently downloaded the photos from the police website,\" said sub-inspector T Mary Raju, who is part of the CCB team investigating the case.Making similar promises, she took Rs five lakh and 25 sovereigns of gold from Vimalraj, 22 sovereigns of gold from a Vellore jail warden and 38 sovereigns of gold from a person in Perambur. She gained their confidence by spending lavishly on gifts. \"She spent at least Rs 5,000 for every visit,\" the officer said.Police officers who were initially reluctant to believe she had morphed the pictures found she had replaced the picture of an officer who stood beside Mary Raju in a conference at Uttarakhand with her own. \"I had the original photo with me and was familiar with all those who stood beside me. I informed my senior officers,\" Mary Raju told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12662270", "title": "Arjun Kapoor's battle with 140 kilos!", "text": "His raw charm and infectious smile visible in the I shaqzaade promos, certainly have raised the curiosity quotient of how Arjun Kapoor will fare as an actor.While that will be known on the day the film releases, what's inspiring is this actor's will to battle his obesity and emerge victorious. It was always thought that Arjun Kapoor, son of Boney Kapoor , will eventually work as a director. In fact, seeing the way he 'looked' before this film - a heavy, podgy 140 kilos - becoming an actor seemed a very remote possibility to most industry wallahs. Arjun had worked as assistant director in Kal Ho Na Ho , but, it was only when he worked on Salman Khan films like Salaam-e-Ishq (as assistant director) and Wanted (as co-producer) that things changed for the podgy, young man! On sets of Wanted , while everyone was gung ho about the way in which Arjun paid minutest attention to detail when on the job, Salman was thinking on a whole different trajectory.Says a source from the film, \"Salman strongly felt that he saw an actor in Arjun Kapoor. In fact, he actually sat with Arjun and told him that he shouldn't be wasting time learning direction and production, when he had it in him to become an actor! With him weighing almost 140 kg, Arjun couldn't see how this could happen. But, Salman sure it could happen and it has!\" The official spokesperson of Ishaqzaade too says, \"Salman actually took him under his wings and helped the boy lose weight, discover the actor with in him and guided him. Arjun always wanted to work behind the scenes, but Salman convinced him otherwise.\" As Arjun's lean, mean looks light up the silver screen, it sure looks like Salman has mentored yet another winner", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "dhargalim", "code": "12657868", "title": "Govt orders sealing of factory", "text": "DHARGALIM: Hours after the gas leak at the Dhargalim industrial estate, state authorities on Friday ordered the sealing of Intech Pharma Pvt Ltd, arrested the owner and his son, and tested that the bromine content in the air around the industry was zero ruling out any immediate danger to the public.D V Saharan and Divyanshu, arrested for negligence and causing hurt by endangering lives, were released on bail after producing personal bonds of 10,000 each, said Pernem PI C L Patil.Police sources claimed the four affected factory workers-Roshan Pandar, Mukesh Kale, Alexander Alis and Harshal Mulik-were taken by the owners to the hospital without informing the police in an attempt to hush up the case. The workers have been discharged.Inspecting the site, chief inspector of factories and boilers, Sadashiv Paranjape told TOI that \"mishandling and negligence\" had caused the leak. \"They also had no permission to operate. Their licence had expired in 2011 and they had applied for its renewal only on April 10, 2012,\" Paranjape said.He added that the licence will not be renewed till the factory is renovated. \"It is in a pathetic state.\" He also directed the owner to shift the four tonnes of bromine and the finished products presently in the factory to a safer place.\"We cannot play with bromine. The premises will be sealed after all the quantity of bromine is shifted to a safe place,\" Paranjape said.Explaining how methyl bromide is produced, factory owner Saharan told TOI that the gas-lined reactor is first charged with water, sulphuric acid, sulphur and methyl. When the reaction starts, 100-120kg per hour of bromine is released in the reactor leading to the production of methyl bromide.\"Bromine was kept in the storage tank which was checked on Wednesday by officials of Glass Coat (testers). They okayed it and we pumped the bromine into the reactor. I don't understand how the leak occurred,\" said Saharan.A dyke container filled with water is mandatorily placed below the reactor to check any leak. \"There was not enough water in the container. Had there been, bromine, a halogen compound with heavier density than water, would have settled, checking any exposure to the air and subsequent leak,\" explained chairman of the Goa state pollution control board Simon D'Souza who also inspected the site.He added that there was no way to calculate how much gas had leaked. \"After inspecting the storage tank we'll be able to arrive at an estimate,\" said D'Souza.Factories and boilers' officials used a dragger (small machine) to check the leakage. As per norms, bromine content in the air should not exceed 0.1 part per million by volume. The dragger showed bromine content in the air surrounding the industry as 0, while it was up to 0.7 part per million by volume in the close vicinity of the reactor.The officials along with GSPCB will submit their reports to the competent authority for further action. Pernem deputy collector Ajit Panchwadkar said the factory will be sealed till further action is ordered.Dhargalim sarpanch Bhushan Naik demanded that the factory should be shut down permanently or else villagers would agitate.As the company name bears 'Pharma', officials of food and drugs administration also visited the site. Realizing the company does not manufacture pharmaceuticals, they directed the owner to change its name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657375", "title": "Ticket windows in your living room", "text": "LUCKNOW: One of the first movers of e-commerce industry in India are the Indian Railways. Way back on August 12, 2005, when the Indian Railways started e-ticketing system, a northern railways official said to TOI, \"For years, people had to come to the PRS ( Passenger Reservation System), now this is an effort to bring the PRS to the people.\" The sentence may have been a perfect public relations piece then, but as other companies realised in due course of time, e-commerce has grown big.At present the business of online ticketing has been one of the pioneers of e-commerce industry. \"The railways e-ticketing contributed to revolutionising the e-commerce space and brought to the forefront that the Indian market is ready to purchase products online. This showed that there exists a simple, economical and convenient mode to making purchases, be it for travel or any other product,\" says COO, JourneyMart. com Varun Chadha.While rail tickets reached a high volume as it dealt with a mass market, with further internet penetration and better safety, the rate of adoption of online purchases has grown over the years. \"The general trend of e-commerce growth may be attributed to factors such as the availability of comprehensive information, ease of transaction, enhanced transparency and in some cases the availability of better deals online,\" he adds.With the penetration of the internet, customers started getting used to the ease of booking a ticket online. \"We are moving towards changing consumer mindsets, augmenting infrastructural support and offering wider modes of payment, thereby alleviating consumers concerns, which is evident by the increasing use of the online medium,\" says Chadha.The benefits go beyond ease as customers are turning internet-savvy with companies providing various down payment, interest free EMI's, travel insurance and other schemes. Moreover, now one needn't bother to stand in queue for their travel requirements. Planning has become a personnel choice. \"There is only one direction in which the trend can move and the proportion of consumers booking travel online will keep steadily increasing. \" says Yatra.com marketing head PratikMazumder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12658944", "title": "Naveen Patnaik orders inquiry into Balasore clash", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Friday condemned the clash between police and devotees at a festival at Chandaneswar in Balasore district and ordered an administrative inquiry.\"The inquiry would be conducted by revenue divisional commissioner,\" Naveen told media persons. Sources said RDC (central range) has been asked to submit his report within two months.Also on Friday, the government suspended six police personnel in connection with the fracas. It coincided with police arresting three men for their alleged involvement in the violence. \"Those placed under suspension included four constables, one havildar and a driver,\" DIG (eastern range) Sanjay Kumar told TOI. \"We also arrested three men in the case,\" Kumar added.Nearly 40 persons, including 10 policemen, were injured in the skirmish that broke out at the Chadaka mela ground. The aggrieved devotees torched a police van.Though the situation seemed under control, nearly nine platoon police forces were deployed to avoid any untoward incident. \"Mild tension still persists. We have kept watchful eye on the situation,\" SP (Balasore) Rajesh Kumar said.Though devotees blamed police for highhandedness, the latter accused the devotees of picking up the fight first.Trouble started during the Mela Chandani Parva, a ritual when devotees throw mud and sandal wood paste at each other as part of the Chadak festival. The cops reacted when some anti-social men threw mud at a Bengali woman, who had come to see the festival.The devotees alleged the cops resorted to lathi-charge even as they apologized for the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12658096", "title": "Fervour, gaiety mark Baisakhi celebrations in state capital", "text": "PATNA: The city celebrated Baisakhi with traditional fervour and gaiety on Friday. A large number of Sikh devotees congregated at the Takht Sri Harimandir Ji, Patna Saheb, which is also the birth place of Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Guru of Sikhs.Baisakhi is also known as 'Khalsa Srijna Diwas', or the birth of Khalsa, 'the order of pure ones'. Guru Gobind Singh discontinued the tradition of human gurus in Sikhism on this occasion, in 1699, and asked them to accept Guru Granth Saheb as their eternal guide.\"The ragis started reciting 'Gurbani' at the gurudwara from early morning. Lectures were also delivered by eminent personalities on the relevance of Khalsa. The day-long programme culminated with the community kitchen called 'Langar'. A large number of devotees from across the country visited the Takht Saheb to celebrate Baisakhi,\" said Raja Singh, secretary of Harimandir Saheb prabandhak committee.Popular Punjabi singer Daler Mehndi performed on the first day of the two-day 'Patna Saheb Mahotsav' organized by Bihar tourism department at Mangal Talab on Friday. \"Daler enthralled the audience with his performance. It was definitely a very memorable evening for the local audience,\" said a tourism department official.A ten-day Punjabi food festival was also opened at a posh hotel which registered the footfall of a large number of food lovers on Friday.Punjabi Bradri also celebrated the occasion by organizing a cultural festival in the SK memorial Hall. Folk artistes enthralled the audience with their performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12658197", "title": "Nilamber Pitamber University girls to get nod for attending colleges near their residence", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Girl students of Nilamber Pitamber University (NPU) with an identity card will be soon be allowed to attend classes in any of the colleges under the university, nearest to their residence.NPU have colleges in Latehar, Palamu and Garhwa districts. University sources said move is on to introduce this system first only for girl students. The idea behind this is that girls living far away from the college do not attend classes regularly for many reasons like transportation problem, expenditure on transportation, bad law and order situation, over dependency on coaching centres etc.University sources said for such girl students, the system will be a novel experience. Daltonganj town has only one women's college in a population of over a lakh. In its contiguity, there are two blocks of Sadar and Chainpur. However, majority of the girls residing at Chainpur block have taken admission in far away GLA College, a distance of over 6km. The college is barely 2km away from Chainpur.When this system is introduced, girl students of Chainpur block will have the liberty to attend their classes in Women's College and not at GLA College. This will save their time, money and lots of other problems. In the same way, students, who are residing at Lesliganj and have taken admission to Women's College will have the liberty to attend their classes at the GLA College and not in Women's College.The university will soon direct respective college teachers to keep an account of attendance of such students, which will be sent to the respective colleges before filling up the examination form.NPU vice chancellor Firoz Ahmad said the university is weighing the pros and cons of the system. \"This will further encourage the students to attend classes at the nearest point from the residence.\"Registrar P K Verma said this will definitely help to bring a sea change in the attitude of students towards their classrooms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12660936", "title": "Earthquake strikes Gujarat, Maharashtra", "text": "NEW DELHI: An earthquake measuring 4.0 on the Richter scale was felt in Kutch, Gujarat at 8:53am on Saturday morning, news channels reported.Tremors were also felt in Mumbai, Pune and other parts of Maharashtra.There are no reports of any casualty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "fatehgarh sahib", "code": "12656862", "title": "Villagers protest removal of holy book from gurdwara", "text": "FATEHGARH SAHIB: Jeunpura villagers resorted to highway blockade on Friday after the administration allegedly removed Guru Granth Sahib from a gurdwara located on land the government wants to acquire.The villagers have already approached the Punjab and Haryana high court against the acquisition move and the next hearing in case is scheduled for April 18.The government plans to acquire around 60 acres of land, out of which 35 belong to 20 families of this village.According to information available, a special 25km railway track will be laid to supply coal to thermal power plant of a private company in Rajpura and government wants to acquire land for the purpose.As a mark of their strong protest against the removal of the holy book, the residents observed Friday as 'Black Baisakhi'. They have been demanding commercial rate for their land as it is situated along the national highway but are being offered very low price.\"The district administration wants to mint money from private company and is threatening villagers,\" alleged Congress MLA from Sirhind, Kuljit Nagra. He also alleged that the government has not issued any notification to acquire land.Fatehgarh Sahib deputy commissioner Yashvir Mahajan said they had removed the Granth Sahib with due respect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "suart", "code": "12658246", "title": "Valsadi hafoos for foreign shelves?", "text": "SUART: The famous Valsadi hafoos (alphonsos) and kesars will soon dot the fruit shelves of the world's largest retailer, Wal-Mart.Valsad, which is popular for its alphonso and kesar varieties across the world, especially in the US, has become a favoured destination for Wal-Mart to directly source organic mangoes from orchards.Wal-Mart, through its Indian joint venture Bharti Wal-Mart Private Limited, has decided to foray into the region on a big scale to provide export market access to the mango farmers of Valsad.A spokesperson of Bharti-Walmart confirmed the move.\"We are looking at engaging the mango farmers of Valsad for the direct sourcing of alphonso and kesar from the region. A meeting in this connection was organised with the horticulture department and the farmers,\" the spokesperson told TOI.Horticulture department officials said Bharti Wal-Mart representatives had visited Valsad a few days ago to meet farmers cultivating these mangoes organically.C D Chaudhary, deputy director of horticulture (Valsad district), told TOI, \"The company wants to directly source organic mangoes from Valsad. This is for the first time that the mango farmers of Valsad have been directly approached by the giant retailer.\"Chaudhary said primary survey carried out by the department recently suggested there are a total 100 organic mango orchards cultivating alphonso and kesar in the talukas like Valsad, Pardi, Umbergaon, Dharampur and Kaprada.A total of 1,400 metric tonnes of these two varieties are cultivated in a season.\"The mangoes sourced directly from the farmers here will be put up for sale in its Easyday stores in India as well as the Walmart stores across the world,\" said Chaudhary.There are about 100 organic mango orchards cultivating", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12651441", "title": "Won't compromise with people's emotions: Aamir Khan", "text": "Aamir Khan is known for his perfection as he believes in doing everything from his heart. When all big Bollywood stars made their television debut with game and dance reality shows, Aamir chose a different route.The actor who loves to connect with the common people thought of something unique that will involve everybody. \"The show is for everyone. It's an effort to understand ourselves, to make our lives better. The show gave me a chance to connect with common people from different states and cities,\" he said.Aamir unveiled the theme song Tera rang aisa... The song has been written by Prasoon Joshi and composed by Ram Sampath. It has been shot by Ram Madhwani. Speaking about the song he said, \"I wanted a romantic song because I have love in my heart for my country, like every Indian. The song is so beautiful; the lyrics will make you fall in love.\" He further informed that each episode will have a song.He revealed that he has been working on this show since past few years and shot just 13 episodes of Satyameva Jayate as of now. Aamir delayed his forthcoming films like Talaash and Dhoom 3 for the show.He also informed that the same channel earlier had offered him to host a game show but he chose something closer to his heart. \"Television is a powerful medium and I wanted to use it properly. I have taken a route which I understand. I am an entertainer. I am doing things which are close to my heart, things I enjoy the most without compromising with people's emotions,\" said Aamir.The show will be dubbed in all regional languages and will be telecast on Doordarshan at the same time. Satyameva Jayate will be an hour's show and will be aired on every Sunday at 11 a.m.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12658886", "title": "Citizen shield for mangroves today", "text": "MUMBAI: Fed up of writing to authorities to wake up and take steps to curb the alarming loss of mangroves, residents of the posh Seawoods Estate in Navi Mumbai have decided to take things in their own hands now. A large number of residentswill volunteer for 'shramdaan' on Saturday between 8 and 10am to clear the debris from the holding pond adjoining the estate.Residents believe that systematic dumping of debris in the area has resulted in destruction of mangroves. They admit having caught truck drivers dumping debris on numerous occasions. The pond has almost dried up due to artificial bunds created by unidentified persons to block tidal waters from the creek. Due to lack of water, the mangroves along the pond are fast drying up.Residents have written to the state urban development ministry, state environment ministry, CIDCO and Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) on several occasions in the past but to no avail.\"We can't wait endlessly for authorities to do something . More than 100 residentswill gather near the pond on Saturday morning and clear debris to ensure that water reaches the mangroves,\" said resident Vinod Punshi. Since the mangrove cover and level of water in the holding pond is depleting, the number of birds including flamingos visiting the area too has dropped. CIDCO has maintained that the area is a low-lying zone reserved for development and only gives an impression of a water body as it is filled with rain water. However , a test conducted at a reputed laboratory recently confirmed that the water in the pond is saline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12656840", "title": "Weekend pleasant, rain likely", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the mercury started its upward trend on Thursday, Delhiites started preparing for the summer heat to make a comeback. Friday morning, however, arrived with its own surprise package. A cloudy day with wind speed touching 60 kmph in central Delhi brought down the maximum temperature to a highly pleasant 29.7 degrees Celsius, six degrees below normal.The better is that the weekend is likely to be even better with Saturday predicted to have rain in parts of the city. \"Till Wednesday, the city was under the influence of a western disturbance and a strong circulation had formed over parts of northwest India due to the massive heating in the past week. On Friday, a fresh WD was affecting north Pakistan and adjoining Jammu and Kashmir. WD gave rise to another cyclonic circulation over north Rajasthan that brought about the second change in weather within this week,\" said R K Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met. The circulation that was over Rajasthan on Friday is likely to move over Delhi on Saturday. \"Saturday is expected to be more cloudy and there is a strong possibility of rain over many areas. The cloudy weather will continue at least till Sunday morning,\" said a Met official.The city recorded 0.4 mm rainfall in 24 hours till 8.30am and trace rainfall in the next 12 hours. The wind speed touched 90kmph in south. The minimum temperature was 23.3 degrees Celsius, three degrees above normal, due to the dense cloud cover in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hong kong", "code": "12663794", "title": "Microsoft\u2019s China head quits", "text": "HONG KONG: Microsoft Corp, the world's biggest software maker, reshuffled top executives at its European and Chinese operations, after the company said Simon Leung quit as chief executive of the greater China region.Leung is leaving for \"personal and family reasons,\" and will be replaced by Ralph Haupter, currently vice-president at Microsoft Germany, the company said in a statement today. Gordon Frazer, managing director of Microsoft UK, will take over as chief operating officer for greater China from Michel van der Bel, who is moving into Frazer's UK role, it said.Haupter, a former executive at International Business Machines Corp, will lead Microsoft's efforts to combat software piracy and boost sales of Windows Phone smartphones in China, the world's second-biggest economy. Almost four out of five computer programs used in China are pirated, according to data from the Business Software Alliance.\"China represents an unprecedented opportunity for growth across the breadth of our business,\" Jean-Philippe Courtois, president of Microsoft International, said in the statement. Haupter will report to Courtois, Microsoft said.Leung will leave his position at the end of the month, and will serve as an adviser until August, Charles Shen, a Microsoft spokesman in Beijing , said by telephone today.The percentage of software in China that is pirated dropped to 78 per cent in 2010, the Business Software Alliance said in its annual report in May last year. The annual commercial value of software pirated in the country was $7.78 billion, according to the group.The greater China region covers mainland China, Taiwan and Hong Kong, according to Microsoft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12658120", "title": "Gurukul brings ray of hope to Latehar", "text": "DALTONGANJ: A home for orphans and other deprived children called Gurukul has been started in Latehar. A brain child of local DC Rahul Purwar, the name Gurukul was chosen to keep in mind the sentiments of all people in the Maoist-hit area.\"Some were brought straight from the private bus stand where there just a dark future awaited them. Some were brought here by distant relatives. As these children will grow up in a new surrounding, there will be medical backup,\" said Purwar, adding that the privileged were also lending a helping hand.There are 127 children, including 52 girls and 75 boys, in the Gurukul at present. Most of them have single parents. Tribal kid Chintu Parhaiyya, a class V student, has come here from Herhunj and will get the books for his studies at Gurukul.\"My parents are no more. Life for me is difficult. The mukhiya of Herhunj brought me here. It is a different world here altogether. I want to make my presence in the world felt,\" said Parhaiya. Poonam Kumari, another student who has lost her father, said, \"My mother brought me here. But here I get love and care.\" Another student Soni was brought to Gurukul from Daltonganj by her mother, who could not cope up with the rising prices and the hard task of upbringing her daughter by herself. Sources said the secure and safe atmosphere in Gurukul has led to girls in large numbers to come to the place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12660807", "title": "20-yr-old Indian-American shot dead in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: A 20-year-old Indian-American has been shot dead in Fremont, California, sending shock waves in the community.Rohit Sharma , who migrated to the US from Jalandhar along with his parents some seven year ago, was shot in the head while standing in a driveway of his apartment complex in Fremont, California on April 5, police said.He was pronounced dead at Regional Medical Center of San Jose. The reason for his killing is not clear yet.The Fremont Police this week released the sketch of a suspect, who has been described as a black male in his 20's, wearing a white t-shirt and earings in both ears.Rahul was working toward his GED at the Fremont school district's Adult and Continuing Education programme.\"My son was a good boy who wanted to go to school and do good things,\" said his mother, Davinder Sharma, in an emailed statement from the family to the Jan Jose Mercury News.His services were held yesterday.Rahul was living with his parents Pran Sharma, mother Davinder Sharma, two sisters Mehak (18) and Deepti (22) and a one-year-old brother.In a statement, the North American Punjabi Association condemned the murder and demanded a high-level inquiry into it.Association president Satnam Singh Chahal said that racial discrimination towards the Punjabi community exists throughout the US and people from community were facing racial discrimination and such attacks there every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12658330", "title": "Fresh summons to Alagiri, kin in land row", "text": "MADURAI: District collector U Sagayam has sent fresh summons to Union chemicals and fertilisers minister M K Alagiri to appear before him in connection with the allegation that he and his family members damaged irrigation channels and destroyed cultivable wet land to construct a college in the outskirts of the city.Alagiri and his family members have been asked by Sagayam to appear in person or send their representative on April 20 to answer queries relating to the allegation. This is the third summon Sagayam has sent to Alagiri and his family members.Soon after the AIADMK government assumed charge and crackdown of land grabbers began, Sagayam sent a summon to the DMK strongman and his family members on September 6, 2011 based on a complaint from M Ramalingam, a farmer from Sivarakottai situated on the outskirts of the city. Alagiri challenged the summons in the high court bench at Madurai and the court questioned the collector on the rationale of giving detailed findings in the notice and also termed his observations as irrelevant. Subsequently, the additional advocate general representing the collector submitted in the court that the notice was being withdrawn.Again on December 23, Sagayam sent another summon-cum-show-cause notice to Alagiri, founder and president of M K Alagiri Educational Trust, his wife Kanthi Alagiri and A Dhayanithi, who are functionaries of the trust to appear before him on January 4.Alagiri's counsel R Janakiramulu appeared before the collector on that day and gave explanations denying the allegations. Janakiramulu, on his part also demanded certain documents from the district administration including the petition of Ramalingam to respond to the allegations. Now, Sagayam has issued fresh summons seeking more explanation.Ramalingam had charged that the members of the trust had destroyed cultivable land and damaged irrigation sources for the construction of Dhaya Engineering College at Sivarakottai. Ramalingam has also filed a writ petition praying for restoration of irrigation sources.The district administration too sent an official team to verify the allegations and concluded that there was prima facie case. \"Field bothies intended for the purpose of cultivation were found destroyed and flow of water to their wet lands obstructed on account of construction of buildings for the above said college,\" Sagayam had said in the previous summon issued on December 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12656533", "title": "DMRC to submit report on monorail before June 15", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will submit a detailed project report on the proposed Kozhikode monorail project to the state government before June 15, said E Sreedharan, former DMRC managing director, here on Friday.A high-level meeting chaired by chief minister Oommen Chandy will be held in Thiruvananthapuram on April 27 to take policy decisions on the project.The meeting will be attended by the ministers and the department heads concerned.Sreedharan was talking to reporters here after inaugurating the DMRC project office for the Kozhikode monorail project.He said the corporation, which had already completed the field survey, was now undertaking the land survey. The designing of the station of the Rs 1,750 crore project is in progress. Sreedharan added that environmental clearance for the project was of great significance and that DMRC had already commenced the environmental study.\"For monorails, train sets are very important and civil engineering of the monorail depends on the train sets,\" said Sreedharan.Malaysia-based Scomi Group, German firm Bombardier and Japanese firm Itachi are the main suppliers of train sets in the world. An international tender will be floated to select the company that will supply train sets.Preparatory works of the project have commenced. Sreedharan said as per DMRC estimates, on a day 1.3 lakh people would be able to travel on the monorail once it starts service. There will be 15 stops in the first phase.V K Ibrahim Kunju, minister for public works, said steps were underway to form a company under the chairmanship of the chief minister for the construction of the m0onorail.There won't be any need to acquire much land for the project as most of the land required belongs to the public works department. Land would need to be acquired for the construction of the stations, however.\"The government is considering the option of availing 50% of the project cost from the country that would be supplying train sets. Union and state governments will share 25% of the cost,\" said M K Muneer, minister for panchayats and social welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12656527", "title": "Mixed response to RTE ruling in city", "text": "GURGAON: The Supreme Court's decision to uphold the constitutional validity of the Right to Education Act, 2009 has evoked a mixed response from the city schools. A majority of the schools still seem to be in denial mode and most of the schools TOI contacted declined to comment.The private schools' association plans to have a meeting in the days to come to discuss the future course of action. \"The ruling is just going to ruin the education system in the country. The reason why private schools came up is primarily because the government schools failed to deliver what they were supposed to. It's a fact that we provide better education. However, the ruling will certainly put unnecessary pressure on us since we will now have to deal with the interference of the government administration,\" said Col Pratap Singh, senior vice-president, Independent Schools Federation of India.\"Now we will not be able to dedicate the time required to impart quality education since every government official will come to us wielding a stick and our time, energy and resources will get diverted. The parents too will have to bear the brunt,\" Singh added.District education officer (DEO) Manoj Kaushik, however, insists that the government will provide all the support to implement the Act. \"We have been extending all the support to the private schools and will continue to do so. All private schools will have to implement the court order,\" said Kaushik.Sudha Rajamohan, principal, GEMS International School said, \"Obviously, there will be hindrances in the implementation of the decision. Since ours is a new school, we have not had any such application this year but as and when we receive them, we will provide admission.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12658719", "title": "Model held in \u2018murder\u2019 plot", "text": "MUMBAI: The probe into the killing of Delhi-based business consultant Arunkumar Tikku has opened a can of worms. The three arrested suspects in the case were charged, and a small-time model taken into custody, on Friday for 'kidnapping' a young aspiring producer 'with the intention of murder'.Karankumar Kakkar, a 28-year-old resident of Oberoi Springs in Andheri (West), was last heard from on March 5. His Delhi-based family filed a missing complaint with the Amboli police on March 11 and even suggested the possible involvement of Vijay Palande-who is also the main accused in the Arunkumar murder case-and his model flatmate Simran Sood. The police did not however act with alacrity. They finally took the family's suspicions seriously after Palande's arrest for Arunkumar's killing. It was then that they started investigating if Palande had killed anyone else to usurp their properties or possessions. Kakkar's newly purchased BMW car is also missing, his family said.\"We booked Palande and Simran along with two others (Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh) for kidnapping with intention to murder of Kakkar,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone-9) Pratap Dighavkar said. \"We have also registered a separate cheating and forgery case against Palande for using fake documents to rent an apartment at Oberoi Springs in Andheri (West).\"The police are simultaneously investigating the cars Palande used. A Mercedes he possessed, officers said, could be stolen and its licence plate fake. And a Mahindra Xylo he held belongs to a Nitin Bhosale of Bhiwandi. The second vehicle was found in the compound of Samarth Angan society, where Arunkumar was discovered murdered. It is believed that the killers-Shinde and Gajkosh-initially planned to use the Xylo to dispose of Arunkumar's body.Originally from Delhi, Kakkar moved to Mumbai in 2009 with aspirations of becoming a producer. He rented an apartment last year at Oberoi Springs and ended up meeting Simran. The model lived in the same society with Palande, who went by the alias Karan Sood. Officers said Simran introduced Kakkar to Palande and they became friendly.In February this year, Kakkar bought a used BMW car for Rs 35 lakh. And on March 5, he texted a friend, saying that Palande intended to put him in touch with an investor who was willing to give him Rs 3.5 crore for starting a production house. He also mentioned that Palande appeared to manage politicians' black money. The same night, Kakkar's Delhi-based family found his mobile switched off for the first time.When the cellphone did not get switched on for a few days, Kakkar's family travelled to Mumbai. They found Kakkar's Andheri apartment locked and the 28-year-old and his BMW car missing. The family made enquiries in the society and were told of Kakkar's association with Palande and Simran. They finally filed a missing complaint at Amboli police station on March 11.When the police did not respond with seriousness, the family searched for clues on its own. Going through Kakkar's bank transactions, they found that his card had been used after March 5 for shopping and at a petrol pump. On March 14, they obtained CCTV footage from a mall where the card had been used. It showed Palande and Shinde shopping with the card, Kakkar's family said.On March 17, a friend, who had been trying Kakkar's phone continually, finally got through. The person on the other end told the friend that he found the phone in the toilet of Vaishali Express. The phone was handed over to the railway police in Delhi. Disheartened by the police's unhelpfulness, the family returned to the capital at the end of the month but, while going through the phone, found SMS confirmations of post-March 5 bank transactions.On April 10, Kakkar's neighbours in Andheri rang up the family to relay news of Palande's arrest in Arunkumar's murder. The custody of Palande, Shinde and Gajkosh was handed to Oshiwara police on Wednesday for interrogation. While doing that, the Oshiwara police also called Simran for questioning. That is when Amboli police started to inquire about her role in Kakkar's disappearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12652043", "title": "Emraan Hashmi wants a paunch!", "text": "The smooch king of Bollywood is busy getting his makeover for a forthcoming film directed by Dibakar Banerjee. The actor is gaining weight and is totally going unrecognized by even people close to him!Emraan revealed, \"This character is extremely different and nothing like what I have done before. I have to look totally different and fat! I won't be wearing a fat suit but gain weight instead. I lost weight for 'Once Upon A Time in Mumbai' and now I have to get fatter.\"Looks like Emraan has been inspired by his co-star of Dirty Picture Vidya Balan !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657437", "title": "High court notice over proposed merger of cooperative banks", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday issued notice to authorities after a PIL challenged the proposed merger of the Kalupur Commercial Co-operative Bank Ltd with Surat's Udhna Citizen Co-operative Bank Ltd.The HC sought reply from the Centre, the Reserve Bank of India, the co-operative registrar and banks' authorities within a week's time on petitioner Consumer Protection and Analytic Committee's plea.The petition filed by Vishwas and Masoom Shah contended that there is no provision in the Gujarat Co-operative Societies Act, 1961 for such merger of two co-operative banks. It was argued that the co-operative registrar is not empowered to sanction the amalgamation or transfer of assets and liabilities of a cooperative bank that is registered under the act with another bank that is registered with another law - Multi State Co-operative Law. Udhna bank is registered under the state law, while the Kalupur bank is registered under the multi-state co-operative law.Since the merger is beyond the scheme and design of state's co-operative laws, the authorities should be restrained from merging one bank in the other. The petitioner also sought an interim stay on the proposed merger.The state government strongly opposed the PIL stating that the petitioner claimed to have known about the proposed merger from a newspaper report. The petitioner cannot challenge any action on part of the authority, which has not taken place at all.The HC will hear the issue further on next Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12658923", "title": "Now, its mission \u2018free Hikaka\u2019", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Italian national Bosusco Paolo's release by one group of Maoists on Thursday brought the curtain half down over the hostage crisis in Odisha. But the Naveen Patnaik government is far from relaxed with ruling party MLA still in the captivity of another group of Red rebels. And they have put forth tougher conditions to free him.Officials here said now that one chapter of the hostage drama that attracted international attention is over, the government would find time to concentrate on the release of BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka. The kidnapping of the first-time legislator on March 23 night by Maoists belonging to Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) in his constituency would not have portrayed the government in poor light but for the post-panchayat election alliance BJD had with Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangathan (CMAS), a frontal organization of the CPI(Maoist). The chief minister has since faced flak from several quarters, including opposition parties, for joining hands with the CMAS.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Thursday once again appealed to the Maoists to release the MLA 'unharmed'. He said this on receiving news about Paolo's release after 29 days. \"The state government is very relieved. The Italian ambassador spoke to me and said he is also relieved. I appeal to Maoists to release the MLA unharmed,\" Naveen said. Two cadres of Sabyasachi Panda's outfit, Odisha State Organising Committee (OSOC), handed over Paolo to Dandapani Mohanty, one of their mediators, at a place in Kandhamal's Raikia in the wee hours of Thursday.Sources said the government views the AOBSZC conditions for Hikaka's release as not feasible. But it is hopeful that some solution would soon emerge to defuse the situation. Officials hinted that Dandapani Mohanty could now be entrusted the task of getting the 37-year-old Hikaka freed. It is no secret that AOBSZC and Panda (heading Odisha State Organising Committee) are bitter rivals. But Mohanty is seen in the official circle as a better intermediary as he is close to Panda and also advisor to CMAS. He reportedly played a major role in effecting the BJD-CMAS alliance for helping the ruling party grab power in the Koraput zilla parishad elections.Though Mohanty replied in the negative to queries from mediapersons on Thursday about his future role in Hikaka's release, officials said the government would most likely use his seemingly influence on the AOBSZC via CMAS. The Maoists have announced they want Hikaka's wife to come to Balipeta, in CMAS heartland of Narayanpatna, in Koraput district, along with all the 30 prisoners and two mediators to appear in the praja court, before taking her husband.Senior officials here ruled out allowing anyone from Hikaka's family to visit Balipeta. \"The government considering the gravity of the situation has already taken a lenient view of their demands. But it will not succumb to taking the released prisoners to Balipeta praja court, let alone allowing the MLA's wife to go over there,\" said a senior official. \"We are exploring the possibility of opening a back channel negotiation, including taking the help of Dandapani Mohanty, to persuade the Maoists to give up the praja court condition,\" the sources said.Hikaka's family is also reluctant to go to Balipeta. \"None from the family will go to Balipeta. We hope the Maoists understand the anguish and pain of the MLA's parents, wife and children and release him at the earliest,\" Hikaka's personal assistant Himansu Sekhar Sahu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657252", "title": "Bail granted to Vijay Sai", "text": "HYDERABAD: Special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma of the CBI court on Friday granted bail to V Vijay Sai Reddy , accused number two in the YS Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case.The judge granted bail on the condition that Vijay Sai, who was released from Chanchalguda prison, should not leave Hyderabad and surrender his passport to the CBI court. He should appear before the CBI as and when the probe agency summons him. And, finally Vijay Sai was asked to furnish two sureties worth Rs 25,000 each.The judge in his order wondered how CBI had left the owner of the company or the accused number one to arrest only Vijay Sai who was the chartered accountant at the company. As auditor, the main charge he faces is over his role in inflating the value of the prices of the company's share, the judge said. He has been in jail for the last 100 days and, the judge said that the chargesheet had been hurriedly filed with the motive of denying bail to Vijay Sai.In a separate development, senior IAS officer BP Acharya, accused number one in the Emaar scam, filed a bail plea in the court on Friday. The bail plea of mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy, the prime accused in the OMC illegal mining case, was posted to April 25. Senior counsel Ram Jethmalani argued his case. The judicial remand of Acharya, Vijay Raghava and Sunil Reddy has been extended to April 18. The remand of Gali Janardhan Reddy, BV Srinivas Reddy, Srilakshmi and Rajagopal will now run till April 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12658248", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation set on revising licence fee, shop rent", "text": "INDORE: Unfazed by criticism for proposing hike in rent and license fee for shops, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has decided to go ahead with conducting survey of markets before finalizing the hike. The report, which is expected to be ready within a couple of weeks, will be presented before the Mayor-in-Council for its decision over the new structure of rent and license fee.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said the rent has not been revised in the past 25 years, despite appreciation in value of properties across the city over a period of time.\"Real estate prices in the city have gone through the roof, but tenants have been paying rents fixed some 25 years back,\" said the Mayor. He said that in some areas, the IMC was getting peanuts, even as private property owners were charging up to Rs 50,000 per month rent for a small shop. \"The objective is to bridge the gap between the government rates and those prevalent in the market.During the survey, the civic official will check whether the shops were being run by the original tenant or not. \"If the shops were found to be sub-let then licenses of those whom the shops have been allotted are liable to be cancelled,\" said an official requesting anonymity, adding that the civic body will take possession of the shops that are not being used.In the current financial year, IMC is expecting to collect a revenue of over Rs 300 crore. Sources in the IMC maintained that the target set during the budget can be achieved only after tapping the hitherto untapped revenue sources.\"Property tax is the main source of revenue for the IMC. But from this fiscal year onwards, the civic body wants to widen its revenue base and increase collections from rent and licenses,\" said sources.Leader of Opposition Abhay Verma protested the hike but advocated imposing of tax on star cabs and star buses for displaying advertisement posters on their vehicles. \"Star cabs and star buses are earning good amount of money by displaying posters on their vehicles. IMC should also get its share,\" Verma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad/guntur", "code": "12657142", "title": "Superintendent of Police in a spot for midnight calls to techie's estranged wife", "text": "HYDERABAD/GUNTUR: IPS officer S Syam Sundar has landed in trouble for taking a little too much interest in a dowry harassment case. Following a writ petition filed by a software professional alleging that Syam Sundar, an IPS officer of the 2005 batch and presently working as urban SP of Guntur, is romantically involved with his estranged wife, the AP high court has ordered the authorities to probe the matter.After admitting the write plea of Kotha Karthik, Justice R Subhash Reddy, in his order on Thursday, asked the authorities to probe whether the several calls the SP had made to Karthik's estranged wife Yadlapalli Gopipriya at odd hours between January 1 and March 20, 2012, were in connection with the investigation in the dowry harassment case. \"We pleaded with the court that the SP's clandestine relationship be brought out. Let the CID probe the entire matter,\" Karthik's counsel B Purushottam Reddy said.Syam Sundar was transferred to Warangal as urban SP in the IPS officers' shuffle on Friday evening.Gopipriya had filed the dowry harassment case (on December 16, 2011) in the fifth additional junior civil judge court in Guntur against Karthik and his family after the latter filed a case in a family court in September 2011 seeking divorce. Such cases are usually handed by CI or SI or SHO level rank officials. However, Syam Sundar seems to have taken the matter into his own hands as is evident from the call list details put out by Karthik. The couple got married in 2009 and has been living separately for the last one year. Karthik engaged a private detective agency to get the call list, sources said.The IPS officer made 166 calls to Gopipriya in 80 days starting January 1. Each call lasted about 30 minutes and the calls were usually made between midnight and 2 am. As many as 53 calls were made by Syam Sundar from his residence No 0863-2352100 to Gopipriya's No 8885555522, 61 calls from his official mobile No 9491067800, 26 calls from his office No 2333222 and another 26 calls from camp office No 2234222. In return, he received nearly 226 calls from Gopipriya. \"In all, they exchanged 1,944 SMSs and made 582 calls,\" Purushottam said.Syam Sundar's late-night conversations point to a relationship between the two, allege many social activists and concerned citizens. Lawyer and social activist A Sanjeev Reddy said that they were petitioning the inspector general of police to take stringent against the IPS officer. \"Why should he involve himself in a matrimonial dispute,\" he asked. He said in cases of matrimonial matters, it is essential that two women constables and lawyers from both sides are present with the concerned parties when the issue is addressed. \"It is therefore strange that the SP took it upon himself to have lengthy midnight conversations with the woman, who has filed a case,\" he said.Karthik's counsel said where was the need for the SP to call up a complainant in the middle of the night. \"How can he justify his actions? He has a lot of answering to do,\" he said. The lawyer said the civil judge court forwarded the dowry case probe to Arundalpet PS but the SP managed to shift it to the women police station to `fix' Karthik and his family members who, however, had managed to secure an anticipatory bail.BJP mahila leader Sridevi alleged that the SP was trying to frame Karthik by getting personally involved in the case. The complainant in his writ plea charged that Syam Sundar had visited his wife several times in his personal car to his in-laws' residence at Koritipadu in Arundalpet police station limits. Sources said after filing the case under section 498A against Karthik, his father Hariprasad, IT deputy commissioner in Kolkata, mother and grandmother, Gopipriya met the SP at a grievance day programme and developed a friendship with him. Her father Nagamalleshwar Rao, however, said that it was he who had made the calls to the SP after receiving `threatening calls.' He also claimed that the calls were made from his son's mobile and not Priya's. But he was evasive as to why they didn't file a complaint on the threatening calls.Gopipriya, meanwhile, has denied the allegations of any affair with Syam Sunder. She said she had met him only on January 26. She added that she will fight it out.IG Harish Kumar Gupta said they were gathering all details and would send a report to the government after conducting an internal enquiry. Syam Sundar, who is currently on leave, rushed back to Hyderabad after he was summoned by director general of police Dinesh Reddy. His wife Minu works as assistant engineer in Kerala State Electricity Board and they have a six-month-old baby daughter.Syam Sundar is reputed to be a straight forward but hot-headed officer. He was earlier involved in a dispute with rural SP A Ravichandra over allocation of the official bungalow and use of the official car. He broke the nameplate of Ravichandra before entering the bungalow and threw away all the files relating to the rural district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "fazilka", "code": "12656854", "title": "Trade talk brings hope for Golden Track", "text": "FAZILKA: Punjab government's demand of re-opening Ferozepur and Fazilka border for trade and transit with Pakistan has rekindled hope among residents of these border districts for revival of trade activities.The re-opening of pre-partition rail link between Ludhiana and Karachi, popularly known as Golden Track, could change the fortunes of these border districts in particular and could also give considerably boost to trade activity in Punjab and northern India.The Golden Track, which ran between Ludhiana and Karachi via Ferozepur and Fazilka, was the most economically viable and shortest route on which trade activity flourished in pre-partition days as Karachi and Ludhiana were the hub of industry and trade in those days too. All the towns en route this rail link also contributed in a major way. Fazilka was one of the largest wool and cotton markets of the northern region in those days. Its trade activities extended up to erstwhile Burma (now Myanmar ) and Liverpool in England through this route.This 1,000-km-long rail track was set up by the East India Company. The Indian raw material was transported through this rail link to Europe, Middle East, and Gulf countries. The areas surrounding Ludhiana, Ferozerpur, Fazilka (now in India) and Amruka, Samarsatta, Minchanabad, Hyderabad to Karachi port (now in Pakistan), which fall along this track, flourished. With the partition of the country, the link was snapped and it had a telling effect on the economy of these places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "12658741", "title": "Woman dies of H1N1 in Davanagere", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Yashodhamma, 45, a resident of Vinobanagar here, has died of H1N1 , according to district health officer (DHO) Dr Sumitra Devi.Yashodhamma was admitted to Bapuji hospital here on April 3 following symptoms of high fever. She failed to respond to the treatment and died on Sunday.Her blood samples sent for analysis to a Bangalore hospital confirmed on Thursday that she was suffering from H1N1, the DHO said on Friday.Meanwhile, a 16-year-old girl under Kattige primary health centre in Honnali taluk of Davanagere district is also suffering from H1N1. She has been shifted to Kasturba Hospital in Manipal, the DHO said.A survey is being conducted throughout the district to find out H1N1-affected patients for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12657827", "title": "Three women rescued", "text": "PUNE: The social security cell of the crime branch raided a house on Thursday and rescued three women, including two Bangladeshis, who were forced into prostitution. The police team led by senior inspector Bhanupratap Barge also arrested two youths - Rahul Patil (23) of Kalewadi and Tapan Mandal (23) from West Bengal. Barge said that constable Ashok Takalkar has received a tip about two youths involved in a sex racket. They used to hire women from other states and forced them into prostitution. \"We raided a house in Kalewadi and rescued three women. Two of them were from Bangladesh ,\" Barge said.A case under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA) has been registered at the Sangvi police station. On Wednesday, Barge's team had arrested Laxman Lalwani (38) of Nadenagar in Kalewadi for allegedly running a sex racket. \"We had received a tip-off that Lalwani was forcing women from Kalewadi and Pimpri into prostitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12657935", "title": "Maharashtra Times property show", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Times property show, Pune, will be held on April 14 and 15 at Sakhar Sankul, Shivajinagar, from 10 am to 8 pm.The Maharashtra Times property show will help prospective buyers check a wide range of offerings starting from budget homes to luxurious projects consisting of flats/bungalow plots.More than 35 projects in different locations in and around Pune will be displayed in the exhibition.People will also have an opportunity to meet and interact with the developers during the two-day exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12662720", "title": "Hansika's OKOK a hit!", "text": "Hansika's first Tamil film of 2012 has gone on to become a big hit! Released just yesterday, the movie OKOK, directed by Rajesh is running housefull across screens in Tamil Nadu. The laugh riot stars Udhayanidhi, who's making his debut, Hansika and ace comedian Santhanam.Tell Hansika she's done a great job in this comic flick and she says, \"\"Thank you so much. I am slo glad the audience is enjoying it.\"\" She adds that she's overwhelmed with the response to the film. Now she's even being hailed as Kutti Khushbu! Santhanam is a complete laughter machine in this flick and Udhay and she are the perfect foil to him.In fact, the actress is so touched by the appreciation her fans have shown her and she's flying down to Chennai for a day to meet and greet them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12660623", "title": "Facebook acquires app developer Tagtile", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook Inc is acquiring the team of developers behind customer-loyalty application Tagtile, adding to its expertise in mobile software.\"We're happy to confirm that Tagtile's founders are joining Facebook, and that Facebook is acquiring substantially all of the company's assets,\" Menlo Park , California-based Facebook said today in an e-mailed statement. Financial terms weren't disclosed.The world's largest social-networking service is bolstering its talent pool in preparation to take the company public this year. The Tagtile deal follows Facebook's $1 billion planned acquisition of mobile photo app Instagram , announced earlier this week.The co-founders of San Francisco startup Tagtile, Abheek Anand and Soham Mazumdar, are engineers with experience working at VMware Inc and Google Inc, according to their website.Facebook also announced today that businesses can send people coupons that consumers then print out or redeem using mobile phones.The company is preparing to raise $5 billion in its initial public offering, which would the biggest internet IPO ever. Facebook will be valued at as much as $100 billion in the stock sale, people familiar with the matter have said.Technology blog TechCrunch previously reported the Tagtile acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12664352", "title": "Case to confiscate properties of BJP MLA", "text": "PATNA: The state vigilance bureau has filed a case in the designated vigilance court for the confiscation of the properties of BJP MLA Sonelal Hembrum which is alleged to be disproportionate to his known source of income. The lone scheduled tribe MLA in Bihar assembly had amassed these properties when he was a government servant and retired from excise department in 2002.The case was filed in the vigilance court on Friday and apart from Hembrum his six relatives have also been made party to the case. The properties found as disproportionate, amount to Rs 25 lakh during his service from 1972 to 1997. It includes a house in Patna and plots of land in Ranchi. The move for confiscation of the properties has been made as per the section 13 of the Bihar Special Courts Act, 2009 under which so far two housing properties of one IAS officer and a treasury assistant have been confiscated and turned into schools for underprivileged children.\"I wonder what inspired the vigilance to move the court against me. The Income Tax commissioner and the tribunal had passed order in my favour,\" Hemrbum said.If convicted by the vigilance court, he will be the first politician to join the club of corrupt officials whose assets have been confiscated or ordered to be confiscated in graft and DA cases in the last few months. The case of Hembrum goes back to 1997, during RJD regime, when the IT sleuths raided his office and residential premises. \"Nothing except Rs 24,000 was found during the raid but the IT deputy commissioner passed an order against me ,\" he said.Hembrum said before joining the BJP also while filing statement before the Election Commission he had mentioned about this case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12656838", "title": "Dhule woman dies of swine flu in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A 23-year-old pregnant women from Dhule, who was undergoing treatment at the JJ Hospital in Mumbai after testing positive for H1N1, passed away on Thursday. The death highlights the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC) laxity in maintaining surveillance; though the patient died at 11.30am on Thursday, the civic body was in the dark for 24 hours.Dean of JJ Hospital, Dr T P Lahane, said the woman was admitted to the hospital on Tuesday. \"She was in the eighth month of her pregnancy. She was in a critical condition and on life support when she was brought to us,\" he said. The patient was undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Dhule, where, according to state officials, she was already put on Tamiflu.\"She had developed acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and was also suffering from pneumonia. Both her lungs were affected by a condition called bilateral pneumonia,\" said Dr Shailesh Jadhav, professor and head of unit, medicine, JJ Hospital. A day before she died, she delivered a stillborn child, said doctors. Her deteriorating health prompted gynaecologists to induce labour. The foetus was already dead,\" said Lahane.All medical personnel who treated her have been put on Tamiflu as a precaution.Her H1N1 reports, which showed that she had tested positive for the influenza virus, reached the hospital only around 5.30pm on Thursday, six hours after her death. Civic authorities claimed that they were kept in the dark about the case till Friday. Lahane, however, said the BMC's health department was informed about the death on Thursday itself.Executive health officer Dr Anil Bandivadekar said that \"technically it was not a Mumbai death\". \"If the patient is from Mumbai, hospitals are supposed to keep us in the loop as we have to check the relatives and those in the vicinity for any kind of infection. But otherwise, hospitals have a window of 24 hours to inform us,\" he said.The victim's family claimed the body and left for Dhule on Thursday itself. State epidemiologist Dr Pradeep Awate said that in the last two months also, the virus has claimed the lives of 18 people across Maharashtra. \"Pregnant women belong to the high-risk group. We advise anyone with the slightest of symptoms to go and see a specialist,\" he said. This also happens to be the first H1N1 death to be reported from Dhule.State records 18 H1N1 deaths in 2 monthsYear--------Deaths in Mumbai2009-10---------- 302010-11------------392011- 12------------0Positive cases in MumbaiYear--------Cases2009--10--- 1,7612010-11-------8452011-12**--------14* Though the patient died at J J Hospital, it has been not recorded as a Mumbai death** As of April 13, 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12657826", "title": "RTE reservations: Another paper tiger?", "text": "PANAJI: From implementation of full-day schooling to integrating Class V with the primary section and notification of the state rules, Goa's record of bringing into force provisions of the Right to Education Act, 2009, has not been very encouraging so far for one reason or the other.On Thursday, the Supreme Court upheld the constitutional validity of the Right to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act of the central government and its provision which calls for 25% reservation of seats for poor children up to the age of 14 in government and private aided and unaided schools (except unaided minority schools) uniformly across the country. The students from economically backward sections will have to be provided education free of cost with some financial help for the schools from the state and central government. The state government so far, does not have any statistics on the number of economically backward students in the state.But going by Goa's track record in RTE's implementation there is every possibility that this provision too might take a while to spring to life from its existence on paper.While in most other states the worry is whether fees of the rest of the students in the school will be raised to meet the expenses of the 25% students, in Goa, the problem is more basic-of bringing the provision into force.\"In terms of a rise in fees for other students, the decision will affect only private schools which already charge huge fees as they will have to accommodate 25% of these students without charging any fees. But since it's a Supreme Court decision, no school will be able to refuse implementation. Now, it will all depend on how strictly the state government puts the decision into effect,\" Vinayak Naik, president of the All Goa School Management's Association, said.Vithoba Desai, president of the All Goa School Teachers' Association, was of a similar view. \"The state government will have to frame its RTE rules accordingly to accommodate this provision. The state will now not only have to clearly state the procedure to follow this reservation policy but also define the monitoring system for it to ensure schools are putting it into force. There should be no ifs and buts now in implementation following the Supreme Court upholding the provision.\"Ramesh Gauns, member of the state government council formed for framing an education policy for Goa, said that the decision will give students from poor families a chance to experience learning in schools with high-end facilities.\"Whether the students will be able to cope is a secondary issue. Students from economically backward sections will at least have a choice to enter these new-age hybrid schools and be a part of an entirely different learning experience,\" Gauns said. He added that the provision will help get rid of exclusivity in schools which cater to only students from high-income families.He said that the Goa government is bound to put the provision into force from June this year following the Supreme Court judgment. \"In a class of 50 students, 25% will only mean around eight students, and I think when it is said that fees of other students will be hiked exorbitantly to meet the education cost of the poor students, the fear is only imagined.\"Former South Goa deputy director of education and now manager of Curchorem's Chandrabaga Tukoba High School B G Naik feels that now there is a better chance of poor students being retained in schools.\"I think with the kind of teaching experience offered in private schools, there will be a better possibility that poor students, who used to otherwise easily leave schools after four to five months, will stay longer,\" Naik said.Director of education Anil Powar, speaking to TOI, said, \"The problem of providing admissions only to students from certain backgrounds exists more in urban areas. We will have to study the Supreme Court order when it comes to us. We will have to discuss the order and work out modalities of its implementation and keep it before the state for approval. We have to see how much financial provision the state is able to make to reimburse fees of these poor students to schools.\"Powar said that the state had already issued a circular two years ago, according to which schools are bound to admit students residing within 3km of the school's radius and this has already brought the issue of exclusive schools for students from well-off backgrounds under control in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "12659151", "title": "Assistant Sub Inspector's son leads gang of dacoits", "text": "BANGALORE : He grew up watching his father go up the ranks to become an assistantsub-inspector of police .Butthat didn't deter 20-year-old Vikki G alias Kollegal from realizing his dream of leading a team of dacoits .Vikki, a PU dropout and son of Byappanahalli ASI Govindaraju , put together an eight-member gang, including three minors and a woman , which committed eight offences within a week before the law caught up with them . The offences included dacoities , robberies and an attempt to murder .The five adults of the gang, Vikki, Dinesh alias Dinu 23 , Nagaraj alias Naga 19,Dhanaraj aliasKuruda aliasDhanu and Vanitha Umesh 32 , all residents of MagadiRoad and nearby areas ,were arrested and remanded to judicial custody . The three minors were sent to a remand home , Magadi Road police said . Deputy commissioner of police (west) SN Sidramappa said , \"Vikki and the other accused hitchhiked in a Tata Sumo vehicle near Kengeri . Later , they attackedthedriver , pushedhim outof the car and sped away with the vehicle .\"Heady with this first success, the gang waylaid four software engineers at Savanadurga near Magadi . Vanita Umesh pledged the valuables with reputedfinancefirms , police added .They also attempted to murder a rival gang member near Chandra Layout . Two of the three minors had been debarred from their schoolfor committing thefts.West division police cracked 166 cases , arrested 137 miscreants and recovered booty worth over Rs 2.8 crore .Modus OperandiThe minors would stop vehicles on the highways and ask for a lift. Later, the adults would attack the drivers and loot them. The woman dispose of the booty by pledging gold ornaments with finance companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659132", "title": "Dismissed constable commits suicide", "text": "BANGALORE: A dismissed police constable attached to the City Armed Reserve (CAR)-S outh allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of his residence in T C Palya , K R Puram , on Friday morning .The deceased has been identified as T Vasanth Kumar , 34 , son of Thimmappa , a retired assistant sub-inspector of police and Mary Elizabeth , a retired woman police head constable .He is said to have taken the extreme step owing to a property disputewithhisfather'sfirstwife and step-brothers . He had been dismissed from service in 2010 for prolonged absence .K R Puram police have registered a case of unnatural death . They said Vasanth was a chronic alcoholic .Hewas not married .Thimmappa'sfirst wife and her children refused to share his six acre property in Kolar district with Vasanth and his two sisters .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12658705", "title": "Date clash whammy for National Institute of Science Education and Research, Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology aspirants", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Clashing dates of entrance tests for admission into Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) and National Institute of Science Education and Research (NISER) has left aspirants dejected.The National Entrance Screening Test (NEST) for NISER and the common undergraduate entrance test for OUAT are both scheduled for May 27. \"It is difficult to choose between the two,\" said Diptosh Kumar, a student who wanted to appear for both the tests.Some students, mainly from Bhubaneswar, can still manage to take both the tests. While the OUAT test is scheduled from 10.30 am to 12.30 pm, NEST will be held between 2 pm and 5 pm. But outstation students have to make a tough choice as though the OUAT entrance centres are spread across the state, the only NEST centre in Odisha is in Bhubaneswar.NISER registrar Dr Abhaya Naik said the authorities selected an early May date this time keeping in mind last year's experience. The test was held on June 6 last year, by when IIT-JEE results were already published, as a result of which at least 30% applicants skipped the test, Naik said.Notably, the date for Odisha Joint Entrance Examination (OJEE) and the pre-medical entrance test for Armed Forces Medical College Pune this year is also clashing with both tests scheduled to be held on May 6. Few students from Odisha would appear for AFMC PMT for admission into the 130 MBBS seats as most would prefer to try their luck in OJEE. OJEE vice-chairman Dr Sitaram Mahapatra said selecting a date by accommodating all other tests is impossible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12658816", "title": "State land in builder\u2019s hand, speaker calls for CBI investigation", "text": "MUMBAI: Assembly speaker Dilip Walse-Patil on Friday directed the state government to decide on a plot in Mazgaon belonging to the city collector. More than 13 years after a lease on the 75,000sqft plot expired, BMC officials not only granted a commencement certificate (CC), but also an occupation certificate (OC) for five buildings on the plot. The BMC issues a CC only after the builder produces all proof that there is no dispute about the land title and it is a non-agricultural plot. In the Mazgaon case, civic officials did not verify if a lease existed.The buildings were constructed in 1992-97 . In 1999, the collector's office issued an order to the developer to return the land. Revenue minister Babasaheb Thorat said that as a quasi-judicial authority, an appeal with reference to the matter was pending before him and he would decide within a month. The issue of the BMC granting certificates when the land title was not clear was raised in the legislative assembly on Friday. Despite an adverse report from the revenue divisional commissioner and the high court, the developer continued to be in possession of the land. Nearly 300 families are residing in five buildings on the plot at Love Lane, Mazgaon.The land was leased in 1880 to a European strangers' trust and was used for residential purpose, said officials from the collector's office. In 1957, it was sub-leased to another organization, which in 1982 sold it to Shreeji Builders. It was only in 1999 that the collector's office realized that the lease for the plot had expired in 1979. But its order to take back the land was challenged by the developer in the high court in 2006. In 2007, the court ordered the builder to surrender the land to the government.In the meantime, the revenue divisional commissioner had submitted a report, indicting revenue and civic officials for negligence. In 2009, an appeal was filed by the developers before the commissioner, who rejected it. Since then, the revenue minister has not taken a decision in the matter. \"The matter calls for a CID or CBI inquiry,\" said Walse-Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12660667", "title": "IBM to buys analytics company Varicent Software", "text": "NEW YORK: International Business Machines Corp agreed to buy Varicent Software Inc, a Canadian provider of analytics software to manage compensation and sales performance.Toronto-based and closely held, Varicent automates and integrates sales information, allowing companies to determine compensation and sales-force deployment, IBM said in a statement today. IBM, based in Armonk, New York , didn't disclose terms of the acquisition.The world's largest computer-services provider expects to generate $16 billion of analytics revenue in 2015. Varicent follows IBM acquisitions of companies, including Algorithmics Inc, Clarity Systems, OpenPages, Cognos Inc and SPSS as it adds analytics tools to help businesses uncover trends and better deploy their employees in sales, finance, customer service and marketing. IBM's five-year plan includes boosting software to half of its total earnings.\"Sales performance management is still viewed by many in the industry as an art versus a science, but there is plenty of opportunity for this mindset to change,\" said Dan Shimmerman, chief executive officer of Varicent.\"As part of IBM, we can now bring our technological expertise in maturing and advancing the efficiency and effectiveness of the sales function to a broader range of clients across the globe.\"IBM fell 1.2 per cent to $202.80 at the close in New York. The shares have risen 10 per cent this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657074", "title": "Study vacation for four Ahmedabad kids at Infosys", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Four children from the city are among the 100 gifted students who will spend their summer vacation at the Infosys Campus, Mysore, from May 13 as a part of the Duke University's Talent Identification Programme - India. The university is a US-based institution.These four students of class VIII from Anand Niketan School are Manan Shah, Shashank Dalmia, Anujot Singh and Kush Saluja. They will spend the holidays at the campus learning, interacting, and having fun during the programme.These students were shortlisted after they performed well in the national benchmarking test, ASSET (Assessment of Scholastic Skills through Educational Testing), conducted by Educational Initiatives (EI). It is the only qualifying test in the country for the Duke TIP Programme. In 2011, as many as 1,300 students of class VII, who were in the top 5 percentile, were invited to write the test. The 100 were selected on the basis of their performance.Manan Shah said, \"I am leaving on May 13 and I am both nervous and excited about spending 21 days at the dream campus of Infosys. I strongly feel that the skills that I acquire there will help me in long run.\" Kush Saluja said, \"I am looking forward to an altogether different exposure from this great opportunity. I plan to utilize every minute of it interacting with students from all across the country and making new friends.\"Talking to TOI about the programme, EI's founder-director Sridhar Rajagopalan said, \"The three-week long residential programme has an intensive course schedule. These courses are conducted by the faculty of Duke University .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12656561", "title": "Frisking of travellers with \u2018suspicious\u2019 names routine", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shakespearean poser 'What's in a name?' couldn't have seemed more ironical in today's world. Not just VIPs and celebrities, immigration authorities in the US as well as other countries, including India, have detained regular travellers with certain names and surnames in the past on suspicion, or because their documents and details match someone on their lookout list. While it can be an unnerving experience for innocent passengers, immigration authorities say they have a right to question people if an alert pops up on their system.Four years ago, Mumbai crime branch and immigration officials suddenly prepared themselves to receive an unlikely guest. A tipoff said that Dawood Ibrahim was to land at Mumbai airport from London . He did arrive and was detained by crime branch officials. Almost seven hours of questioning and verification of documents revealed that this Dawood was a menial worker who had come to attend a wedding at Gujarat.\"It feels you are in a no-man's land and during those hours of questioning, you often wonder what if you are again caught at the wrong side of the lookout list?\" asked Shahid Khan who was detained at JFK airport five years ago. Khan had a stopover at the airport before flying out to Ohio on an assignment. \"I was asked to step aside and the homeland security officials took me to a room. No communication was possible as there were phone jammers to bar signals. I wasn't allowed to talk to anyone for the five hours I spent there. I was asked if I had any other name, what places I had travelled to in the past few years,\" he added. Khan said the security and immigration officers were not hostile and were very professional.While people who have gone through the trauma of being questioned as a possible suspect say it may be part of racial profiling, immigration officers said it is their duty to interrogate passengers whose name or any other details match a suspect on the lookout list. \"Such situations do arise, but you can't let the passenger go without checking. Sometimes, a passenger's profile is not visible properly, or he/she may share their name with a suspect or there might be similarities in passport number. In such a situation, every country has the right to verify the details irrespective of the nationality of the person,\" said a senior customs official. \"No person is detained unless there is a considerable similarity with the details of a suspect,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12662297", "title": "Misti Mukherjee shoots a song for her debut film Life Ki To Lag Gayi", "text": "Wannabe actor Misti Mukherjee shot her first song for her debut film. Apparently, the actor had eleven changes in the video where she is ditching different guys.Vikas has directed this video which is going on channels on tuesday.The film is releasing on 27th April 2012 all over. Nitin Bali who has recorded many song for albums is doing first playback song Deboshree for hindi film Life ki to lag gayi produced by K Sera Sera and directed by Rakesh Mehta.The film has Kay Kay Menon,Neha Bhasin,Misti Mukherjee,Ranveer Shorey,Pradyuman Singh,Manu Rishi and Tarika Khan.Misti Mukherjee and Nitin Bali shoot the promotional video of Deboshree song at Cinevista studios at Kanjurmarg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12657544", "title": "Woman dies week after suicide attempt", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 23-year-old woman discharged from Coimbatore Medical College Hospital two days back developed complications and died at her residence in Arasampalayam near Kinnathukkadavu on Thursday. She was admitted to the government hospital last week after she consumed pesticide and tried to commit suicide.Police claimed that S Maheshwari (23) was married to Sivakumar, an employee at a foundry in Kinnathukkadavu and the couple had two children. However Maheshwari was reportedly under stress as she was in a relationship with another person before her parents married her of to Sivakumar. The matter was not disclosed to Sivakumar at the time of marriage and Maheswari was constantly under pressure that her husband would come to know about her past and abandon her.According to police, Maheswari consumed pesticide, out of depression , last Sunday. She was rushed to CMCH and was undergoing medical treatment for the past two days. She was sent home on Tuesday and was advised to take rest. But on Thursday her condition worsened. She was once again rushed to CMCH where she was declared dead. A case has been registered at the Perur All Women Police Station in connection with the incident.\"We are investigating the incident. The victim's husband was not aware about Maheswari's past until she died,\" said G Shameen, Inspector, All Women Police Station, Perur.An RDO level probe has also been ordered in the matter, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12657690", "title": "Garbage in dump yard catches fire", "text": "COIMBATORE: A part of garbage heaped on the city corporation's Vellalore dumping yard, city's biggest dumping yard, caught fire on Friday morning.Residents say there have been several instances of such fire earlier. \"Outbreaks of fire at the dumping yard is a common fare in summer months and the corporation officials do not pay much heed to the grievances of the local residents,\" said KS Mohan, Kurichi-Vellalore pollution prevention action committee.Meanwhile, the city corporation has prepared plans to scientifically cap the garbage heaps in the yard. Senior corporation officials had claimed that the main intention to take up the project was to ensure that there were no freak outbreak of fire so that the garbage heaps in the yard do not become an environment polluting agent.The total cost of the project is estimated to be about Rs 12.5 crore. Earlier the yard did not have proper security personnel deployed inside and there were many instances when ragpickers used to set the garbage mounds on fire to separate out metallic items to be sold as junk from the debris. The project is estimated to be completed within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657435", "title": "Tracking team digs deeper pit to trap tiger", "text": "LUCKNOW: The elusive tiger of Rahmankhera has not left the area, where it fell into the pit on Thursday. The tiger moved in the same area, even on Friday.Experts believe that it is a good sign. \"Had it left the area, it could have ventured into villages or human settlements,\" said Sanjay Narayan, a wildlife enthusiast. The behaviour of the tiger makes it clear that it is hungry and there is a possibility that it may strike again. The tiger tracking team has dug a deep pit at one of the spots, where the tiger had killed its prey, during its stay in Rahmankhera. The pit has been covered with wooden planks and nod to give it the look of a levelled ground.A bait was tied on this platform, on Thursday. And, when the tiger came to kill the bait, it fell into the pit.The plan was to trap the tiger, by luring it to a bait and making it fall into a deep pit. But, on Thursday, tiger escaped from the pit, as soon as it fell into it. The pit wasn't deep enough for the tiger. On Friday, the pit has been dug even deeper.And, the fact that tiger is still coming to the spot, where it fell, on Thursday, shows the big cat hasn't left the area and is also hungry. The tracking team is hopeful that it will fall into the pit, if it comes close to it now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "12658992", "title": "Mediamen behave like terrorists: chief minister", "text": "TUMKUR: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Friday likened journalists to terrorists. Gowda, who was here to inaugurate different buildings in Tumkur university campus, was grilled by reporters on the change in the varsity's logo. Ducking the questions, the CM said: \"Journalists expect the right answer from the CM and they keep asking questions on the same issue.Why do you act like terrorists? Don't do. This is not the right way to ask questions.'' The chief minister said he has not received any complaints on the logo change and will look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12657020", "title": "Public irked by erroneous Aadhaar (UID) cards", "text": "KOCHI: Even as Akshaya plans to resume enrolment under the Aadhaar project for unique identity numbers (UID), residents remain apprehensive about the efficiency of the system. Pointing out glaring mistakes in the already issued UID cards, individuals and organizations in the city have demanded a facility to rectify them.In most UID cards, the name and address of the card holder is often misspelt. Vaduthala resident Anna Roshni Varghese's name was spelled incorrectly in her UID card. Though her name was written correctly in English, in Malayalam it was printed as 'Aana'. According to city-based photographer, T J Varghese mistakes happened despite efforts to correct them while officials were keying in the name.\"They told me that there would be no errors in the printed cards. Now, I wonder whom I should contact to resolve this issue. The officials at Aadhar centres are not sure whether one should stick to the initials of the surname or sue the expanded form,\" he said.All Kerala Photographer's Association stated that photographers, entrusted with work related to UID cards, were not qualified. The photo in the card would not help identify the person, the association said. \"In case a person presents this UID card before an international agency or officials of foreign countries, chances are high that it will be rejected placing the person in further trouble,\" said general secretary of the association M G Raju.Residents have raised reservations over the necessity of publishing details of their bank accounts. Even bio-metric identifications of individuals have been collected. But people doubt whether authorities have the ability to protect these data. \"It is unclear who all will have access to this information, and how the agencies plan to use the data,\" said a retired government employee Retnamma Gopalakrishnan.Meanwhile, Akshaya manager (networking) V Sharat admitted that certain errors have occurred due to shortcomings in the software used. \"Very soon a facility will be introduced where an option will be provided to edit the earlier entries. There will also be a facility to change the photographs,\" he said. At the same time, applicants will have to continue providing their mobile numbers and details of bank accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656554", "title": "House owners in city slam the door on transgenders", "text": "CHENNAI: The state might have accorded them special status and rolled out welfare schemes, but transgenders continue find it hard to rent houses in the city.Transgender activist and social worker Kalki has decided to move to Auroville, near Puducherry, as she was unable to find a house here. Last week, her landlady told her to move out as she was going to turn the house into an apartment complex.\"I had a week to look for a new place. I didn't realise that Chennai still considers renting houses to transgenders a taboo,\" says Kalki, who runs Sahodari Foundation for the empowerment of transgenders. Most house owners in Kodambakkam, Velachery, Valasaravakkam and Vadapalani refused to let out flats to her.A woman in Saidapet, who finally agreed to let out her flat, backed off. \"She called me up to say that none of her neighbours wanted a transgender in the building. That was a severe jolt,\" said Kalki. An elderly woman in Velachery wanted to rent her the flat, but her son refused. Finally, help came from friends in Auroville.Kalki is one of the city's better-known and accomplished transgenders who has won fellowships and travelled the world. For most of the 3,796 transgenders enrolled by the state, life is even harder. Shruti, a 28-year-old transgender, lives in the office building of an activist friend with 10 other transgenders. \"We live here because no one is willing to rent houses to us,\" says Shruti, who earns about 300 a day begging.Her friend Pallavi, 21, adds, \"If we do find houses, they are in bad areas and we get sexually harassed.\" Pallavi ran away from home in Vijayawada as her parents disowned her. \"I came to Chennai because I heard there was more acceptance here. I haven't yet found a house. A broker cheated me of 7,000 I had for the deposit,\" she said.Transgenders said they hoped the promised government housing scheme would take off soon. Social welfare minister B Valarmathi said transgenders need not leave the state and efforts would be taken to protect them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12657525", "title": "Vishu kits are a big hit in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: The busy man that he is, Nandakumar, a city-based gas agency owner, didn't find time to scour the markets to buy the ingredients to arrange 'kani', an essential feature of Vishu, an auspicious day for Malayalis. His spirits were lifted when he discovered that Vishu too is available in packets.Vishukkani kits that contain all the material necessary to arrange kani, the tableau people wake up to see in the morning, have made life simpler for people like Nandakumar.Hundreds of city residents are opting for instant vishukkani kits sold through various Nair Service Society (NSS) branches in the city. From the portrait of Lord Guruvayurappa to kanikkonna (laburnum) flowers, fruits and sandalwood paste, everything required to ensure the perfect vishukkani sighting is included in this kit. \"It's an attempt on our part to ensure that people do not have to go through a lot of trouble for purchasing each item individually for arranging vishukkani. We have also ensured that it is reasonably priced,\" says KGK Nair, president, NSS, Coimbatore.\"It is a very convenient and neat arrangement to save time. It helps you prepare vishukkani as per the tradition,\" says Nandakumar. Each kit is priced at Rs 300 and is being distributed through the 10 branches of NSS, a community organisation, in the city. The NSS organisers claim that they have prepared around 2,000 kits. The necessary items were bought and arranged in separate shopping hampers. There are 18 items in each kit. The society started distributing the kits three years ago, but the response has been phenomenal this year. \"We only have a handful of kits left as the rest have been sold off,\" E Kunhappa, general secretary, NSS, Coimbatore, told this reporter late in the evening.Since the auspicious sighting of God is part of the Chithirai Kani ritual that marks the first day of Tamil New Year, the vishukkani kits were bought by many Tamils as well. \"Lot of Tamils also purchased our kits this year to be used for arranging the Chithirai Kani at their homes,\" claims KP Ravi, chairman, Ramnagar NSS branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12657122", "title": "City to get first Japanese restaurant", "text": "KOCHI: Ever fancied enjoying Sushi in an ambience that is realistically Japanese? Well, Kochi can now relish such delicacies as the first Japanese restaurant in Kerala will open its doors on Sunday.Talking to TOI, a spokesperson of Tokyo Bay, the Japanese restaurant opening at Hotel Presidency in the city said that the idea is to offer Kochiites cuisines like sushi, tenpura, teppanyaki, kobachi and yakitori, which at the moment is not available here.\"Led by directors of the Baby Marine Group and their Japanese business partners, Tokyo Bay will provide healthy food. While Kochi will be the first place in Kerala to host Tokyo Bay, we will soon have presence in other major cities across India as well,\" the spokesperson said.Prepared by Japanese chef Nishioka San, customers will be able to enjoy the food at nominal rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12658222", "title": "Man burns wife\u2019s private parts", "text": "INDORE: Suspecting fidelity, a man burned private parts of his wife critically injuring her on Thursday night under the jurisdiction of Gautampura police.According to police, the incident is of Runjhi area in Gautampura when the victim Rekhabai had gone to neighbouring area to attend a religious function. As the function got delayed and she came home late, her husband Sanjay picked up a quarrel with her and suspected that she had been with some other person. The quarrel took an ugly turn as he grabbed the heater and inserted it into her private parts.\"The accused also burned other parts of the body,\" said the police. Neighbours gathered hearing the Rekhabai scream. Sanjay managed to escape from the house.Rekhabai has been admitted in MY Hospital. Doctors say her condition is critical. The police later arrested Sanjay and booked him under relevant section of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656589", "title": "Tamil Nadu to get 169 more MBBS seats this year", "text": "CHENNAI: The number of seats in the government medical colleges of Tamil Nadu is likely to increase by 169 with the state hopeful of getting permission for a new medical college in Sivaganga and increasing seats in the Kilpauk and Chengalpet medical colleges by 50 each.State health minister V S Vijay said the Medical Council of India (MCI) has visited the medical college in Sivaganga and procedures for opening two more colleges are nearing completion. \"We don't want to open more than one medical college a year because we will have to find teachers and faculty as per the standard requirements,\" he said. This year, the state will lay the foundation stone for a new hospital in Tiruvannamalai.If MCI grants permission for the new college in Sivaganga, the number of medical colleges in the state will go up to 18 and the number of seats will go up from 1,945 to 2,295. In 2011, of the 1,945 seats, the directorate of medical education admitted 1,653 students after surrendering 292 seats for admissions through the single window counselling. \"For a very long time the number of seats in the Kilpauk and Chengalpet colleges has remained low. While newer colleges have more than 100 seats, Kilpauk has 100 and Chengalpet has just 50,\" Vijay said.Every year nearly 24,000 students apply for medical and dental seats in the state, but the rising cut-off makes the competition tougher. In addition to the government colleges, the state manages to get 50% to 65% of medical seats from self-financing medical colleges affiliated to the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University. As per the Supreme Court order in the P A Inamdar case, managements of self-financing institutions are permitted to fill seats in their colleges as per the norms laid down by the court. But every year the state manages to get 65% seats from non-minority institutions and 50% from minority institutions. In 2011, the state managed to get 839 seats from 11 of the 13 affiliated medical colleges.Besides Christian Medical College, Vellore, which does not share seats with the government, the only medical college that did not share seats was DD Medical College. In the dental category, Madras Dental College is the only college run by the state. This college admits 85 students under the state quota. The remaining 878 seats come from the 17 self financing institutions affiliated to the state medical university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12658775", "title": "Many offer namaz led by Al-Aqsa mosque imam", "text": "KANPUR: All roads led to Badi Eidgah, where thousands of Muslims joined the Friday namaz which was led by imam of Masjid Al-Aqsa in Jerusalem Akrama Saeed Abdullah Sabri. He came to the city on the invitation of an NGO named as Kanpur Intellectuals and Allied Forum.People from different parts of the city and bordering districts were seen marching towards the Badi Eidgah ground at Benajhabar since morning. Elaborate security arrangements were made. Traffic restrictions were also imposed from 7am till the completion of the namaz.\"It was one of the largest congregations at the Badi Eidgah in the city,\" Mahmood Husain Rahmani, who supervised the arrangements, said.\"The Badi Eidgah and the nearby streets were overflowing with worshippers. I believe there was a congregation of around one lakh people,\" Naved, a namazi, said. \"The prayers began at 1.30pm and got over in 15-20 minutes before 'khutba' (formal preaching),\" he added.Prominent Sunni cleric from Lucknow Khalid Rasheed Firangi Mahali also joined the prayers and exchanged greetings with the people.\"Akrama Saeed Abdullah Sabri and all worshippers prayed for world peace prosperity and harmony,\" Maulana Khalid Rasheed said.Children in white 'kurta pyjama' were also witnessed offering namaz. People were seen standing in queues outside the Eidgah waiting for the entry.Akrama Saeed Abdullah Sabri and clerics of 10 other nations had arrived in the city on Thursday evening.While addressing newspersons on Thursday, he said, \"those who do not like Islam are spreading terrorism.\" He urged Muslims not be misled by destructive forces and live in communal harmony.Al-Aqsa mosque is one of the holiest sites for Muslims and located in the Old City of Jerusalem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659096", "title": "Activists hold vigil for Hina's mother", "text": "BANGALORE: Scores of women from various walks of life on Friday expressed their solidarity with 19-year-old Reshma Banu, whose 3-month-old daughter Hina breathed her last on Wednesday after being battered and smothered by her father Umar Farooq a few days earlier.The activists, who also included a few men, held a candlelight vigil and observed two minutes' silence.Reshma, who was also present, said no woman should have to undergo the trauma she had endured. Determined to empower herself, she said: \"I'll study and get a job for myself.\"Thanking all those who had turned up to show their sympathy for her, Reshma said: \"I am fighting for justice and I need all the support I can get. I want Farooq to suffer more than what he put us through.\"Sheema Mohsin, representative, Karnataka State Board of Wakfs, said Reshma may be provided employment in an anganwadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659112", "title": "Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike not allowed in Freedom Park", "text": "BANGALORE: In a clear case of government agencies working at cross purposes, a team of BBMP officials who were conducting soil testing at Freedom Park for a proposed underground multi-level parking lot were chased out by policemen on duty.\"Our policemen had been deployed on regular duty at Freedom Park where protests and agitations are a matter of routine. But today we were surprised to see men digging earth and we had no prior information about any work. So we questioned them,\" a senior police officer said.The BBMP officials and showeland pickaxe-wielding labourers were sent out of the park.The police officer said that BBMP was not obligated to inform police of its proposed works but it does help if they are kept in the loop.The soil testing work had in fact started a fortnight ago but had to be stopped in view of a Jain festival. \"Today when our assistant executive engineer went there to collect soil samples, Upparpet police thought we had started constructing the parking complex and raised objection. Once I was told about the problem, I called up the police station and spoke to the DCP about it,\" said ML Munikrishna , chief engineer (markets).The Rs 80.12-crore underground multi-level parking lot was part of the original plan for Freedom Park, which was put up in place of the erstwhile Central Jail. In fact, the project proposal was reiterated by the BBMP when it announced multi-level parking complexes at Malleswaram, Gandhibazaar and KR Market.Freedom Park was the only venue to have an underground parking complex, while it was to be above ground at the three other places. However, none of the projects was taken up by the civic body in view of its perilous finances.The issue cropped up at a BBMP council meeting on March 28. Yeshwantpur corproator Munirathna Naidu had objected to the proposal, saying: \"The project cost has escalated and provides parking facility for only 426 cars.\"BBMP commissioner M K Shankarlinge Gowda had said that the issue had been discussed with the state finance department and the cost estimates would be re-worked . He had also said that the new proposal will be brought before the council.What is it?Freedom Park, located on Seshadri Road, is the Hyde Park of Bangalore, as it is the venue for protests and agitations. The park was inaugurated in 2008 and was built in the place of the erstwhile Central Jail. The original plan for the Freedom Park had also envisaged a multi-level underground parking complex at the site. To be built in one corner of the park abutting Gandhinagar , the parking complex was to be designed in such a way as it was not to be visible from outside and the park surface would seamlessly blend with the top of the underground facility.Lights are back at Russell MarketBangalore Electric Supply Company (Bescom) authorities late on Friday evening restored power supply to the Russell Market, the 85-year-old landmark structure, which had been going without electricity ever since it was gutted in a blaze on Februrary 25. The Times of India had in these columns on April 9 reported that Bescom had disconnected power to the entire market, forcing vendors to conduct business under gas and emergency lights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12658722", "title": "1000 playgrounds to be developed in Ganjam", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Ganjam district administration has chalked out a massive plan for development of at least 1,000 playgrounds, two in each of the 475 gram panchayats in the district, in the next two years. At least Rs 50 crore has been earmarked from Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) and Integrated Action Plan (IAP) for this purpose, official sources said.Ganjam district was included in the Centrally-sponsored IAP scheme this year for infrastructure development in the left-wing extremism-affected areas to counter Maoist activities. The programme will be given special emphasis in tribal-dominated 110 gram panchayats in the district.\"Since the government has included construction of playgrounds from MGNREGS funds in IAP districts recently, we have chalked out the massive programme for constriction of the playgrounds in Ganjam,\" said a senior officer of the district.\"We think there will be no problem of space in villages to construct the playgrounds,\" said collector Krishan Kumar said. \"The playgrounds can help inculcate a culture of sports among rural youth and help them lead an agile and disciplined life,\" he added.Ganjam District Athletics Association (GDAA) general secretary Ashok Sahu welcomed the proposal. He said it would help talented rural youth to express their sporting prowess. He also suggested the government to provide other infrastructure facilities like kits and coaches to train the youth and to declare Berhampur Stadium as a regional sports complex. The village playgrounds with have all facilities like drainage, vegetation to arrest erosion, etc, an officer said.District sports officer A K Patnaik said the government has also made allocations for the development of playgrounds under its Panchayat Yuva Krida O Khela Abhiyan (PYKOKA) scheme. The district has received around Rs 1.50 crore for development of 146 playgrounds in rural areas in the last three years, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12657167", "title": "Poila Boishakh merely a party day for Gen Y", "text": "KOLKATA: The young and trendy are celebrating Poila Boishakh in style. Gone are the days when Poila Boishakh was about chaitra sale, halkhata, the mystical panjika, Rabindra Sangeet and the mishti. Bengalis are celebrating, but not Poila Boishakh. Morphed into the bong, the Bengalis are busy greeting the Bong New Year. While \"esho he Baisakh esho esho\" plays in the background, the Gen Y celebrates in a club with friends over a peg of Scotch whisky.Poila Boishakh holds no significance for college student Karabi Mitra. \"I don't know what to celebrate. New dress or good food is also not an incentive. We do that all year round. But I will send the customary Shubho Naba Borsho message to my friends and family. This year, though, I will party because Poila Baishak is over the weekend,\" she said.More and more youngsters are giving the tradition a miss and opting for more innovative ways to ring in the Bengali New Year. They prefer to party till the wee hours doing something different that satisfies the jaded urban appetite. And event management companies are quick to cash in on this trend. From plush social gatherings to cushy get-togethers with friends, the Bengali New Year has got a makeover. It's all about glamour and power-packed parties for the youth brigade.\"Innovation is the name of the game. You need to offer something different. That's why we decided to organize a party which was similar to a December 31 party. We have planned a live DJ-dhaak jam session,\" said Mousumi Banerjee of Gooptu Events.As Poila Boishakh plans get ready, fine-tuned, cancelled and remade, the gen next surely knows how to party hard . From scintillating international performers to the razzamatazz of deejays exuding euphoria on the dance floor, it's all about being different. \"I will be attending a party at a friend's place on the last day of the Bengali year. It's all about free flowing spirits, snacks and foot-tapping music,\" said student Rashmi Somani.Once the uppity Mr Bose of Ballygunge, had sneered \"chii\" at his neighbour for organizing a terrace party on Poila Boishakh. Today his daughter is planning to go for a hookah party to usher in the Bengali New Year. \"I can't bask in the glory of age old customs. For some, it's just another day to uphold our Bangaliana. But to me, it's another reason to spend a bomb on my favourite clothes and accessories. I am not even aware which Bengali year is going to start,\" quipped his teenage daughter Megha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12658106", "title": "Futab assails government forgoing back on order", "text": "PATNA: The academic circles in the state are shocked by the government's decision to withdraw, after six years, its circular granting status of lecturers to demonstrators fulfilling certain criteria.The withdrawal has come as a rude shock to the academics. What prompted the state government to do so is beyond comprehension, they say.Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Futab) working president Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha and general secretary Sanjay Kumar Singh assailed the state government for withdrawing circular no 1115 of June 14, 2006 despite the fact that its SLP on the issue was dismissed by the apex court and a contempt proceeding for non-compliance of the earlier order is still pending in the Patna high court. The government's decision is a direct affront to the honour and respect of a legal proceeding pending in the high court for disposal, they said. Endless litigations with consequent instability in the universities of Bihar will be the ultimate result of this government action, they said.They pointed out that the logic given by the education department of heavy financial burden being involved as the redesignated demonstrators may go up to the rank of reader and professor was completely false and misleading. Time-bound promotion statutes clearly debar them from promotion to the post of professor. So far as the question of promotion to the post of reader is concerned, that, too, is beyond their reach as 99% of them acquired qualification of lecturer after 1990.They further said the federation has time and again tried to sort out the issue across the table, but the government is reluctant to share its views with the teachers' representatives and the uncertainties have dragged the teachers to the court. They urged the chief minister to take cognisance of wrong facts placed before the cabinet as, in a democracy, it is highly objectionable that the bureaucracy dares mislead the state cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12657721", "title": "MLA Sarraf demands colony for idol makers", "text": "JAIPUR: The problems of idol makers of Jaipur were highlighted in the state assembly by Malviya Nagar legislator Kali Charan Sarraf on Friday. The BJP legislator demanded a separate colony for these artists and their work units on the city outskirts.\"Idols made in Jaipur have a demand across the world. Around 5,000 small units employ 50,000 people and do a business of Rs 300 crore per year. The state government ought to shelter these people who earn foreign exchange,\" Sarraf said, raising the issue during the Zero Hour.The assembly was told that these artists were forced to shut work because of the pollution concerns. Idol makers in Jaipur have traditionally worked from their homes and have lived in clusters close to other residential colonies. At least two dozen localities inside and outside the old walled city have majority population of the idol makers.\"Increasing population and people's growing health concerns have led to complaints being lodged to the pollution control board and even the state human rights commission. Citing directions from these two authorities, the city police harasses these artists and forces them to shut operations,\" the BJP legislator said.At the same time, Sarraf maintained that the residents concern about pollution were genuine, as the pollution control board found that the pollutants left in neighbouring environment in idol making was two times more than the acceptable limits.\"The government should, therefore, identify 300-400 bigha land near Jaipur and rehabilitate these artists there,\" the legislator said. Industries minister Rajendra Pareek replied that the state government would find a solution to the problem.In another development during the Zero Hour, the ruling party's Surajgarh legislator Shrawan Kumar objected to the Speaker's statement that the legislator did not submit his resignation letter to him on Tuesday.Deputy speaker Ramnarayan Meena, who was presiding over the House procedures then, however, denied permission to Kumar to speak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661143", "title": "Robert Doisneau's 100th birth anniversary celebrated by Google doodle", "text": "The photo collage on search giant Google's home page today celebrates the centenary of the popular French photographer Robert Doisneau. Doisneau, alongwith Cartier-Bresson is known to have lead the way towards a new path in photojournalism. One of the four photos in the collage is his most famous photograph Le baiser de l'hotel de ville (Kiss by the Hotel de Ville) shot in 1950 in Paris.Another photograph on the doodle is titled Le Remorqueur du Champ de Mars (Tug on the Champ de Mars). The 1943 image shows two children playing near the Eiffel Tower in Paris. Another is the image of a woman (said to be representing the anonymous reader) at the 19th-century French writer Guy de Maupassant's monument in Paris. The fourth photograph reportedly is Le Chien a Roulettes (Dog on Wheels) from 1977.He is widely acclaimed for his ironic images as well as those that depicted juxtapositions. Doisneau's pictures mingled social classes and eccentricities of contemporary Paris life.Doisneau lost his parents in childhood. His father died during World War I when he was only four, he lost his mother too when he was seven. He was raised by his aunt.At 13, Doisneau joined a craft school where he got his first introduction to arts, participating in still life and figure drawing. He earned diplomas in lithography and engraving here.Doisneau is said to have discovered photography when he was 16. According to some accounts in the initial days of his photography, he was so shy that he only photographed cobblestones.In the 1920s, he joined an advertising company. In 1932 he sold his first photo-story to Excelsior magazine. In 1934 he was recruited as an industrial advertising photographer at Renault car factory. In an article in 1991, he admitted that the years at the Renault marked \"the beginning of his career as a photographer and the end of his youth.\"In 1939, he lost his job at Renault, and was forced to takeup freelance advertising, engraving and postcard photography to earn his living. In the same year, he got a job with Charles Rado of the Rapho photo agency. During this time, he travelled across France in search of picture stories and took his first professional street photographs.As the World War II started, he was drafted as a photographer and a Resistance soldier. He reportedly used his skills to forge identification papers and passports. During this time he photographed the Battle of Paris. Post World War II, he joined Life magazine. He also did some fashion and high-class photography with Paris Vogue. He received the Prix Kodak in 1947.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12657407", "title": "Explain delay in land case: Rajasthan High Court to Special Operation Group chief", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has asked the SP of Special Operation Group (SOG) to appear in person before it on April 17 to explain why the investigation has not progressed in an FIR filed in 2009 on a land deal in which the complainant has alleged favouritism by chief minister Ashok Gehlot.The FIR was filed by a city based lawyer P C Jain with SOG in July 2009 saying that he along with his partner Rafiq Khan had agreed to purchase a land which is in the joint ownership of two brothers but they were later duped. Jain said he and his partner had paid Rs 21 lakh for the land located on Labana village along the Jaipur-Delhi highway to one of the brothers identified as Rampal. Later Rampal along with his brother Gopal fraudulently sold the land to one Shyamlata, daughter-in-law of Gopal.\"We moved an application before the high court stating that one of the sons of accused Gopal named Bablesh is close to chief minister Ashok Gehlot and due to his personal intervention, the investigation was transfered from the SOG to CID (CB). Pursuant to which the court on March 20 has directed the investigation to be assigned back to the SOG,\" Jain said.Justice R S Rathore on Friday seized the case diary after hearing the complainant's arguments and asked the SP of SOG to address the court as to why there has been delay in the outcome of the investigation in the FIR.\"It has also came to our knowledge that the third brother of Gopal and Rampal is holding a portfolio equivalent to the rank of a minister in the state government,\" Jain added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12657861", "title": "Parrikar asks education dept for proposal to solve MoI issue", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has asked director of education Anil Powar to submit a detailed proposal to resolve the medium of instruction (MOI) issue.Sources in the government said that Parrikar on Friday summoned the education director to his office and asked him to submit the proposal by April 18. Parrikar had alreadyannounced that the decision on MOI issue will be taken after April 20. In May 2011, the Congress-led government had taken a decision to give grants to English-medium schools.Sources in the government have said that the chief minister is likely to hold a meeting with stakeholders before any decision is taken on the issue.Sources also said that after discussing with concerned organizations and individuals, Parrikar will hold discussion with officials from the education department before this issue is discussed in the cabinet.Forum for Rights of Children's Education (FORCE)was formed as a pressure group to get the government to give parents a choice to choose the MOI for their wards as it stated that majority of parents wished that their children should study in the English-medium in primary schools. FORCE also pressed that government grants should be given to schools switching back to English as parents found it expensive giving their children an education in English in the private schools.Opposing this view was the Bharatiya Bhasha Suraksha Manch ( BBSM), which protested against the government decision and wanted it to continue giving grants to only Marathi and Konkani medium schools. Former Goa Board chairman Pandurang Nadkarni challenged thegovernment decision in the Bombay High Court at Goa, and the judgment has been reserved. There are around 1,000 government and aided primary schools in the state.Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), in its manifesto, has said that it subscribed to the universal scientific principle of primary education in the mother tongue. 'Grant-in-aid accordingly will be released to primary level schools with medium in the regional language. Keeping in view the problem faced by the number of schools due to faulty and legally inferior policy of the Congress government and sentiments of certain section of the population, BJP assures an amicable solution to the problem.' the manifesto stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657494", "title": "Tribunal order to affect Noida, feel industry bodies", "text": "LUCKNOW: The order of the National Green Tribunal banning environmental clearances for any new industry or expansion of the existing ones in Noida will hit the region as a major investment destination. Members of different industry associations feel that it will be the small and medium industries, which will shy away from the region, as most of them cannot afford to place expensive environmental safety measures.' On Thursday, a two-judge bench comprising G K Pandey and A Suryanarayan Naidu of the National Green Tribunal had slapped a ban on issuance of clearances to new industrial units or expansion of existing ones. The tribunal had also pulled up the UP Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) and the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) for their lackadaisical approach in dealing with the situation. In fact, the UPPCB has been asked to conduct on-the-spot inspections and submit a report to the bench about the extent of industrial pollution.The area has around 20,000 large, small and medium scale industries, which will come under the ambit of the tribunal's directive. Speaking to TOI on Friday, chairman of a SMEs body, Anil Gupta said that the sector was already facing crisis because of too much strictness on the part of the government.Gupta suggested that both the state and the Central government need to come up with a mechanism in which environmental consultancy could be provided to the industries who cannot afford expansion environmental safety norms. \"The government also needs to think of providing subsidy to the industries, so that they can adhere to environmental safety norms,\" he said.The Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) too voiced its concern over the order. \"We need to create awareness among the industries about environmental safety, instead of putting a ban on them and depriving a region of its growth,\" said Rajesh Gopinathan, state head of CII.Sources said that the UPPCB had chalked out a detailed action plan for industries in Noida following a direction from the Union ministry of environment and forest two years ago. The plan was even submitted to the central pollution control board (CPCB). However, the plan could not be implemented. Former director of department of environment, Yashpal Singh, said that agencies needed to expedite their working besides making it cordial with the industries.Industrialist, however, point out the fact that it is the lack of coordination between the UPPCB and CPCB that often shows. \"The issue of environmental laws being flouted has been there for the past so many years. What is the guarantee that the agencies responsible for this will now start working in the requisite manner,\" said an industrialist and a member of CII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12657501", "title": "Space crunch adds to schools' playground worries", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court's nod to the Right to Education Act has cleared doubts on its implementation, but schools across the country are apprehensive about changes that need to be incorporated. One feature that has several schools worried is the compulsion of a playground-a luxury in city schools due to space constraints.\"Schools that were built centuries ago had the luxury of owning enough land for the purpose of playgrounds. However, many old schools don't have playground and given current space constraints in the city, there is no way they can provide this facility to students,\" said the principal of a south Mumbai school.Many city schools use private/government owned open spaces as playgrounds for their students. \"We end up paying a lot of money as rent for these playgrounds. The government should make local municipal grounds available for schools which have no playgrounds; schools in the area can share the ground,\" said Fr George Athaide, principal of St Michael's High School in Mahim (W).Many activists said government land, often leased out to private entities for various functions, can instead be used for such purposes. \"RTE has come into force for the betterment of children and it is up to us now to make it work. The time has come to start sharing playgrounds and other resources to make sure that no child is deprived of facilities,\" said Rekha Shahani, principal of Kamla High School in Khar (W). She also added some schools have massive playgrounds which are not even used properly. \"Schools sharing the playground can share the cost of maintaining the ground also,\" she added.Activists are worried that implementation of RTE might take more time in Maharashtra, considering the lax attitude of the government. \"States like Kerala and Punjab already have a local committee in place to ensure the RTE is implemented properly. Here, the basic committee has not yet been formed so implementation will obviously take time,\" said Arundhati Chavan, president of Parent-Teachers Association United Forum. She added many schools in the city lack basic infrastructure like toilets and safe drinking water facilities in schools. \"A lot of ground work needs to be done for the RTE to be fully implemented in our state,\" she added.BOX:Essential Infrastructure Under RTE guidelines -* At least one classroom for each teacher and an office for the principal* Barrier-free access to teaching/learning materials, play and sports equipment, reading materials* Playground for recreational activities* Safe and adequate drinking water facility to all children* Separate toilets for girls and boys* Library with newspapers, magazines and books on all subjects, including story books* A kitchen where mid-day meals can be prepared* Arrangements to secure the school building by boundary wall/fencing", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656575", "title": "Four-day-old baby boy kidnapped from Government Medical College and Hospital", "text": "NAGPUR: A baby boy, born four days ago, was kidnapped from the Government Medical College and Hospital on Friday afternoon. The shocking incident exposed serious security lapse on part of both the GMCH authorities and the police department. A police booth is located on the GMCH premises.An unidentified woman, who is under scanner now, had offered 3 lakh to the mother to get the baby before she managed to sneak out with the newborn.Shashikala Jibhkate, mother of four, was admitted to the labour ward for delivery on Monday and delivered a baby boy the same day. She was supposed to undergo a family planning operation and was advised certain tests before the operation. As a part of the tests, Shashikala was advised an X-ray of her chest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi/bangalore", "code": "12659188", "title": "Revive forests, then give mine leases: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE: In a major victory for the green lobby, the Supreme Court on Friday directed the Karnataka government to immediately take up a reclamation and rehabilitation (R&R; ) plan to revitalize the ecologically battered iron-ore mining areas in the state.Accepting the recommendations of its Central Empowered Committee (CEC), a forest bench headed by Chief Justice SH Kapadia directed the government not to grant any new mining leases in Bellary , Tumkur and Chitradurga districts till the state executes R&R; for existing leases.The bench said the preparation , implementation and monitoring of R&R; would be directly under the supervision of the CEC, which prepared it in consultation with experts of the Indian Council for Forestry Research and Education, the state government and others.BSY, Somanna get court summonsEx-CM BS Yeddyurappa and minister V Somanna have been issued summons by the special Lokayukta court in an illegal denotification case.Cap on iron ore productionBellary, Chitradurga To Follow Supreme Court DirectiveNEW DELHI/BANGALORE: The Supreme Court's forest bench on Friday accepted two key recommendations of the Central Empowered Committee: capping the maximum production of iron ore from Bellary and Chitradurga districts at 25 million tonnes and 5 million tonnes respectively; and banning for 10 years illegal extraction of natural resources. The CEC had made these recommendations to make reserves last for about 20 years. The Supreme Court imposed an iron oremining ban in July 2011 after large-scale illegalities were found. The CEC submitted its reports along with the R&R; plan on February 26 and March 2 to the forest bench in three districts. It recommended R&R; for 20 mining leases falling in category A and 29 mining leases in category B, an exercise to be completed in phases one and two respectively within two months. As far as the mining leases falling in category C are concerned , the CEC recommended that the allotment of those could be undertaken only after R&R; is implemented and mining found to be environmentally feasible.The court sought a clarification from the CEC: can work be carried out in category A mines that are identified as having committed least or no irregularities ? It will hear the parties on April 20 on this issue and also on the disposal of existing mining stocks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12664034", "title": "Salman Bashir new Pakistani envoy to India", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's former foreign secretary Salman Bashir, who has been part of the post-26/11 Indo-Pak dialogue process, is the country's new high commissioner to India.60-year-old Bashir has been appointed as the new envoy to India in place of Shahid Malik , foreign office spokesman Moazzam Ahmed Khan announced today. Bashir had served as foreign secretary from 2008 to March this year, when Jalil Abbas Jillani took over from him. The former Pakistan Foreign Secretary has been part of the Indo-Pak dialogue process following the 26/11 Mumbai attacks.He also served as the ambassador to Denmark, Lithuania, China and Mongolia and did a stint at Pakistan's mission to the United Nations in Geneva . Bashir had travelled to New Delhi when president Asif Ali Zardari made a day-long private visit to India on April 8.During the visit, Zardari had met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh over lunch and offered prayers at the Sufi shrine of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti in Ajmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12657938", "title": "IIM-I firefights to restore confidence of its students", "text": "INDORE: A day after the resignation by IIM-Indore chairman L N Jhunjhunwala, the institute on Friday has put on hold the Post Graduate Certificate in Business Management (PGCBM) programme, even as it terminated the contract with Edulive Infra India Pvt Ltd, the private firm with whose association it had the programme. The IIM-I has also appealed the students to deposit the PGCBM programme fee at the institute only. It may be mentioned that 77 students have already enrolled themselves for the programme.A communique released by the institute stated that IIM Indore had launched PGCBM programme in technical cooperation with Edulive Infra India Pvt Ltd. An MoU was signed between the institute and the company on April 26, 2011 for running the course. However, during the execution of the MoU, it was observed that there were lapses on part of the firm. Based on the terms of reference of the MoU, the institute terminated agreement with the company. But, the IIM-I has promised that it will complete PGCBM (Batch 1) programme process.Director of IIM Indore N Ravichandran told TOI, \"The IIM had served a notice on the company a month back but they failed to give a satisfactory reply. Hence their contract was terminated. He assured that students enrolled with the programme will not be allowed to suffer and the course will be complete\".Sources said the contract with the firm has been terminated after financial irregularities had come to fore, and therefore, the students have been asked by the firm not make any payment for admission in programme at any other centres or offices, except the IIM-Indore.Jhunjhunwala had leveled allegations against Ravichandran. The decision is considered as corrective measure to restore the reputation of the director and institution, said sources adding that in last few years the institute has launched several programmes, some of which are now under the scanner. PGCBM programme is a month-long distance learning/part-time programme for working executives. It has 200 hours of live faculty lectures conducted via video conferencing and 30 hours (5 days) on-campus programme. Total course fee of the programme was Rs 1.75 lakh that could be paid in three installments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657273", "title": "Anti-YS Rajasekhara Reddy campaign gets louder", "text": "HYDERABAD: The chorus that late chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy was anti-dalit picked up further momentum on Friday with Union minister Panabaka Lakshmi and Congress MP Manda Jagannatham branding him as a leader who either did not work for or worked against the interests of the SC and ST communities.Panabaka Lakshmi, who was in Krishna district on Friday, told the media that the dalits did not get any benefit when YSR was chief minister. In Hyderabad, Nagarkurnool Lok Sabha MP told TOI that the dalit welfare programmes suffered a huge setback during the tenure of YSR. \"If one looks at the diversion of funds meant for the welfare of the scheduled castes and tribes, there is no doubt that the late CM was anti-dalit\" Jagannatham said.According to the Congress MP, some ruling party leaders have been carried away by the hero-worship of YSR. \"I respect YSR as a strong leader. However, when it comes to the issue of injustice he did to my community, I would not hesitate to criticize him,\" he said, adding that YSR had never shown any respect for the constitutional mandate in the matter of social justice.Stating that he has perused through the reports of the parliamentary committees on social welfare, Jagannatham said YSR diverted the funds given by the Centre for the welfare of the SCs and STs to other programmes. \"While the TDP regime diverted Rs 6000 crore meant for SC/STs, fund diversion by the YSR government rose to a staggering Rs 18,000 crore. Because of the continuous neglect of the SC/ST communities, the diversion amount has now crossed Rs 24,000 crore,\" he said. Jagannatham also claimed that the SEZ policy pursued by YSR pauperized the SC and STs. \"See the displaced people of Jedcherla SEZ. All are either SCs or Lambadas, an ST community. All of them have lost their land. Now, these people have no place even to bury their dead. Who else should be blamed for this other than YSR?\" the Congress MP asked.According to Jagannatham, YSR refused to take grants from the central institutes because he did not want to keep alive financial corporations. As a result, all the financial institutions meant to assist the weaker sections were killed. \"Institutions such as the SC Finance Corporation , ST Finance Corporation and BC Corporation became non-functional in Andhra Pradesh since the time of YSR,\" he said.Earlier, minister Kondru Murali had fired the first salvo against YSR by calling the late chief minister as anti-dalit. The sensational comment created a flutter both within and outside the party as the attack came from a relatively junior minister. But, Muarli, who claims to be a leader influenced by the teachings of Ambedkar and Jyothi Rao Pule, stood his ground despite all-round attack from the YSR Congress. Later, Amalapuram MP GV Harsha Kumar defended Murali by endorsing the criticism that YSR was anti-dalit. Harsha Kumar said dalits, especially, the Malas, did not get any benefit from the YSR government.Adding weight to the anti-dalit campaign against YSR is senior Rajya Sabha MP JD Seelam, who is perceived as a politician close to 10, Janpath. Seelam, a former IAS officer of Karnataka cadre, said YSR misused the funds meant for SCs. Seelam's utterances are being perceived as a green signal from the Congress high command to tarnish the image of YSR.According to sources, more SC leaders are expected to join in the chorus in the coming days.According to Jagannatham, YSR refused to take grants from central institutes because he did not want financial corporations to thrive", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "sugandh vihar", "code": "12658224", "title": "Poetess at work", "text": "SUGANDH VIHAR: Manjeet Kaur is quite busy writing poems these days and hopes to get them published soon. Her poems written earlier have already appeared in various leading Punjabi magazines but domestic responsibilities held her back from getting them published independently. Now that her children have grown up, she has enough time to pursue her passion.A resident of Sugandh Vihar, Manjeet claims to have penned 50 poems for her collection. Most of her works depict the condition and status of women in the country. Some of her poems highlight social hindrances prevailing in the society.Right from her college days, she says, Punjabi literature has fascinated her and she began writing then. After completing her education, she used to send her poems to Punjabi magazines, and one on Shaheed Bhagat Singh was even published by the National Book Trust. Now working as a head cashier in Punjab National Bank , Manjeet now has a library at her place and spends a lot of time reading. Besides, whenever a new idea comes to her mind, she always makes a point to jot it down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12658910", "title": "Accident victims cremated; kin seek relief", "text": "MYSORE: The cremation of nine Mysoreans, including eight of a family, who were killed in a road accident in Mandya, took place here on Friday.Hundreds of friends , well-wishers and family members paid their respect to the departed souls and attended a funeral at Jodi Thenginamara graveyard near Abdul Kalam Circle. A mood of melancholy descended on the relatives of victims as soon as the bodies of Chikkacheluvaiah and seven of his family members were brought to their house at Kailaspuram in Mandi Mohalla police limits around 10.30am. His son Shankara, who lost his parents and six other relatives, was inconsolable.Gangadhar, a relative, said all the eight persons - Chikkcheluvaiah, his wife Puttamma, brother Doddacheluvaiah, son Kumar, grandsons Roshan and Rohit, cousin Appaswamy and daughter in-law Jyothi -- were cremated, and so was the body of vehicle driver Dileep of Thonchikoppal.Meanwhile, two of the 14 relatives who are undergoing treatment at Apollo Hospital are critical. The condition of Chikkacheluvaiah's another brother Narasimha and his sister, is critical and are in ICU.Protest Against MinisterTension prevailed near Abul Kalam Circle after the relatives of the accident victims resorted to flash protest, keeping the bodies demanding on-the-spot compensation.The authorities concerned had released a portion of compensation to the next of kin for cremation, but the protesters staged a road block, demanding immediate release of the remaining amount. Vehicular movement near the road junction was disrupted for nearly an hour around noon.Meanwhile, the protesters vent their anger against district minister S A Ramdas for allegedly not visiting the relatives of the victims. The accident happened when a maxicab was ferrying them to an engagement and collided with a KSRTC bus head-on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12658125", "title": "Severe power crisis likely to cripple Bihar this summer", "text": "PATNA: Bihar is likely to face acute power crisis during this summer. NTPC's power plant (200 MW) at Farakka (unit-3) has already been shut down for annual maintenance since April 1 for a period of 35 days.NTPC's another plant (500 MW) at Kahalgaon in Bhagalpur district is non-functional due to the shortage of coal since April 10. Bihar's lone thermal power station at Barauni in Begusarai district is almost non-operational since March 17. It hardly generates few MWs of power a few days in a month, said an official.Bihar's joint venture power plant which is currently under renovation and maintenance is closed since November 3, last year. Bihar received a meager -- approximately 1200 MW -- of power on Friday from the Central sector as against its sanctioned allocation of 1,772 MW. In addition, Bihar received 500 MW of power from the open market.To minimize the impending crisis during summer, the BSEB has purchased additional 500 MW of power from March 01 through power trading agreement.According to official sources, the BSEB, through mid-term agreement at the rate of Rs 4.41 per unit, got 200 MW power from Ahmedabad-based Adani Powers Limited, one of the largest private sector thermal power producers in the country, from March 1, 2012, and this agreement will be in place till December 31, 2015.The remaining 300 MW of power, BSEB got it from NTPC Vidyut Vyapar Nigam Limited from March 1, 2012, and will do so till August 31, 2012.Out of the total availability of approximately 1,700 MW of power, Patna Electric Supply Undertaking (Pesu) has been allocated 500 MW of power to meet its demands. The BSEB has to give additional 365 MW of power to emergency services like the railways, Nepal , border areas, power sub-stations and industries, said BSEB spokesman H R Pandey.As a result, major parts of Bihar, including Patna, witnessed frequent power cuts during peak evening hours.Bihar has already sought from the Centre additional 500 MW of power. Bihar has also demanded maximum allocation from the hydel power projects developed in Bhutan by the GOI.The quality of coal is also a major concern for the power stations. The cost of imported and indigenous coal has increased considerably in the recent years. This has resulted in steep rise in the coal prices.The BSEB has also signed power purchase agreement for procurement of 450 MW of power from Essar Power ( Jharkhand ) Limited. It is expected to commence from July 9, 2014.\"The residents will not have to suffer prolong and frequent power cuts this summer. A new grid sub-station at Sampatchak would also be ready by the end of May,\" said Pandey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12656109", "title": "India throws open FDI window for Pakistan as warmth sets in", "text": "NEW DELHI: Suddenly, the horizon in the neighbourhood appears to be brightening. For the first time ever, India on Friday decided to allow foreign direct investment (FDI) from Pakistan - a step that signals growing warmth in the relations between the two nuclear-armed neighbours.Until now, Pakistan was the only country from where FDI was not allowed. The decision to allow FDI may not lead to an immediate rush of investments from Pakistan, but it does show that the two sides are now eager to do business and significantly raise the level of trade and economic engagement between them. \"India has taken an in-principle decision as part of trade normalization process to allow foreign direct investment from Pakistan,\" commerce, industry and textiles minister Anand Sharma told a news conference here after a meeting with his Pakistani counterpart Makhdoom Amin Fahim. \"Procedural requirements are underway and it will be notified soon,\" Sharma said.No further details were available but officials had earlier told TOI that after the rules are amended, investments can come through the foreign investment promotion board (FIPB) route into sectors where foreign investment is allowed.FIPB has representatives from all ministries, including home, and scrutinizes proposals which are referred to it. \"As confidence levels rise, you will see more companies willing to set up ventures in both countries. Initially companies will prefer trading,\" said a senior government official, who did not wish to be identified.Right now, the focus is on trade and sectors like tourism, education, health and hospitality. Opening up trade and investment is likely to cut down the illegal trade between the two sides which is estimated to be worth $10 billion (the official trade is currently only $2.7 billion). This illegal trade, routed mainly via Dubai and Singapore , is now expected to be officially routed.Government leaders hope that progress in these areas will generate greater confidence in each other which, in turn, will lay the basis for some meaningful political breakthrough in bilateral relations. \"Economic cooperation and mutual gain are often the basis for building political trust. If there's a stake in the ties, no one wants to rupture them,\" said a senior official.Anand Sharma said both sides are keen to open bank branches and discussions are on to thrash out details. \"The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the State Bank of Pakistan are talking to each other,\" he said.Fahim, who is in India as part of the trade talks between the two countries, said there has been progress for allowing banking services and both sides were engaged in discussions to take it forward. Pakistan has organized a 'Lifestyle Show' in New Delhi as part of the ongoing process of enhancing trade ties.Sharma said the two sides have decided to initiate discussion on cooperation on tourism, hospitality and education. They have also decided to set up the India-Pakistan Business Council with co-chairs from both sides. He said the contours of the council would be announced soon. He added that India and Pakistan have agreed in principle to ease visa rules for business travel.The two sides have agreed on one-year, multiple-entry visas and an agreement is expected soon. Pakistan agreed to normalize trade and moved closer last month to granting most-favoured nation (MFN) status to India by switching to a system of \"negative lists\" that will restrict the import of around 1,200 items from India, compared to the earlier regime where only 1,900 products were permitted to be shipped across the border.Sharma said opening up of business between the two neighbours will shut trade through third countries and benefit both countries. \"India is a very big market and Pakistan's economy will benefit. We will increase connectivity for easier commodity trade,\" he said.Experts say huge potential exists for increasing trade from the current level of $2.7 billion and some estimates it can be raised to $10 billion. India and Pakistan also opened the second gate at the Attari-Wagah border which is expected to boost the flow of trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12663509", "title": "Mumbai Congress leader Kripashankar booked under Arms Act", "text": "MUMBAI: Congress leader Kripashankar Singh, accused of amassing disproportionate assets (DA), has been booked under the Arms Act for allegedly possessing bullets beyond permissible limits, and declared as a wanted accused, police sources said on Saturday.The former Mumbai Congress president possessed 14 bullets of 12 bore, 72 cartridges of .32 bore, nine of 7.65 bore and 15 bullets of 8 mm calibre, all beyond permissible limits. The bullets were recovered from his flat in suburban Bandra last month, they said.While attaching properties of the former Maharashtra minister as per a Bombay high court order, a special investigation team (SIT) stumbled upon 400 'live' bullets at his flat, the sources said.After going through the firearm licences issued to the Congress leader and his family, the SIT concluded that Singh, also an MLA, held 110 bullets more than the limits set by the licence terms, police sources said.\"Subsequently an FIR was registered against Singh under relevant sections of the Arms Act and he was declared a wanted accused,\" said an officer at Nirmal Nagar police station.The Economic Offences Wing of Mumbai Police in March attached all properties of Singh and his family in the city after lodging an FIR against them in the DA case.Singh and his family owned 12 properties in Mumbai, one each in Panvel, Ratnagiri (Maharashtra) and another in his native place in Uttar Pradesh, according to the HC order.The HC had on February 22 ordered the prosecution of Singh for \"criminal misconduct\" under the Prevention of Corruption Act and attachment of his properties. His family members were alleged to have abetted the commission of offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new model town", "code": "12658334", "title": "Gurpreet holds party to usher in New Year", "text": "NEW MODEL TOWN: Thirty-year-old businessman Gurpreet Singh and his family decided to celebrate Baisakhi and usher in the Punjabi New Year, with friends and their families at their house in New Model Town.''I hosted a party for my friends and their families at my place. We not only danced and enjoyed ourselves, but also relished amazing festive dishes together,'' he said.He added, ''Me and my wife Navneet Kaur feel that since we enjoy and celebrate the Christian New Year, we should also usher in the Punjabi new year with same enthusiasm.''Their 8-year-old son Gursharan Singh and 3-year-old daughter Bhanvneet Kaur also enjoyed the gathering attended by Gurpreet's friend Summittar Pal Singh, a businessman from Model Town and his wife Jasmeet Kaur and their two-year-old son Harshdeep Singh.Naveen Kumar, an engineer and a resident of Dugri Phase I, and his wife Vandana, also joined the party along with their 3-year-old daughter Muskan.''This is a time when nature is bountiful and plants start growing, thus truly making it the beginning of a new year. Why not celebrate our own new year which holds equal relevance,'' questions Sumittar Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12658840", "title": "Youth dies in accident", "text": "MANGALORE: Vijay Acharya, 26, a resident of Kulai-Honnakatte died and his friend Adarsh of Kukkeri village in Belthangady taluk sustained serious injuries when an unidentified vehicle collided against the motorcycle on which they were travelling in Panambur along NH 66 late on Thursday. Vijay worked as a transport car driver for Vijaya Karnataka.He was returning home and was scheduled to head back to work to supply newspaper on his route. While Vijay succumbed to injuries, Adarsh is undergoing treatment.A case has been registered at Panambur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657432", "title": "Sodomy case: Court reduces term to 6 months after convict faces trial for 16 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man who was given a three-year jail term last year for sodomising a minor boy has been given relief by a trial court. The court reduced the man's punishment to six months on the ground that he faced the trial for 16 years.District judge RK Gauba reduced the sentence saying that the convict, Om Prakash, now has a family to look after. He also set off the six month's jail term against the imprisonment undergone by the convict from December 1996 to July 5, 1997.The court gave the order while dismissing youth's appeal against his conviction by the magisterial court, but it reduced the jail term saying there was \"scope for reduction\".\"The magistrate has appreciated the evidence led before him in proper light applying the correct principles of law. The findings reached cannot be faulted and must be upheld. There is no merit in the appeal to the extent it challenges the conviction,\" said the court dismissing the appeal against conviction.The court reduced the sentence saying, \"Coming to the question of sentence, I find there is scope for reduction. The incident occurred in November 1996. The appellant (Om Prakash) at that stage was a young boy of 18-19 years. He has faced these proceedings for over 16 years.\"He is now a married person with children...the sentence of rigorous imprisonment for six months should meet the end of justice,\" the judge said.The case dates back to November 14, 1996, when a 12-year-old boy, on his way home with a friend, stopped in a park to pick berries. Om Prakash took the boy behind bushes, sodomised him and fled the spot, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657514", "title": "Speed up Phase-III: Metro chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you're worried about the massive traffic diversions planned for phase-III of the Delhi Metro network, you're not alone. Reports on traffic chaos due to work by the Delhi Metro at ITO and Mandi House have prompted the new managing director of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation to directly take stock.Singh visited the Janpath site last week, and followed that up with a meeting with all the chief project managers (CPM) on Thursday. He has now asked all CPMs to speed up the timeline of the projects so that the sites and roads affected are handed over before the original deadline.Sources said that Singh in the meeting asked all CPMs to get detailed traffic diversions planned.\"The emphasis was on not letting construction work inconvenience the public. There have been several reports on how the traffic diversion plans could hamper the movement of vehicles, which is a perception that Singh wants changed,\" added the source.Singh has also asked that trial runs of the diversions be monitored carefully by DMRC before they are fully implemented. The suggestion comes after the traffic plan proposed initially for the ITO station came under a lot of criticism for displacing a large number of vehicles in the area. The Delhi Metro thereafter changed the traffic plan.Diversions are expected to be in place at ITO from later this month after a go-ahead from the Delhi traffic police.Delhi Metro officials have now been asked to speed up work, and ensure that the roads affected are handed over before the scheduled time. \"For instance, the timeline for the ITO station and tunnel construction is two years. Singh has asked that this be made shorter, so that the diversions can be removed earlier,\" added the source.A large part of the new corridors - Mukundpur to Yamuna Vihar and Janakpuri (west) to Botanical Garden - will also lie through congested areas where large scale diversions would need to be put in place.The construction work on phase III is the first litmus test for Singh four months after taking over the DMRC.Since Singh took over, a number of technical glitches on the existing network have been making headlines, from malfunctioning doors to technical issues with the overhead electrical equipment.The Delhi traffic police's thumbs down to the initial traffic plan for the extension of the Central Secretariat-Kashmere Gate corridor had only added to the negative perception of Delhi Metro's work, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661739", "title": "Tigmanshu to make period film on Begum Samru", "text": "Director Tigamanshu Dhulia would soon make a period film based on the life of Begum Samru, most likely with actress Rani Mukherjee .The period movie is based on the life of Begam Samru who started her career as a nautch girl in 18th Century India, and eventually became the ruler of Sardhana, a principality near Meerut. \"I had written the script for 'Begum Samru' four-five years back. I had written something earlier first.. now making changes in it. There is some time for 'Begum Samru'. But I will definitely make that film,\" Tigmanshu told PTI.Tigmanshu, who is basking in the glory of recent hits like Paan Singh Tomar and Saheb Biwi Gangster , had approached the No One Killed Jessica star for the film. \"I had approached Rani. Besides her, I haven?t approached anyone yet,\" he said.Begam Samru played a key role in the political power struggle in 18th and 19th century. She was the head of a professionally trained mercenary army, inherited from her European mercenary husband, Walter Reinhardt Sombre. This mercenary army consisted of Europeans and Indians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657094", "title": "DIAL deploys staff to beat stir at IGI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The aerobridge operators' strike at IGI airport entered its second day with about 40 operators staying away from work on Friday. After the initial disruption in flights on Thursday night, the airport management authority DIAL had to station its own staff at the international side of terminal 3 to ensure smooth working of aerobridges.Delhi International Airport (P) Ltd (DIAL) also filed an FIR against three-four staff members of ICS, the private firm that has been contracted to handle aerobridge operations at T3. \"When the operators officially went on strike, they also attempted to damage the aerobridges. Between 9pm, when the strike started, and midnight, all aerobridges were lying dysfunctional. DIAL had to deploy a team of engineers to service them and finally all were set right by about 2.30-3am,\" said an airport source.A DIAL spokesperson said, \"The staff left the workplace without permission. When the airport's maintenance team entered the passenger boarding bridges, they found obvious evidences of vandalism, including missing control fuse, removal of vital wires and cross-connection of wires, and breaking of control cabinet locks.\"Delhi Police officials said a case had been registered against some operators for causing mischief. While nobody has been named in the FIR, the management is said to have conveyed some names to police informally. \"None of the striking staff is being permitted to enter the terminal. The matter is under investigation,\" said a senior cop.The workers had been involved in a dispute with ICS over wages and work hours and the matter is pending in the labour court. \"The staff had given a strike notice a few weeks ago but had not mentioned a date. Some people also reported that one person had been sacked recently and he instigated the others to strike,\" said a source.Sources said the most severe impact of the strike was felt on Thursday night when none of the 78 aerobridges was functional. Several flights were delayed. \"Nobody was prepared for the strike and, hence, there were no buses and step ladders to cater to the flights. Many fliers were also stuck in aeroplanes for some time,\" said an airport staff member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657381", "title": "Various city communities mark birth of New Year with festivities", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Various communities from different states who are residing in the city ushered in their traditional New Year with much fun fare and festivities on Friday.While the day was the first one of the New Year for the Oriya, Punjabi and the Manipuri community, other communities including Bengalis and the Malayalees were seen gearing up for the celebration of their new year's day which falls on Saturday.While the Punjabis call their new year Baisakhi, the Manipuris call it Cheiraoba, and the Oriyas call it Tana Sankranti. Like wise, Kollavarsham or Kollam Era in Malayalam and Naba Barsha in Bengali is on Saturday.Gurjeet Kaur, a resident of Sattelite in the city said, \"Baisakhi is one of the most important festivals for us. We celebrate it to mark the birth of Khalsa on this day. On this day, as we do every year, we have prayers at home and indulge in charity works.\"Explaining how they celebrated their new year a Kalpana Sahoo, a Oriya resident of Gandhinagar , said, \"Our new year marks the beginning of summer. We begin the celebration today and it will go on for a month. It is an elaborate practice in which we make a drink called Tana from fresh milk, dahi and fresh fruits like mango and cucumber and others. Another drink called Chhatua is also prepared from wheat and gram flour. These are offered to the Tulsi plant in the courtyard. This goes on for a month.\"The city also had many Bengali and Malayalee families shopping for beginning their celebration of the New Year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659086", "title": "No stay on film awards", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Friday refused to stay the State film awards for the year 2010-11 .Justice Mohan Shantanagoudar ordered notice to the state government by observing that any award to be conferred will be subject to the result of the petition filed by Priya Hassan, a Kannada actress. In her petition, Priya Hassan had contended that the selection process of the awards was vitiated as two members of the advisory board had links to the the two films that were selected for the awards on account of their influence.She has cited that Ashok Kashyap, a member of the advisory board, was the cinematographer in the awardwinning \"Super \" and another member Hema Choudhary had acted in the film \" Sogasugaara \" that was selected for the award. She claimed that this has violated the provisions of section 3(2)( c) of the Karnataka State Awards for Feature Film Rules ,1984.She further claimed that her film \" Bindaas Hudugi \" was intentionally overlooked though she had done good work on the story, screenplay and also doing stunts/fights herself. The state government had announced the awards list on April 9.'Grant of fishing rights not under transparency act'In an important verdict, a three-judge full bench of thehigh court has held that the grant of fishing rights can't be equated with other natural resources and hence it doesn't come under the purview of the Karnataka Transparency in Public Procurement Act, 1999.The bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen has also said that the state's policy regarding grant of fishing rights is not perverse and therefore does not brook jural interference.\"In granting leases of water bodies for fishing, state has not procured or purchased any goods or services . Even if the leasing of lakes/tanks is seen as a device to procure fish, Transparency Act is not attracted since fish does not fall within the ambit of goods as defined in the Act,'' the bench has observed in its verdict.The controversy relates to fishing rights in the TG Halli reservoir. The single bench had said that it should be done as per the requirement of the Transparency Act.New Bench ConstitutedThe special division bench comprising Justice Ajit Gunjal and Justice B V Nagarathna will hear from Monday the PIL filed by the Advocates Association of Bangalore (AAB) seeking a CBI probe into the March 2 violence at the city civil court. The constitution of the bench was necessitated after Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen recused himself from hearing the case on Thursday.High Court DossierKSPCB chief summonedNot appreciating the conduct of non-appearance despite the service of court notice, a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Friday directed the chairman of KSPCB to be present in court on June 12 in connection with a PIL. In the PIL, the petitioner has contended that an automobile service/repair centre in a residential area at Ramaswamy Palya in JC Nagar is causing noise/air and water pollution. The automobile service centre owners on the other hand contended that they had the requisite certificate from the Pollution Control Board.'Yediyur shrine can be renovated' :A division bench has permitted the construction/ renovation of the Yediyur Siddhalingeshwara temple in Tumkur district under the supervision of the state archeological department. The authorities informed the court that the centuries-old sanctum sanctorum will not be touched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657403", "title": "UP government reshuffles 32 district magistrates", "text": "LUCKNOW: In another round of administrative reshuffle, the Uttar Pradesh government on Friday transferred 70 IAS officers, including 32 district magistrates and five divisional commissioners. With this, the total number of IAS officers transferred since the Samajwadi Party came to power on March 15 this year has gone up to 221. The total authorised strength of the UP cadre is 537.Of the 221 transfers that have been effected since the government took over, there are instances where the same officer has been moved multiple times.On Friday, the government also transferred 127 PCS officers. In nearly a month since the new government was sworn in, a total of 1,173 officers from the IAS, PCS, IPS and PPS cadres, have been transferred from their existing posts or given additional charges.So far, Majid Ali, the 1980 batch IAS officer has been transferred the most number of times since March 15. Ali, a former chief of the U.P. State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) was believed to be close to former CM Mayawati.This though, is still not the end of the reshuffling process. Sources confirmed there are more transfers in the pipeline, with the entire exercise likely to end only by the end of April. Though the SP government may appear to be on a transferring spree, large-scale bureaucratic reshuffles have been the norm after the arrival of a new government.In her first term as the chief minister in 1995, a government that lasted four months and 14 days, Mayawati effected 550 transfers of IAS officers. Her second regime -- for all of 6 months in 1997 -- saw 777 heads rolling. Her third stint at the top job saw 970 transfers while the number crossed 1,200 in Mayawati's five-year term in the CM office.By that logic, the mass-scale transfers in the SP government have nearly beaten Maya's record. Though this tally does not include state-level employees, even the secretariat staff has not been spared.After Mayawati's top babus were shown the door soon after Akhilesh Yadav took over as the chief minister, the secretariat staff was also asked to follow suit. A Class I employee in the chief minister's secretariat, said:\"Even if we have worked without bias, people tend to get branded as belonging to one or the other camp. Hence, the transfers.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12658390", "title": "Captain Amarinder Singh may continue as Congress chief for now", "text": "Khushwant Singh AhluwaliaCHANDIGARH: In spite of electoral setback in Punjab, Amarinder Singh may be retained as Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee chief for the time being, sources in AICC have indicated.Punjab Congress is going through a rough phases as a few party leaders, including former chief minister Rajinder Kaur Bhattal, MP Partap Singh Bajwa, Jagmeet Brar, Sukhpal Singh Khaira and Union minister Ashwini Kumar, demanding Amarinder's ouster and blaming him and his coterie for the poll debacle.Sources said one of the reasons why Amarinder would be retained for the time being was that the party is yet to find an alternative. It feels that the combination of Sunil Jakhar, who has been appointed as the CLP leader, and Amarinder is good as the former represents the Hindu face, a vote bank that did not fully back the Congress in the elections.The party high command, they added, feels that leaders who are clamouring for Amarinder's removal are not united among themselves, except on the point of Amarinder's removal from PCC post. The other factor that has gone in Amarinder's favour is that the Congressmen gunning for him are the same who have been opposing him for years, except for the addition of Sukhpal Khaira and a few young leaders who were more miffed with his coterie than Amarinder himself.Dissidents who met AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Thursday were asked why the entire blame was being fixed on Amarinder, when one of the reasons for loss could be weak campaigning by party candidates themselves.However, sources added that Amarinder, unlike before, would not enjoy the same stature and his performance would be constantly monitored. \"Earlier, he was never challenged in Delhi and all his demands were ceded to,\" they said.The other factor that is going against Amarinder besides his accessibility is the loss of his son Raninder from Samana. \"If a leader of the stature of Amarinder could not ensure the victory of his son, that, too, from Patiala parliamentary constituency, it is a huge negative for him,\" they added. This means that he did not identify the right candidates on some seats which led to losses, the party sources claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656536", "title": "Vacation camps give parents a break", "text": "CHENNAI: When schools close for the holidays, the first worry that working parents have is about where they're going to leave their children all day. Sensing a business opportunity, a number of day care centres in the city have started offering 'vacation care' for children of working parents. Several are offering full day, month-long summer camps too so that parents don't have to worry till the schools reopen.A week before school lets out is when the mom with a full-time job begins to panic. While school would have kept her children occupied all through her working day, the month or two-month summer holidays have her making calls to friends and family in an attempt to figure out how she can make sure the children are looked after, kept occupied and safe while she continues her job. And two hours a day at summer camp just won't cut it.\"I can't take two whole months off,\" says Tina Cherian, who has two children. \"My work place is so far from my house that I cannot just send them to summer camps, which wind up in a couple of hours,\" she says.Since she announced a full-day summer camp package, Bamboola director Sujatha Vijay has been getting an average of six enquiries a day from working mothers. The package offers care from 9am to 6pm or 7pm. \"The May slots are full but we are still getting calls,\" says Vijay. Of the 160 children signed up for various camps, 100 are for the full-day one. \"Most parents say they look for vacation care because grandparents are either working or off to another part of the world to look after other grandchildren,\" she adds.Working mother Saranya L booked her child for full-day vacation care last month so she would be assured of a spot. \"I cannot take even one day off this summer and I do not have a full-time maid,\" she says.While day-care centre Kanchana Paati has been offering vacation care packages for a while, newer playschools are getting into the act. Sridevi Raghavan of Amelio Day Care says she has been inundated with enquiries about vacation care for the last few weeks. \"We've never had so many enquiries. We get about 30 calls a day asking if we can care for children all day during the summer holidays. We are quickly putting together four-week and six-week packages for the summer. These calls are not coming in from our regulars but from others who are looking for something for the summer,\" says Raghavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657465", "title": "IPS officer Vipul Agrawal\u2019s bail rejected", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday rejected a bail application filed by suspended IPS officer Vipul Agrawal, who has been arrested in connection with the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case.Agrawal has been charged of being involved in the conspiracy of extra-judicial killing of the gangster. In December 2006, Tulsiram was killed in a police encounter on Rajasthan border in Banaskantha, and Agrawal was the superintendent of police then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12658342", "title": "Bhokta celebrated in Pundru", "text": "BOKARO: Bhokta festival was celebrated with pomp and traditional vigour by hundreds of villagers in Pundru on Friday.People thronged to watch devotees offer prayers to Shiva-Parvati with iron hooks pierced into their backs and hung from ropes tied to bamboo swings. Also known as Charak Puja, the festival is celebrated here by Hindus as well as Muslims for the past 169 years.Villagers here, however, have a different way of celebrating the festival. In their bid to appease the deity, a procession is taken out for more than a century here with piercings all over the body of the devotees. It is also celebrated in Kasmar, Ramdimore, Jaridih and Nawadih.Like every year, people from far off places came to Pundru to participate in the celebrations. Every family in the village has at least one member who makes offerings - by piercing iron hooks into their bodies.\"Seeing the devotees swinging from trees with pierced iron hooks from a height of around 50 feet was scary. They also performed Chau on the occasion,\" said Sunita Devi, a resident of Chas who came here for the festival.Ashok Rai, a local resident, said the devotees start preparing a month ahead for the festival. \"They are called Bhoktas and are on fast for the day. They strongly believe that offerings to Shiva and Paravti will bring them fortune,\" he said.A village priest explained the legend of Lord Shiva indulging in 'tandav' on being separated from his beloved Parvati. On the day of Bhokta, devotees share the pain of Shiva by piercing objects to their bodies and offering prayers to the lord.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12657475", "title": "When Amman is dressed up in currency on New Year", "text": "COIMBATORE: It is tough not to gape when one stands before the sanctum sanctorum of Ambigai Muthumariamman temple near Kattur in the city. The enclosure that has the idol is decked with wads of currency notes of Rs 1,000 denomination and Mariamman herself is covered in gold plates. A bowl kept in front of the idol is filled with gold ornaments, diamonds and jewels.It is an annual tradition for devotees to place these offerings in front of the goddess ahead of Chithirai Kani and collect them after blessed by Mariamman. \"It is believed that whatever offering is made to decorate the sanctum sanctorum of the temple on Chithirai Kani will be returned in double to the devotee along with year-long prosperity,\" said V R Geetha, a devotee after the evening prayers on Friday.The temple is managed by a trust and the unique currency note and ornament special puja is being carried out for the last 72 years. On Friday alone, the offerings at the temple came to about Rs five crore in currency and another Rs 1.5 crore in gold ornaments and jewels.\"A ledger is maintained and we take down the name and amount offered by the devotees at least a week before the festival. We then exchange the currency at banks for fresh notes and use them to decorate the sanctum sanctorum,\" says R Krishnan, managing trustee, Ambigai Muthumariamman temple.The money and valuables collected from the devotees are returned after the puja. Temple trustees add that there has never been a complaint from any devotee in the past 72 years. Two personnel from the nearby Kattur police station are deployed at the temple to provide security and avoid any untoward incidents at the temple during the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12658920", "title": "Four injured as bus rams arch gate", "text": "MYSORE: A KSRTC driver averted a major road mishap on Lalit Mahal Road here on Thursday morning.The incident took place when Sharanappa Shivamurthy Hadapa was driving the bus towards Thayur village from the city bus stand. Sharanappa averted a tragedy when two persons, travelling on a motorbike, skidded and fell right in front of the bus, and he managed to take the vehicle off the road. However, the bus rammed the arch gate, because of which four bus passengers, including himself, were injured. Hadapa has registered a complaint against the two bikers for negligent driving at Lashkar traffic police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12663868", "title": "'Hate Story' has become the talking point: Nikhil Dwivedi", "text": "Actor Nikhil Dwivedi feels anxious these days. Just days before the release of his film 'Hate Story' directed by Vivek Agnihotri and produced by Vikram Bhatt.But he laughs and says, \"I am anxious but not nervous. Being nervous is not part of my personality.\" He adds with a laugh, \"Yes, there are no butterflies in the stomach.\"Even before the release of his film (Hate Story is slated for release on April 20), it has already hit the headline. \" Yes , the film is the talking point. It's a revenge saga. It's a thriller. So far it has been able to generate good response. The audiences will see eroticism in a different way.\"Going by the reports, Nikhil has played the role with no negative shades. \"I was offered the other part in the film. But I am a slightly shy person. I am the only character in the film which has 'white' elements. It's not a loud character. It's a sheer challenge to portray a role which is not completely author-backed. I really enjoyed doing the film.\"Did he turn down the other part because he was not comfortable doing a role which involved doing intimate scenes? He says, \"It's not about being comfortable. It's about whether as an actor I am convinced about doing it. As an actor, if I m not honest to my craft then it will definitely show on the screen. An actor can't afford to be fake. Just because Akshay Kumar is doing action scenes with such elan that does not mean that every actor would look convincing in those action scenes.\"As an actor, he thinks that Hindi film industry is yet to have a film like Basic Instinct or Fatal Attraction . So, in that light he feels, \"Hate Story is definitely a bold attempt to tell a story like this. Whether people will like the film or not is a different question. In the light of changing times, we must tell stories which are different from each other. The challenge lies in pushing our creative boundaries.\"And he has a word of appreciation for Paoli Dam , his co-star in the film. \"Paoli is a very ambitious actor. It's good to have a co-star who's hungry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12658078", "title": "Students peeved over Barkatullah University non-teaching staff stir", "text": "BHOPAL: The ongoing strike of non-teaching staff of Barkatullah University has put students to inconvenience, especially those who come to the city from outside for the varsity-related worked. There are more than 350 colleges under the university's jurisdiction in eight districts.Surprisingly, the strike did not affect the executive council meeting on Friday as the non-teaching staff was functioning when the meeting was going on in the Satya Bhavan, the administrative block of the university. The university non-teaching staff has been on strike from April 10 in support of their pension and other benefits.\"I came from Hoshangabad, 90 km from Bhopal, to collect my degree. But, the counter was closed. Now, I have to come again,\" said a student Prashant Sikarwar from Hoshangabad.Another student from Betul-Rakesh Sonane- had gone to the university with somequeries on exams had to return disappointed.Surprisingly, the non-teaching staff, which includes clerks and class IV employees continued their work during the EC. They were seen passing on official files and papers to the EC members as the meeting went on.\"It is too much. For students, they are on strike. For the EC members, they work. The EC members were getting files from clerks and even peons were there to serve members. What kind of strike is it?\" a student Shreya Pant, who had also come from Betul for admission enquiry, said.\"They have shut down everything. No counter is functioning. Either I have to be in Bhopal to wait for the strike to be over or go back home. In both case, I have to suffer,\" said a student, Kartik Mishra, who came from Hoshangabad.Another student said the university should have made other arrangements in such a situation. \"Strike in university is a not a new thing. But the authorities should ensure that the students do not suffer,\" said an MBA student Raksha Sharma from Vidisha who had came to enquire about her mark-sheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12656978", "title": "Improve government schools to reduce pressure on us: Private schools", "text": "NOIDA: The Supreme Court's decision to uphold the RTE Act, mandating 25% free seats to poor students, has most schools in Noida agreeing with the law in principle, but some have expressed concern about the government's role in implementing the law. Schools said that while the aim of inclusive education is essential, the poor condition of government schools need to be looked at to ensure that pressure on private schools decreases.Private schools said that while they welcome the decision in principle, the step also highlights the lack of performance by the government's own schools and creates an undue pressure on private schools. \"While the integrations of students from economically weaker sections into mainstream schooling will be beneficial for the overall development of both schools, it needs to be noted that major revamping needs to be done to the government schools,\" said Anuradha Sharma, principal, Ryan International School.Other schools argued that the move clearly showed that the state has shifted its responsibility to private institutions and such a move would eventually lead to an increase in the fees of private schools. \"Government schools in the state are failures while teachers working in them are mere wage-earners. While this is a welcome step for me as an educationist, this move will eventually affect the common man who will have to bear increase in fees in private schools,\" said Aasha Prabhakar, principal, Bal Bharti School.Others schools were however cautious not to comment upon the apex courts order and have decided to wait for further clarification on the implications of the order. \"We provide free education to a number of boys and girls while the children of employees, who fall under the EWS category, also educated for free. We are waiting for clarification of the order before we take any step,\" said Savita Mehta, spokesperson, Amity Noida.Educationists, however, welcomed the judgment and said that it is not legally possible for private schools to hike school fees. \"If any school does so, in spite of getting financial aid from the government, then it is nothing short of extortion. Further, if any school does genuinely require financial aid in order to support poor students who will receive free education, then it is possible for them to apply to the government for a grant,\" said Ashok Aggarwal, Social Jurist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12657865", "title": "Tankers resume water supply to Verna industries", "text": "PANAJI: Industries in Verna were facing problems due to water shortage and the water tanker strike. But now the situation has started to return to normal.GCCI president Manguirish Pai Raikar said, \"The situation has started to normalize now as the chief minister Manohar Parrikar gave an assurance that the water resources department would provide water from a source in Davorlim.\" Raikar said the tankers have resumed supplying water from Friday night after the CM threatened to de-register the tankers if they continued with the strike.Earlier, a delegation of 30-40 representatives from industrial units in Verna met the state industries minister before meeting Parrikar. The delegation was led by Prashant Shinde, president of the Verna Industrial Estate Association.The situation had arisen as there was a shortage of water in the villages near Verna which prevented tankers from obtaining water leading to the strike.A few pharmaceutical companies in the Verna industrial estate which are totally reliant on water tankers for water supply were among the units affected. Pharmaceutical companies like Lupin, Ratiopharm and Marksans were among the worst affected as they do not receive any water from the PWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657499", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav to seek more funds from PM for UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: After welcoming top political and corporate names on UP soil, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will now meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday in Delhi. At his first meeting with the PM after Akhilesh was sworn in as the CM, he is expected to take up various issues pertaining to the state government. Among key concerns that Akhilesh is expected to raise with the government is a proposal to increase the budget outlay for the state, with additional allocations for the power.Akhilesh will also attend the April 16 internal security meeting on National Counter Terrorism Centre. Sources said the CM is expected to remain in Delhi on April 17 to attend a meeting to discuss the Ganga Action Plan. Singh's meeting with Akhilesh also assumes significance in the wake of the 12th Five Year Plan, the implementation of which has been delayed owing to the process of government formation in the state.Aiming to put UP on the roadmap for progress, Akhilesh had, in a meeting with the planning department, said the state should grow at the rate of 10% per annum. He is also expected to ask for additional central doles for the development of Bundelkhand and east UP, both regions where the rate of growth has been considerably poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12657988", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation to continue supplying water to 21 fringe villages", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has decided to continue water supply to 21 fringe villages located outside the civic jurisdiction for the time being. A decision in this regard was taken in a meeting with the sarpanchs of the villages on Friday. In view of the water shortage and non-payment of Rs 15 crore as the water bill, the civic body was thinking of stopping water supply to the fringes villages. The civic body provides 16.80 MLD water to fringe villages including Manjari, Keshavnagar, Undri, Pisoli, Sadesataranali, Lohegaon, Wagholi, Shivane, Bavdhan, Sus, Mhalunge, Bhugaon, Narhe, Dhayari, Nanded, Kirkitwadi, Khadakwasla, Ambegaon, New Kopare, Kondhwe-Dhavade and Uttamnagar that fall within five km radius of the city.\"There are some issues related to water meters and billing. These need to be sorted out before making any decision related to water cuts. So we have decided to hold one more meeting after a month and take a call then,\" said mayor Vaishali Bankar, while addressing a news conference after the meeting.The sarpanchs said the bills sent to them were not accurate, so the civic body should not demand payment till an accurate billing system is in place.\"My village got a bill of Rs 2.74 crore, including Rs 74 lakh as charges for water tankers provided by the civic body. My village never used the services of water tankers over the last few years, so why are we being asked to pay for it?\" asked Purushottam Dharwadkar, sarpanch of Manjari village.Geeta Gujar, sarpanch of Mhalunge village, said the civic body should not take any decision that could lead to a dispute between residents of villages and the city areas.The sarpanchs also said that villagers were making many sacrifices for the city, hence the civic body should be lenient while deciding on the issue.\"The garbage from city areas is dumped in villages. Even the dams are built in our villages . But when it comes to getting water from these dams the villagers are getting step motherly treatment. It is not right,\" said Santosh Mate, sarpanch of Khadakwasla village.The civic officials said they will look into the complaints regarding water bills, but the villagers should pay the bills as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656985", "title": "Prominent Nationalist Congress Party leader shot dead", "text": "NAGPUR: Naxal action team shot dead the district vice-president of Nationalist Congress Party of India ( NCP) and former Etapalli sarpanch Kewal Saokar Atkamwar, alias Raju, in a dramatic way by opening fire on him and his friends at Shivaji chowk on Friday evening.District coordination committee member Prashant Kokkulwar and contractor Laxminarayan Warare too were injured in the attack. The reason for the attack is yet to be known.Atkamwar, whose son died in a road accident in Nagpur one-and-half years ago, was also former chairman of the Etapalli Zilla Parishad and former member of Panchayat Samitee. He succumbed to his injuries on the spot. Atkamwar and his friends had just attended a marriage and were chatting on the chowk when the incident took them by surprise.A group of nearly half-dozen Naxal cadres entered the suburban town and executed the killing at a spot within 300 meters of the police post. It is the third such killing of a prominent member of the society by Naxal action team at Etapalli after Border Road Organization engineer Ganeshan and contractor Sanjay Khedekar in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12657998", "title": "16 in fray for Pune Municipal Corporation school board posts", "text": "PUNE: Political party workers and members of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) are among the 16 persons who filed their nominations for the 13 seats of the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) school board on Friday.The 13 members will be elected by the corporators during polling on April 27. Each corporator can cast a maximum of 13 votes. The scrutiny of nominations will be held on April 22.The school board is an autonomous body that manages 294 civic schools which have Marathi, Urdu, Kannada and English as mediums of instruction. Nearly 80,000 students are enrolled in these schools.Three aspirants have filed their nominations in the scheduled caste/scheduled tribe category. Aspirants are requied to have at least finished fourth standard to apply in this category.In the open category of eight seats, 11 aspirants have filed their nominations. The minimum educational qualification required here is an eighth standard certificate.The third category is for aspirants who have finished their matriculation or studied further. Five aspirants have filed their nominations for three posts in this category. Apart from the 13 candidates, three candidates will be nominated by the state government. Meanwhile, heated words were exchanged between party workers and leaders when some aspirants were denied nomination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12657999", "title": "Edible oil worth Rs 3.5L seized", "text": "SURAT: With the view to curb black marketing of edible oil in the city following an increase in the prices across the state, the district supplies department has started a drive against the black marketers.In an operation carried out by the food and civil supplies department on Thursday, about 3.5 lakh worth of unaccounted stock of edible oil was seized from the traders. Official sources said the department had conducted surprise checking at the godowns of some of the major oil retailers in the city on Thursday. During the exercise, about 300 edible oil tins from about five oil traders in Katargam and Rani Talav areas.As per the rules, the oil traders can store upto 300 oil tins in their godown. But during the surprise checking, the supplies department found extra oil tins stored in the godown.\"All the edible oil tins have been seized by the department and further action is being taken against the oil traders,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "12658588", "title": "Transport officials face fresh probe for graft", "text": "BHIWANI: Following the court orders, police have decided to re-investigate a case related to charging of monthly bribe from truck operators by the alleged 'agents' of transport officials in Hisar in 2011.Police had filed a chargesheet against five accused, including a constable in the case, few months after arresting one of them red-handed taking the bribe money from a truck owner at Tosham (Bhiwani) on July 17, 2011. In the case, police had given clean-chit to the then Hisar regional transport authority (RTA) Mahabir Parsad Jangra, who is presently posted as a sub-divisional magistrate (SDM), Hansi.After hearing arguments on the question of framing of the charges last month, the court of Bhiwani additional sessions judge MM Dhonchak had reached a conclusion that \"all cannot be said to be was well with investigation of the case and this is a case which warrants further investigation\".\"What are the flaws in the investigation and those are not required to be delineated at this stage as it may hamper the course of investigation but this court is satisfied that the facts and circumstances of the case warrant re-investigation,\" the judge said asking for re-investigation by May 9.In his probe report, deputy superintendent of police, Bhiwani, Balbir Singh had said that the evidence had been gathered against police constable Ravinder Kumar, Dadri resident Bijender, alias Dillu, Rajasthan resident Ramniwas, Hisar residents Gaurav alias Sonu and Dinesh Kumar alias Dhannu under the Prevention of Corruption Act. \"No solid proof has come on record against RTA Mahabir Parsad and villager Narender,\" he added.In August, 2011, a resident of village Lalpura (Hisar), Manoj Kumar , who has three trucks, had complained to police that Gaurav took Rs 3,000 per truck monthly from him to give to the RTA. According to the complaint, later Ramniwas had started taking the bribe money to give it to the RTA after keeping his and Gaurav's commission. Then, police had arrested Ramniwas red-handed allegedly taking Rs 3,000 as bribe from the complainant.During the investigation, police had also enquired about the property details of the RTA, apart from questioning him. When contacted by TOI, Jangra denied to comment on the matter.Recently, the court was informed that the probe had been handed-over to ASP, Hansi, Rahul Sharma . The judge, on April 10, warned that if the time frame contained in earlier order was not honoured, appropriate action would be taken against the defaulter concerned.Box: Letters invite ire of judgeThe communications sent by the SP, Bhiwani, to the court about re-investigation of the case has invited ire of the judge. \"The communications received from the superintendent of police, Bhiwani should have been sent by way of an application before the court and not by way of a letter as has been done. The SP is advised not to send such letters to the court in future,\" said judge MM Dhonchak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12656750", "title": "Delhi set to get mega cultural multiplex", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital is set to get a world-class cultural multiplex of its own. \"The centre will be developed into a vibrant hub for world-class cultural performances,\" an official said.The plan to construct the centre has been charted out by the Planning Commission's working group on art and culture, which proposes to implement it over the 12th five-year plan in four phases.The panel headed by the secretary, culture ministry, has suggested that the complex could possibly be taken up as a public-private partnership project. The first three phases will be implemented through the departments and an SPV will be created by the ministry to implement the 4th phase.Delhi does not have a world-class integrated facility for hosting performing arts events, something which most capitals of the world have. The idea to have such a complex first got serious attention during the mid-term appraisal of the 11th Five Year Plan. But it could not be implemented as a proper site for the centre could not be made available in central Delhi.An official said a grand 'cultural multiplex' in the capital would be the perfect stage for showcasing India's performing arts. It would also host international productions, apart from developing its own repertory. \"The need for an international-class cultural complex has long been felt in the capital,\" the official said, adding that the existing facilities are isolated, inadequate and do not meet professional requirements for presenting large, state-of-the-art productions.The Planning Commission panel noted that as Mumbai already has a National Centre of Performing Arts and one is being proposed for Delhi, it will only be appropriate that such mega cultural complexes are also set up in Kolkata and Chennai during the 12th Plan, as joint Centre-state ventures. For these complexes, the Centre could bear up to 60% of the project cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12658356", "title": "Indian MPs team wins T20 match against British parliamentarians", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: In a friendly match played between Indian and British members of parliament at the HPCA stadium here on Friday, Indians won by putting up a target of 227 runs for the British team against which they only scored 170 runs after losing nine wickets in 20 overs.After the Indian team won the toss for the T20 match, it decided to bat first. Beginning at 10.30 am, the openers were Rajasthan MP Dushyant Singh and Kuldeep Bishnoi from Haryana.Mohammad Azharuddin with a 46-ball century, scored maximum runs among all the MPs. His century with 17 fours and two sixes contributed to the victory of the Indian team. Indian MPs' team captain Anurag Thakur scored 22 runs.Interestingly, it was the captains of both the teams who took the wickets of each other. Anurag Thakur was caught on the ball of Mathew Hancock, who is also a good cricketer otherwise. On the other hand, Hancock was bowled out by Thakur.The match was also enjoyed by chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , who was present there with his younger son Arun Dhumal.Hancock said that it was always disappointing to lose, but this T20 match had reduced the gap between the two countries.\"We were playing for the fun and it was a relation-building match. It was a nice experience for all of us. We are not distinguished cricketers but still we received hospitality of superior kind,\" he said.British MPs applauded the beauty of the stadium stating that it is very difficult for them in their country also to erect such a structure at this high attitude. Many of them were visiting to India for the first time and expressed their will to visit the place again in 2013 to see an ODI between England and India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659186", "title": "Pre-University students fear valuation quality", "text": "BANGALORE: The government and PU lecturers are on a collision course with both refusing to retreat from the brink on Friday, the day one of the strike. The evaluation of II PU answer scripts came to a standstill, but the striking lecturers expressed confidence that this won't derail the PU results schedule.Primary and secondary education minister Visveswara Hegde Kageri warned the teachers of punitive action if they didn't call off the boycott by Saturday. Students are worried about the quality of evaluation if the teachers rush through the process later.Teachers allay fears of delay in resultsBANGALORE : The PU lecturers from across the state who have descended on the Freedom Park said they will call off their strike if the government passes an order stating it will implement the Kumar Naik committee's report. \"Or else, we'll carry on our strike till April 19 when we meet the chief minister to resolve the issue,\" said Shakil Ahmed, secretary , Karnataka State PU Lecturers' Association.Shakil allayed fears of a delay in declaring the results. He said, \"Even if the government accepts our demands on April 19 , the results won't be delayed. Last year, a four-day strike didn't impact the results or the quality of valuation.\"The results must come before the CET, and the students are jittery. Akshaya Prabhakaran of Mount Carmel College said her batch is unlucky: first, the question paper leak, now the valuation boycott. \"Our worry is valuation might be done in a hurry to make up for the loss of time. Our appeal to lecturers: give us what we deserve, our future is at stake.\"With the strike looks set to drag on and the weekend setting in, outstation lecturers working out of Bangalore's 17 centres are heading home. Irshad Ahmed Palega, from Belgaum , said, \"Since the strike is indefinite, we've packed our bags to return home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657270", "title": "Sand mining: High court questions fine waiver", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Friday questioned the wisdom behind mines minister Galla Aruna Kumari's generous waiver of a penalty of Rs 1.5 crore which had been imposed on a Nizamabad sand contractor who, despite having mining interests spread over huge tracts, did not pay even the nominal fee to the state for the business.After mining officials imposed the penalty on the contractor, the minister waived it in October 2011 with just a two-line order which assigned no reason for this act of generosity.The division bench headed by Chief Justice Madan B Lokur brought this to light after going through bundles of note files that were furnished during the hearing on a public interest litigation challenging indiscriminate sand mining in the state and the government's inaction despite the threat to the environment thus caused. The HC directed the state government to furnish by Monday the list of errant contractors, penalties imposed on them and details of payments made so far in the matter of illegal sand mining.\"It is a tragedy. The minister who waived the penalty with just a two-line order did not even assign a reason for the waiver,\" the bench observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12661695", "title": "8 killed in sectarian attack in Pakistan's Quetta", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least eight persons, including seven members of the minority Shia Hazara community and a policeman, were killed in three separate incidents of firing in Quetta city of southwest Pakistan on Saturday, officials said.The first incident occurred on Brewery Road, where gunmen riding a motorcycle ambushed a taxi carrying members of the Hazara community.Six persons were killed instantly. The attackers managed to escape, police and witnesses said.In the second incident, gunmen fired at a group of people on Sabzal Road. A Hazara man was killed and another injured, police said.In yet another incident, a police constable was gunned down in Shalkot area on the outskirts of Quetta, the capital of Balochistan province.Quetta has been rocked by several incidents of sectarian violence this week.Members of the Hazara community were the target in most of these incidents and over a dozen Shias have been killed.Today's killings resulted in tension across Quetta and shops and commercial hubs were closed after the violence.At some places, members of the Hazara community organised protests against the killings. Several cars were torched outside the hospital where the bodies were taken.Protestors burnt tyres to block roads and fired in the air at some places. The Hazara Democratic Party called for a strike in Quetta.Additional policemen and Frontier Corps personnel were deployed to restore peace in the city. Deputy Inspector General of Police Qazi Wahid described today's violence as incidents of \"targeted sectarian killings\".Law enforcement personnel cordoned off several areas and launched a search operation to trace the attackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12648122", "title": "Wedding woes for Veena Malik", "text": "The decision taken by the U. S Based Turner Broadcasting System INC, a Time Warner company, to shut its Hindi general entertainment channel Imagine TV in the subcontinent came as shock to most on Thursday.In fact Mumbai Mirror has learnt from sources in the company that not all employees were aware of it till yesterday afternoon when the news was broke to them. Apart from the disgruntled viewers and distraught employees, the channel has also put Veena Malik's marriage plans in jeopardy.The Pakistani firebrand who took over Indian reality television with her outrageous ways and high heels, had decided to get married on TV following the ancient Indian custom of Swayamvar on a show titled the same. Once, the lady let her wishes be known, the production house got as many as 71,000 willing grooms as well. And after a few monetary issues, her wedding plans had been announced publicly amidst a lot of fanfare.But now, with the channel's decision to shut shop, the muchpublicised wedding plans have been nipped. A source close to the show told Mirror, \"The production house that handles the show is in a mess. The shoot had been planned in a foreign location. Initially, the makers had to go through a lot of problems post Veena's disappearing act and consequent nude cover shoot for a magazine. Sinc this went completely against the image of an Indian bride, the channel did not take it too lightly. The promos had been taken off air since the channel was reconsidering the inclusion of Veena in the show. But these rumours died down and the channel clarified later that Veena was indeed the face of the show.\"However, now again Veena's wedding has landed in trouble. Interestingly, on the show meant to join two people in holy matrimony, has seldom been successful. In the past, Rakhi Sawant after choosing a groom, refused to marry the man. However, the second celebrity face, Rahul Mahajan was luckier. He tied the knot with Dimpy, the winner of the show and despite a rocky patch, is still married to her.When contacted, Veena sounded disappointed. \"Neither the channel nor the production house has communicated anything to me about the future of the show. The call will be taken by them later,\" the spokesperson toldMirror.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12658175", "title": "Admission in all PG departments through Common Entrance Test", "text": "INDORE: From now onwards, admission in all 30 post graduation departments of Devi Ahilya Vishwa Vidhyalaya (DAVV) will be given through Common Entrance Test (CET), it was decided in executive council meeting of university on Friday. Till now, only admission in seven departments, which were running self-financing courses were given through CET. DAVV also decided to increase course fee by five percent and hostel fee by 25 per cent.Executive council member Ravi Saxena said that from the academic session of 2012-13 admission in all the department of University Teaching Department (UTD) campus will be given through CET. For the first time around 4000 seats in all 30 departments will be filled through CET. Till now only 1200 seats in seven departments of self financing courses were filled by CET.However, the decision will put additional burden on university of conducting CET for so many students. Right now university is struggling to conduct its semester examinations on time and come out with timely results. Some of the courses are running behind the schedule.Interestingly in last CE meet it was decided that DAVV will conduct on-line CET for the six departments. On Friday it was observed that as of now university is not in position to conduct on-line CET and go ahead with conventional method of CET. But at the same time it decided to conduct CET for all the departments.Meanwhile, EC appointed additional director (Higher Edcuation) Dr Narendra Dhakar as chairman of Unfair Means Committee (USM). It also decided to serve seven day notice to Manish Rathod for levelling baseless allegation against VC, EC members and principal secretary to governor. One Manish Rathod had written a letter to governor levelling serious allegation against VC, CE and principal secretary to governor. Following governor office had written a letter to university asking to take action against Rathod. EC members said that notice have been served and after seven days FIR will be filed against Rathod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12658289", "title": "Cabinet nod for acquisition of 6 more OPVs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has cleared the acquisition of six additional offshore patrol vessels (OPVs), for around Rs 1,800 crore, to add to the coastal security capabilities of the Coast Guard.The Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) meeting, held on Thursday, also cleared the IAF proposal to acquire over 500 PGMs (precision guided munitions) from Israel to arm its fighter jets.The six OPVs, which will be over 100-metre long and equipped with helicopter decks, will be constructed by defence PSU Goa Shipyard Limited (GSL). In wake of the 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai, the government has sanctioned virtually ``tripling'' of the Coast Guard force-levels to around 200 ships and 100 aircraft by 2018 to effectively tackle piracy and the terror threat emanating from sea, among other operational tasks.This is certainly required since the maritime security force is still making do with only about 100 ``surface'' and 45 ``air'' units, which includes 24 Dornier, 17 Chetak helicopters and four advanced light helicopters to protect India's 5,422-km coastline, 1,197 islands and 2.01 million sq km of Exclusive Economic Zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12657495", "title": "Medical college suspends 150 MBBS 1st year students for indiscipline in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: The tiff between suspended medical students and SN Medical College administration further deepened on Friday, with the students submitting a memorandum to the district collector demanding transfer of a professor and action against him for his alleged ill-treatment of the students in the class.Collector Siddharth Mahajan said the students of the medical college had come to him demanding action against a professor. \"I have sent the memorandum to the medical college administration to do the needful,\" he said.On the other hand, the Rajasthan Medical Teachers' Association has stepped in to support of the professor holding the students responsible for spoiling the atmosphere of the college.President of the association, D S Chouhan, said the students are not cooperating with the administration and instead of admitting their mistakes and apologizing, they are diverting the matter and alleging the professor of misbehavior.The college administration had suspended 150 students of MBBS first year by issuing an order on Wednesday following a complaint by a professor against the students for their indiscipline in the class and disregarding the teachers on Tuesday.The college administration summoned all students and asked for the name of those few miscreants, who were engaged in the indisciplinary activities. Following their refusal to disclose the names, the administration decided to suspend all of them with immediate effect and asked them to call their parents to the college on Monday. tnnAccording to a source, the college administration is also going to form a committee to prepare a detailed report of the entire episode and fix responsibilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12662741", "title": "Amala is not acting in Life is Beautiful", "text": "Amala Akkienni is not making a comeback, not now at least. The actress dismissed the rumors at a press conference recently. There were rumors that the actress was going to make a comeback with director Sekhat Kammula's latest flick Life is Beautiful. The film has been in the making for over a year now but the speculations surrounding the lead actress have not died down yet. Earlier it was reported that Shriya Saran was going to do a special role in the movie but that turned out to be false as well. Hopefully Sekhar Kammula will come out with a public announcement soon to end the ambiguity.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12658242", "title": "Missing man\u2019s card used in Bangkok", "text": "MUMBAI: The police, while probing Arunkumar Tikku's killing, found that the accused might have been involved in other crimes.\"We booked (Vijay) Palande and Simran (Sood) along with two others (Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh) for kidnapping with intention to murder of Kakkar,\" said DCP Pratap Dighavkar said. \"We have also registered a separate cheating and forgery case against Palande for using fake documents to rent an apartment at Oberoi Springs.\"The police are simultaneously investigating the cars Palande used. A Mercedes he possessed, officers said, could be stolen and its licence plate fake. And a Mahindra Xylo he held belongs to a Nitin Bhosale of Bhiwandi. The second vehicle was found in the compound of Samarth Angan society, where Arunkumar was discovered murdered. It is believed that the killers-Shinde and Gajkosh-initially planned to use the Xylo to dispose of Arunkumar's body.Originally from Delhi, Kakkar moved to Mumbai in 2009, aspiring to become a producer. He rented a flat at Oberoi Springs last year and ended up meeting Simran. The model lived in the same society with Palande, who went by the name Karan Sood. Officers said Simran introduced Kakkar to Palande and they grew friendly.In February this year, Kakkar bought a used BMW car for Rs 35 lakh. On March 5, he texted a friend, saying that Palande was going to introduce him to an investor willing to give him Rs 3.5 crore to start a production house. The same night, Kakkar's Delhi-based family found his mobile switched off for the first time.Troubled, Kakkar's family came to Mumbai on March 9. They found Kakkar's Andheri apartment locked and the 28-year-old and his BMW car missing. The family was told of Kakkar's association with Palande and Simran, and they filed a missing complaint at Amboli police station on March 11.When the police remained unresponsive, the family searched for clues itself. Going through Kakkar's bank transactions, they found that his cards had been used after March 5 in Mumbai and Bangkok. On March 14, they obtained CCTV footage from a Malad mall where one of the cards had been used. It showed Palande and Shinde shopping with the card, Kakkar's family said.On March 17, a friend got through to Kakkar's phone. The person on the other end told the friend that he found the phone in the toilet of Vaishali Express. The phone was handed over to the railway police in Delhi. The family returned to the capital and found SMS confirmations of post-March 5 bank transactions on the phone.On April 10, Kakkar's neighbours in Andheri rang up the family to relay news of Palande's arrest in Arunkumar's murder. The custody of Palande, Shinde and Gajkosh was handed to Oshiwara police on Wednesday. The Oshiwara police had also called Simran for questioning. That is when Amboli police started to inquire about her role in Kakkar's disappearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mount abu", "code": "12658081", "title": "Vision for \u2018Rosy Roads\u2019", "text": "MOUNT ABU: Just like the migratory birds keep their date with their destination so do these volunteers from the USA, France and South Korea. Come summer and these generous souls buy their plane tickets and zero down on to Mount Abu to work with the visually challenged of NAB - PNM, Rehabilitation Centre for the Blind.They worked not only to beautify the said centre but also contributed their services to clean up parts of the town, particularly the surroundings of the world famous Nakki Lake. This time around they were joined by the municipality chairman Leela Devi.She was joined by her colleague Bhanwar Singh. The project was supported by Rotary Club of Mount Abu with its president Kashyap Jani and member Manish leading from the front with contributions from Mount Medical, Mount Abu!Principal and CEO of the blind centre Dr Vimal Dengla, said as in the past, the overseas visitors would jointly present a one-act play with the visually challenged of the centre, \"Rosy Roads\"!The play talks about universal brotherhood and peace! It would be staged at Sophia Girls' School, Mount Abu on 19 April 2012 at 4.30 pm.In the same programme, Pradeep Kumar from FSL India informed that the overseas volunteers would also present a song, \"Life is the way that leads everyone to Ultima Thule\". It is written and composed by Dr. AK Sharma, He also shared that a volunteer from South Korea, Russell, would present with a blind inmate Sanjay Singh, a one act play, 'Gurudakshina - Gift for the Teacher'. It brings back the emotionally charged meeting between Aristotle and his disciple Alexander.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "12658049", "title": "Tardy progress of rural job schemes irks Garhwa deputy commissioner", "text": "GARHWA: Deputy commissioner Rajendra Pratap Sinha has expressed his strong displeasure over the tardy progress of well projects being implemented under the MGNREGA in Garhwa district. Sinha has issued orders to all departments concerned to ensure that the pending well projects under the MGNREGA are completed by May 31 on priority basis.According to sources, a large number of wells are yet to be completed and hence the district administration geared up to complete them. As many as 9,304 well projects were taken up in the district during the fiscal 2011-12, out of which 6,514 well projects are incomplete.The DC has directed all BDOs, BPOs, panchayat sevaks, rojgar sevaks and junior engineers to visit the site of well construction regularly. Meanwhile, the BDOs have been directed to pay surprise visits to the construction sites. Similarly, junior engineers have been directed to prepare measurement book on the spot and on time so that beneficiaries may get the amount of fund on time.\"Failing which, action will be taken against all those found guilty of dereliction in duty,\" said the DC, adding that action would be taken against all those right from rojgar sevaks to BPOs and BDOs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12657722", "title": "Auto driver slaps BEST conductor after tiff", "text": "MUMBAI: In a case of road rage in Jogeshwari (E), an autorickshaw driver assaulted a BEST conductor inside a bus on Thursday night following an argument. The auto driver, Nagendra Pal (28), was arrested on Friday. He was produced before a metropolitan court and remanded in judicial custody.The incident occurred around 8.30pm on Thursday. Pal was driving his auto on the Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road when a BEST bus overtook him near the Pratap Nagar bus stop. The bus driver allegedly kept blocking Pal's way and didn't let him pass.Furious, Pal decided to confront the BEST driver. He sped and parked his auto in front of the bus, blocking its way. The bus driver was forced to bring the bus to a halt. \"Pal got off his auto and went up to the driver's cabin to inquire why he had been overtaking. Pal then went around the bus, got in from the main entrance and got into an argument with the conductor, Sameer Surve (31),\" an officer said.According to the police, Pal punched Surve on his face and hurled abuses at him. The driver steered bus to the Meghwadi police station, where Surve registered a complaint against Pal.The police took Pal into custody and booked him on charges of \"assaulting a government servant on duty\".Surve was taken to the VN Desai Hospital in Santa Cruz (E), where he was treated for facial injuries and discharged. Surve is a resident of Saki Naka, while Pal stays in Kandivli (E).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661341", "title": "Title tussle over 'Singh Is Kinng'", "text": "With an acute dearth of attractive film titles is it any wonder that producers are standing up making loud and clear claims to title ownership?Vipul Shah and Akshay Kumar may find it very diffucult to make a sequel to Singh Is Kinng. We hear Shailendra Singh of Percept Ltd claims it's his title and would like to have it back....please! Singh's plea is simple. \"I gave them the title . Now I want it back.\"Understandably Shah and Akshay are not quite ready to relinquish the popular franchise title that easily.The story goes like this. In 2007, Shailendra Singh had devised the title, plot and plans to make a film called Singh Is King . Akshay suggested that Shailendra allow him to make the film with Akshay's pal Vipul Shah instead.Not denying the title tussle tale at all Shailendra Singh said, \"It's true. Singh Is King was , and IS, my title. Way back in 2007, I had the title Singh Is King and a 20-page plot based on the quest for a Kohinoor diamond. I had even designed the poster. As my company was already doing 8x10 Tasveer with Akshay, he convinced me to let Vipul Shah produce Singh Is King . I gladly parted with the title. But now I'd like to have it back.\"Shailendra Singh's request for the coveted title was politely turned down by Vipul Shah. Laments Singh, \"He says they're making the sequel to Singh Is Kinng next year. Five years have passed and nothing has happened. I doubt they're making a sequel. They don't have a plot. But I've a plot ready and I'd like to make my own Singh Is King . I am a Singh. I'm more entitled to the title than Vipul Shah.\"Singh says he isn't inclined to put up a fight. \"I'd like to get the title back as amicably as I gave it to them. I've happily given Chak De... to Yashraj and Game to Excel. And I was glad to give Singh Is King to Vipul Shah. All I'm saying is, please let me have it back. You are not using it. I want to use it.\"Adding an extra sheen to this brewing battle for the title is the fact that Shailendra Singh had a noisy fall-out with Akshay Kumar after 8 x 10 Tasveer .When asked about the title war, Vipul Shah replied with a terse, \"No comments.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "12659061", "title": "We expect 5 lakh crore investment, says DV Sadananda Gowda", "text": "TUMKUR: CM DV Sadananda Gowda talked to TOI on Friday about his plans for the upcoming Global Investors' Meet in Bangalore in June.What are your plans for GIM?The state government is taking all steps to make it a success by holding roadshows in metropolitan cities like Mumbai , New Delhi and Kolkata as well as other cities. We planned roadshows abroad, but I cancelled them due to drought.Who are the big ticket investors who have committed to come and sign MoUs?The Singapore government has accepted our invitation and we expect a lot from it. Japanese companies have also agreed to come. The Singapore government and Japanese companies like Suzuki , Toyota and six to seven others are ready to sign MoUs. Reliance, Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, ARL Media, Nandi Infrastructure and other major corporate houses will also participate. At the State High-Level Clearance Committee meeting in Bangalore, we cleared proposals of 43 industrialists who will sign MoUs.How different will this GIM be from the earlier one?In GIM-2011 , only Rs 3.92 lakh crore investment flowed into Karnataka. But in GIM-2012 , we expect Rs 5 lakh crore investments . Besides, we have already selected the industries and the land required by them will be given on the spot. We don't just give assurances to investors, but give facilities on the spot.What were the lessons learnt from the GIM-2011 ?We committed a lot of mistakes . We invited steel industries . This time, with the Supreme Court banning mining in Tumkur, Chitradurga and Bellary, we'll be cautious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12658856", "title": "Muslim youths launch drive against dowry", "text": "MANGALORE: Youth Against Dowry (YAD), a platform of Muslim youths, on Friday started a movement to make the community free from the menace of dowry through a signature campaign. The main objective of the organization is to eradicate the menace in all Jamaths in Dakshina Kannada district through campaigns and protests.YAD president Farhan Mohammed launched the campaign near Idgah Juma Masjid at Light House Hill here. Farhan said that the organization would continue its fight against the evil custom.\"Taking dowry is a punishable offence under the Dowry Prevention Act,1961. Despite having such a strong law we could not eradicate the menace. Hence, we took up the responsibility of creating awareness against it. We will meet each Jamaths to create awareness against dowry among people and religious leaders. We will make youths pledge not to take dowry,\" he added.YAD also has plans to exhibit a documentary titled 'Urulu' that explains the plight of a few Muslim families in the region who were exposed to the evil effects of dowry.The documentary will be shown in various parts of the district, if Jamath members take initiatives to make arrangements.\"There have been several instances where youngsters have discontinued their education and parents of girls have been forced to take huge loans just to give dowry. We will make people pledge that they will not take dowry,\" he added.Taluk and village-level branches of YAD will also be opened to sustain the movement.Nearly 100 youths from the community had already signed for the campaign in Puttur, he said adding that a branch will be opened at Puttur soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "gurudev nagar", "code": "12658266", "title": "'I was petrified... no one could understand my language in China'", "text": "GURUDEV NAGAR: It's hard for Geeta Nagrath to forget her trip to China. No not because she had the time of her life, but because she got the fright of her life at the trip. Three years back Geeta and her husband Ajay Nagrath went on a business cum leisure trip to China, where Geeta got lost and felt like an alien since she could not communicate with anyone because of the language barrier. As for Geeta it was a day that is still hard to forget and its memory still painful.Resident of Gurudev Nagar, Geeta said, ''Me and my husband had gone on a seven-day trip to China. During our stay we visited several shopping malls and local markets.'' She adds, ''I loved one particular pedestrian market that we visited in Shangai and decided to go there again. So next day I took a cab to the market and somehow managed to communicated my destination to the driver. Suddenly the driver stopped the car on lights and asked me to step down from the car. I told him that this is not that market, but he insisted that I step down before the light turns green.''Geeta said, ''This was a pedestrian market, but not the one I had visited earlier. I started asking around but no one could understand my language. I felt completely helpless, almost like an alien - no one understood what I said and some even refused to even listen to me. I got so frightened as I did not know where to go and what to do in a situation like this. The situation turned even worse because I was unable to contact my husband on his cell.'' It was three long hours of running from pillar to post for Geeta before she was finally able to manage some help. ''I was finally relieved when a girl came to me and said she could understand what I was saying. I contacted my husband with her help and he finally came to pick me.''Years after the ordeal is over, Geeta still gets goose bumps when she thinks about the incident. ''I still get frightened at the mere mention of the incident. After that incident I promised myself that I would never venture out again like this in a foreign country which has serious language barrier,'' said Geeta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12661902", "title": "Mumbai attackers were trained in paramilitary courses: US attorney", "text": "WASHINGTON: The 26/11 Mumbai attack was carried out by highly trained terrorists who were given training into paramilitary courses by Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), a US attorney has said.\"...this (Mumbai attack) was, in fact, the handiwork of highly trained terrorists who had gone through the LeT paramilitary courses,\" US attorney Neil H MacBride said in a submission to a US District court in Virginia, which sentenced 24-year-old Pakistani national Jubair Ahmad for aiding LeT.Ahmad was sentenced to 12 years of imprisonment on Friday for providing material support to LeT by making a propaganda video for the terror group, helping it with recruitment and fundraising.Based in US for the past few years, Ahmad had himself received two levels of LeT training and was in regular communication with Talha Saeed, the son of the LeT founder Hafiz Saeed.\"For years before his arrest, Ahmad engaged in trade-craft to conceal his activities on behalf of LeT. He used coded language, avoiding talking openly about LeT, and he maintained the lowest possible profile,\" MacBride said.Though based in US, the purpose of Ahmad was to incite violence against India in particular Kashmir.Ahmad \"advocated violence, almost exclusively against the Indian army in Kashmir.\"According to US attorney, Ahmad received first two levels of paramilitary training from the LeT - Dora Suffa and Dora A'ama.Once he completed the first two levels, Ahmad was interested in the third stage, Dora Khasa or the \"advanced course,\" but was denied permission as he was too young skinny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12663486", "title": "Hilly rave shot in Faridabad", "text": "Faridabad turned into Himachal for a night on Friday, as the cast and crew of \"M Cream\" shot a rave party scene here overnight.Imaad Shah, Auritra Ghosh, Barry John , Ira Dubey, along with director Agenya Singh, have been in the capital for over two weeks, shooting the film in different parts of Delhi and NCR. The scene being shot here is the climax of the second act of the film, where Imaad and Auritra, who play DU students in the film, attend a rave party in the hills. A lot of college students in and around Faridabad were also a part of this scene. Barry John, who is mighty pleased about playing an American hippie in the film, tries to force drugs on a drunk Auritra, but Imaad stops her from taking them.The team is soon leaving for Himachal to shoot the next portion of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12663831", "title": "Ramya edits a song", "text": "She has been acting for nearly a decade and has been vocal about her desire to produce films. But actor Ramya has much more up her sleeve.The Sandalwood actor recently shot for a duet with Real Star Upendra in Manali, for their film Katari Veera Surasundarangi , which she has been editing. \"I wanted the song to turn out a certain way. I had contributed a few ideas for the song, which has been beautifully choreographed by Noble master of Ringa, Ringa fame. Producer Munirathnam thought that it would be best if I sat in while the song is edited for the film. I'm very excited about this development,\" says Ramya.Does that mean that direction is not far behind? \"Well, I tried my hand at direction some time ago when Dhanush, Aishwarya and I did a documentary together. Later on there were plans of me assisting on their film 3, but then I got busy with Sidlingu and couldn't commit. So yeah, I may do my bit in the future,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12659181", "title": "End of the ordeal", "text": "After 26 hours and 25 minutes, the Schweizer 300C helicopter was brought down to the ground using a crane and then placed in a truck parked in a vacant plot next to the apartment.At 11am Friday, the DGCA investigators arrived along with HAL officials. The team, which went to the terrace, examined the chopper. Air Commodore (retd) Roj Assey, who flew the helicopter , accompanied DGCA officials. The officials discussed the approach of the aircraft with him.Around 1pm, the pilot and some HAL and DGCA officials left the building. Soon, plans were made to bring down the helicopter. The plan was to remove the delicate parts like rotors, doors and wheels. The technical team from HAL also removed the fuel and battery.One HAL official said they had ruled out the option of another helicopter airlifting it and felt it would be safest to use a crane and bring the helicopter down. Dismantling of the parts started around 3pm. Except for the rotors, all other parts removed were taken down. A crane was then brought to the vacant land next to the building at 4.10pm. Initially , the three rotors were brought down using the crane. After a 20-minute effort, all three rotor blades were placed on the ground.At 4.30pm started the herculean task of bringing down the helicopter. The crane had to carry at least 80% of the original weight of the helicopter as only few parts were removed. The technicians braced the rotor base of the helicopter with harnesses connected to the crane's cable. Then, orders were given to lift the helicopter at 4.46pm. Even before they could lift it, the cable broke. The first attempt had failed.Around 5.25pm, preparations to bring it down started again. The crane operators conducted a dry run of the descent to make sure the hydraulics of the crane was intact. At 5.43pm, they were all set. Once again the cables were fixed and at 6pm, the helicopter was lifted into the air. The crane operator brought the helicopter a few metres above the ground in 20 minutes.Technicians tried to get the helicopter into the truck in which it was to be transported. Due to technical problems, they could not place the helicopter in the truck. Finally, it was manually pulled onto the truck's platform and at 7pm, after 26 hours and 25 minutes, the chopper finally landed on ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12656182", "title": "Long-distance marriage not a reason for divorce: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: If a spouse is on a posting, it cannot be termed desertion and cited as a ground for divorce, the Bombay high court ruled on Friday. A division bench of judges P B Majmudar and Anoop Mohta was hearing an appeal by an income tax officer Satish Mane against a family court order rejecting his divorce plea.Satish (38) married Seema (35) on May 9, 2001, as per Buddhist rites. On June 1 that year, she left for Ahmedabad to resume duty at the Reserve Bank of India, where she was an officer. The following January, she visited her matrimonial home for a ceremony preceding childbirth. A son was born on April 5, 2002.In his HC appeal, Satish said that at the naming ceremony of the child, held at his in-laws' residence on May 26, 2002, he had an argument with Seema. He said that the next day Seema came to his office, created a scene and humiliated him in front of his colleagues. He said the Buddhist Utkarsha Mandal (a community committee) tried to make them tide over their differences in vain.In June 2006, Satish filed a petition in the family court for restitution of conjugal rights. He withdrew it in October 2007 as Seema was unwilling to reconcile. A month later, he filed for divorce on grounds of desertion, citing long passage of time. The court rejected his petition in October 2010, saying it could not be said that Seema had deserted him with the intent to never cohabit with him.On Friday, the HC bench observed that just because Seema was posted in Ahmedabad, it could not be a reason for Satish to get a divorce citing desertion. \"How can it be desertion? This is an eye-opener. Employers should consider whether ladies (sic) should be transferred,\" said Justice Majmudar. Seema's advocate said Satish regularly visited her in Ahmedabad on weekends, but after she was transferred to Mumbai, he refused her entry to her matrimonial home. \"When she was in Ahmedabad, you used to visit her. Now that she is in Mumbai, you don't want her back? What sort of a husband are you?\" Justice Majmudar asked.The judges wondered if Satish had some other reason for seeking a divorce. \"You lived here alone. Was there something? You used to go there to fool her? Did you make a show of affection?\" Justice Majmudar asked.The judges noted that Satish was not present in court while Seema had taken leave to attend the hearing. They summoned Satish to court for the next hearing.(Names changed to protect identities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657023", "title": "Fire brigade douses disasters as it fights burning staff crunch", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The men in blue - personnel at Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) - battle the blazing flames, dark waters and natural calamities with elan. However, what they fear is the staff crunch that is affecting their day-to-day functioning as the force is working on 60 per cent capacity today as per 1981 city boundaries.The only consolation is, the AFES has been recognized as an important disaster management body and thus modernization plans have got the city three new equipments that will go a long way in saving citizen's lives and properties The equipments will be demonstrated for public on Saturday at GMDC ground to commemorate the National Fire Service Day.Talking about the event, Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer, AFES, told TOI that they have got hydraulic platform, turntable ladder and high-capacity crane recently. \"Hydraulic platform functions as a base for the firemen while conducting rescue work or mounting equipments for firefighting. Turntable ladder was need of the hour as there were no adequate equipments to address emergencies at high-rises in the western city parts,\" said Bhatt.On Saturday, citizens will be able to see the new equipments at play as a road accident will be recreated when the crane will lift a van from a dug-up pit.However, behind this skill is fatigue, accept many personnel. According to official data, in 1981 the city limit was 92 square kilometers. At that time, the sanctioned strength was 580 personnel. In 2011, the work area for the AFES has expanded to 466 square kilometers . However, the number of personnel has been reduced to 350.\"When we put our lives in danger dousing the flames, we are concerned about what would happen if we die. In past three years, we have raised Rs 1.92 lakh against which we have spent Rs 5.95 lakh. The amount is then raised internally when a person gets retired or meets with emergency,\" said a senior official on condition of anonymity. On Saturday, the mayor and municipal commissioner will ask citizens to donate for the cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12657008", "title": "Officials say public funds not misused, ready for probe", "text": "NOIDA: Even as Uttar Pradesh PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav has said that stern action would be taken against those found guilty of misusing public money in the name of building parks and memorials in Noida and Lucknow, the Noida Authority claims to have complete account of the expenses incurred in setting up of the Rs 685-crore Rashtriya Dalit Prerna Sthal. Authority officials said that they were ready with their data and for any perusal by the state government.Authority officials say that all work undertaken on the Park and several other projects in the district have been done directly through agencies appointed by the previous BSP government. \"The construction of the Dalit Prerna Sthal was totally under the management of the Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam and the Authority was only involved in disbursing of funds for the project,\" said an Authority official.\"Out of the Rs 685 crore spent on the Park, Rs 620 crore has already been paid to UPRNN,\" the official said.Claiming that all payments have been made in a transparent manner, the Authority stressed that they would provide all details as well as explanations required by the presiding government. \"We have maintained a daily expense report and detailed accounts of the project, which will be provided as and when asked for,\" the official said.Meanwhile, sources claim that the properties of engineers and contractors, who built the memorial and park during the Mayawati government, are also under the scanner as the Samajwadi Party government has initiated a probe. Sources claim that several engineers and senior bureaucrats are likely to face the heat on completion of the probe. Even as the project is under a likely probe, the future of the Rashtriya Dalit Prerna Sthal continues to remain in limbo it is still 'closed' to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656885", "title": "Nod to Rs 118 crore Nag river revival plan", "text": "NAGPUR: The ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) gave a green signal to Rs 118 crore Nag river revival plan thus granting the city a development opportunity. Additional secretary of MoEF Meera Mehrishi held a review meeting at Ravi Bhavan on Friday and assured to give final consent.Mehrishi also convened a review meeting on four other state proposals regarding rejuvenation plan for Godavari, Krishna, Koyna and sewage treatment plant for Pune Municipal Corporation. Civic chief Sanjeev Jaiswal, adviser to MoEF Dr Nalini Bhat and deputy director of National River Conservation Directorate Dr VK Singh were present during the meeting. On behalf of NMC, executive engineer Prakash Urade presented a power point presentation of Nag river's rejuvenation plan submitted to MoEF under the National River Conservation Plan (NRCP).An official said that the team was all praise for the plan. \"Mehrishi said that the plan would get the final nod very soon. NMC were given a few suggestions to improve the plan. Then it will be again submitted to the MoEF. Now, the rejuvenation of Nag river will become a reality,\" he said.NMC turned the iconic river into a nullah carrying city's entire sewage. Following strictures from the High Court, NMC prepared a rejuvenation plan and submitted it to the state under Central government's NRCP scheme in 2008. The estimated project cost was Rs 241.10 crore which was corrected to Rs 181 crore by the MoEF.The plan aims to rejuvenate Nag river into a tourist place. The problem of sewage will be resolved through a trunk line to Bhandewadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657096", "title": "Income Tax department registers growth in collections", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh Income Tax (I-T) department has registered a 13% growth in tax collections in the financial year 2011-12. This is close to 3% higher than the national collections that hovered around 10.7% last fiscal.Announcing this on Friday, G Rajeshwar Rao, chief commissioner-3 (CC-3) of AP, who is currently holding additional charge as CC-1, said that the gross collections in this fiscal (2011-12) shot to Rs 29,497 crore from Rs 25,391 crore registered last year. Refunds too saw a 46% growth, with the total amount increasing from Rs 2,509 crore in 2010-11 to Rs 3,600 crore in 2011-12.\"Due to the substantial increase in refunds, the department's net collection (Rs 25,837 crore) has grown by only 13% despite gross collections seeing a 16% rise,\" said Rao, adding that the department collected 35% of the taxes in the last quarter alone. But while other sectors contributed significantly towards the I-T coffers, the microfinance institutions (MFI) in AP saw no activity. This segment, that paid a total advance tax of Rs 130 crore in 2010-11, did not add a single rupee to the collections this year, the I-T chief said.The 72 search and seizure operations conducted by I-T sleuths throughout the year also saw rise in collections. While the total amount seized from the state in 2011-12 touched Rs 52.74 crore (as against Rs 41.84 crore last year), disclosure of unaccounted income by organisations and individuals, totalled up to Rs 818.85 crore. Searches were conducted across several sectors such as infrastructure, real estate , steel, power, oil, bulk drugs and education. Among other achievements, the department auctioned nine attached properties in the state and detained two defaulters.Dr Reddy's Laboratories was the highest tax payer in the private sector while National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) topped the list among public sector units for 2011-12. Followed by Singareni Collieries Company Limited, Andhra Bank and State Bank of Hyderabad.Among individual taxpayers, the highest contributions were made by two persons who paid a whopping Rs 3.75 crore each as tax on their income but officials refused to reveal their names for security reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12651909", "title": "Soaps googly-ed!", "text": "The pitch fervor on the tube, particularly, during the IPL season, makes the game of showbiz peppier and the viewing platter more interesting.While the previous seasons of the IPL saw considerably good TVRs, the current season has just about average numbers, yet, there's a slight dent in the viewership of soaps on GECs (general entertainment channels). The IPL5 opening ceremony saw a TVR of 1.16, but the first six matches of IPL 5 got an average TVR of 3.76. While consistent No.1 show, Diya Aur Baati Hum got a TVR of 5.04 during the week of April 1-7 as compared to the previous week's TVR of 5.52. The show Crime Patrol witnessed a marginal fall in TVR from 4.80 during week 13 to 4.07 during week 14 (says TAM Media Research). Even though the numbers are not alarming yet, the industry feels is unsure of whether IPL5 is going to affect the viewership in a big way.Producer Sudhir Sharma says, \"There's no reason to panic, because it is too early to say which way the viewership is heading. Even during IPL 4, GECs did not lose out too many viewers. This is because the target audience for daily soaps and IPL are different.\"Producer Nikhil Sinhaa says, \"The initial seasons of IPL had impacted TRPs of daily soaps. We have to wait for another two weeks before we can draw a conclusion. IPL enjoys more male viewership as compared to daily soaps which have women as the target audience.\" Actor-producer JD Majethia feels IPL5 will have its share of due viewership which will indirectly affect shows' TRPs. \"This time the competition is going to be tough. There was too much overdose of cricket during last year because of the cricket world cup , but IPL5 may emerge as a strong contender. In single TV households, the target audience is relegated to viewing the repeat telecast of the shows during the afternoon bands. This may show some dent in the ratings.\"The TV industry feels the need of the hour is to sustain itself through strong content. \"We need to come up with better products to make viewer spend more time on a show,\" says Majethia. Sinhaa says, \"Stronger content will always fetch shows more eyeballs.\"Producer Asit Modi feels the industry has come up with its own set of strategies, \"We have got used to IPL, and we are bracing up with stronger content.\"How much cricket fervor fares vis-a-vis soaps, is something only the next weeks will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12658798", "title": "State seeks Rs 2,600 cr for drought-relief works", "text": "DHARWAD: Karnataka has sought Rs 2,600 crore from the Centre for drought relief works and an all party delegation will be taken to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to press him to release the funds early.Rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar, who chaired a meeting of district-level task force here on Friday said the state government has already submitted a fresh proposal to the Centre demanding funds for drought-relief works in the affected villages.He informed that so far the government had released Rs 182 crore under the Calamity Relief Fund (CRF), of which Rs 126 crore is contribution from the Centre and Rs 42.6 crore from the state government. In addition, the rural development and panchayat raj department has allocated Rs 172.46 crore for drought-relief works while the department of animal husbandry and department of urban development have earmarked Rs 4.98 crore and Rs 10 crore respectively for the purpose.The minister claimed that the works are progressing well and satisfactory. Chief minister Sadananda Gowda has convened a high-level meeting on April 19 at Bangalore to review the progress of the drought-relief works taken up in the State. The meeting will focus on the crop loss incurred due to drought and the immediate relief works to be launched. After the meeting an all party delegation will be taken to Delhi.Shettar said the government has formed teams comprising ministers to study the drought situation in different areas and to monitor the relief works. The team headed by Shettar, which toured some districts in north Karnataka recently had submitted a report to the chief minister seeking allotment of Rs 30 lakh each to taluk-level task force committee and the CM had responded positively and released the funds. The study team will visit drought-affected areas in Dharwad district on April 17 and would visit Davangere and Gadag on April 20 and 21. Shettar said Bijapur is the worst affected and the officials have been asked to work overtime to complete the drought-relief works at the earliest.15 villages in Dharwad hitFifteen villages in Dharwad district are reeling under acute shortage of drinking water. Fourteen villages are in Kundgol taluk and one Nagarhalli in Hubli. The administration is supplying water to these villages in tankers. The officials have been directed to send a minimum of three trips of tankers to these villages.No complaints of fodder shortage has been reported in the district. Three fodder banks have been established and 45 metric tonne of fodder are procured here. The government is purchasing fodder at Rs 4.50 per tonne and selling them at Rs 2 per tonne.A total pf Rs 20 lakh is earmarked for distribution of fodder kits to the farmers and 30 per cent target is achieved so far, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12656203", "title": "\u2018Probe encounters in other states too\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government on Friday moved the Supreme Court and sought an independent probe into encounter cases in all states in last 10 years, while venting its ire at Mumbai-based human rights activists accusing them for focusing only on incidents in Gujarat.The state government argued that activists are turning a blind eye to serious human rights violations and fake encounters in Maharashtra and other places while zeroing in on Gujarat.The state also sought a direction from the court asking all states to set up an independent monitoring authority or special taskforce on lines of the one constituted by Gujarat to probe encounter killings and submit investigation reports to Supreme Court.To press its case, the Modi government said, \"It is a matter of record and cannot be seriously disputed that between 1998 and 2000 special squads of Bombay Police 'cleaned up' (the expression then used) about 300 strong Bombay underworld dons with an average of 100 encounters a year.\"The Gujarat government argued that \"The Bombay police went by the Israeli strategy of 'eye for an eye' and 'tooth for a tooth' strategy as was being unofficially claimed then. Officers who undertook this operation \"clean up' were feted with as super heroes and even immortalized by films.\"The exasperation of the BJP government, which is feeling the heat and criticism in the apex court over the past five years, for its handling the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case was apparent. The SC scrutiny culminated in a CBI probe and arrest of former home minister Amit Shah. The state's discomfort was palpable as it took the unprecedented step of filing an Article 32 writ petition, an option exercised when fundamental rights are allegedly violated.A bench of Justice Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai issued notice to the Centre, National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and all state governments on the Gujarat government's petition after brief arguments from the state's additional advocate general Tushar Mehta.The Modi government said in a case relating to fake encounter killing of one Harshad Rane by Thane Police on October 26, 2005, the Maharashtra government refused to abide by NHRC's directive to pay Rs 5 lakh compensation to the victim's family on the ground that it would demoralize the state police as the person killed was a hardcore criminal.NHRC had closed the Rane file on January 11, 2012, holding \"...the stand taken ...at the level of the chief minister implies that it permits its police to murder anyone with a criminal record,\" said the petition filed through counsel Hemantika Wahi. Gujarat's counsel clarified that the state was not justifying fake encounter, but in the incident involving Gujarat Police (Sohrabuddin killing), the deceased too was a hardcore criminal.\"It is a matter to be considered by the Supreme Court that such serious incidents have never 'shaken conscience' of the human rights activists either based in Mumbai or anywhere in the country and questions of human rights are highlighted without pleading any facts of offering any justification only with regard to the state of Gujarat. Such attempts seriously demoralize the Gujarat police force,\" it said.The state referred to encounter killings during the fight against terrorism in Punjab and said \"similar situation is found in Jammu and Kashmir and West Bengal where persons in uniform are battling against militancy in most adverse circumstances. In 1970s, when the naxalite movement threatened the very social fabric of West Bengal, it is believed that the militant naxals were crushed by a police method which many term as 'counter state terror' \".It sought a direction from the Supreme Court for all state governments and Union Territories to \"evolve and formulate an uniform nationwide policy providing for an independent agency in terms of the 'Monitoring Authority/Special task Force' created by the Gujarat government to investigate all cases of alleged encounters\" to stop fake encounters, but at the same time protect and keep up the morale of honest police officers fighting terrorists and criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12658876", "title": "Hospital staff to get high-protein diet", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has decided to start a high-protein supplementary diet for the more than 1000 employees of the Guru Teg Bahadur (GTB) Hospital in Sewri. This move, say the civic authorities, will ensure better immunity for the staff who are at constant risk of contracting TB.From next month, each employee of the hospital will be given a nutritious breakfast before they start work. A diet which will include milk, a fruit, egg and a bowl of pulse, will ensure that each employee is well-armed against TB before visiting patients.\"Since a healthy diet is an important factor in preventing the disease, we have decided to provide each employee with a healthy supplement,\" said additional municipal commissioner , Manisha Mhaiskar. The move comes at a time when 11 employees of the hospital are currently undergoing treatment for multi drug-resistant (MDR) TB. \"In the last five years, 60 staff-members from the hospital have contracted TB, out of which, 34 have died. Six deaths have been in the last five months alone,\" said a source from the TB hospital .The staff of the hospital, however, are not happy. According to the union of municipal workers, the TB hospital employees have been getting a dietary allowance up till now, which will be stopped once the civiv authorities start the nutrition programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12661088", "title": "India, US to hold political-military dialogue after 6 years gap", "text": "WASHINGTON: After a gap of nearly six years, the US and India would hold their first political-military dialogue in New Delhi next week during which the two countries are expected to discuss a wide range of bilateral issues.Assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs Andrew J Shapiro is traveling to India next week to head the American delegation for the first India-US political-military dialogue after 2006.\"Shapiro will hold talks with senior civilian officials on defence trade, counter-piracy, and regional political-military issues, as well as the recovery and repatriation of US service members lost during the Second World War,\" the State Department said in a statement here.In recent years, the US and India have significantly broadened their defence cooperation, as demonstrated by their robust engagement in bilateral dialogues, military exercises, and personnel exchanges, as well as nearly USD nine billion in defence trade since 2008, it said.\"The US and India are also working together as active participants in the 60-nation Contact Group on Piracy off the Coast of Somalia, and are both among countries contributing naval forces to patrol regional waters,\" the statement said.Sources said the talks being revived after a gap of six years would help the two countries bring together the political and military issues on one platform.However, sources clarified that during the talks the two countries would not be discussing licensing issues.The dialogue would review the kind of progress the two countries are making on political and military issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12656428", "title": "Supreme Court admits government\u2019s 2G review plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday entertained the Union government's plea for reconsideration of auction principle for natural resources enunciated in the 2G judgement after the Centre clarified that it was not seeking review of the court's decision to cancel 122 telecom licences.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan, which had on April 4 dismissed petitions by telecom companies seeking review of the judgment cancelling 122 licences linked to irregular allocation of 2G spectrum, agreed to hear the Centre's petition for reconsideration of the judgement and limited it to the auction of annulled licences.Additional solicitor general Indira Jaising clarified: \"We do not seek to question the cancellation and as per the judgment we have a window till June 2 to rework the policy. The government wants to ensure the court that it is not questioning the operative part of the judgement.\"However, she said the government was concerned by the general guidelines that auction alone should be the method for allocation of natural resources and sought time for elaborate arguments on it.The bench said it could understand that the primary anxiety of the Centre was possible applicability of auction principle for mining leases. Jaising asked: \"That is one but what about other natural resources, for example water?\"When she sought time for presenting elaborate arguments by the Centre, the bench posted the review petition for hearing on May 1. However, the court was reluctant to add telecom companies as interveners in the Union Government's review petition and issued notices to petitioners - NGO 'Centre for Public Interest Litigation' and Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy.The June 2 deadline referred to by Jaising related to the apex court's February 2 directive, saying cancellation of telecom licences would come to effect after four months. The court had directed the government to consider TRAI recommendations and \"take appropriate decision within the next one month and fresh licenses be granted by auction\".Jaisingh said the government was in the process of formulating the modalities for implementation of the judgment, but it wanted to express its reservations on the auction route suggested for allocation of every natural resource.The first ground in the review petition said: \"The finding of the judgment that the state is duty bound to conduct a public auction whenever it distributes natural resources is directly contrary to various legislations including the Mines and Mineral (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957, which grants a preferential right to persons who apply first or prior in point of time for a mining lease.\"It also said that the 2G judgment \"failed to consider that the policy of grant of mining rights on a principle of first come first served had been in place since the enactment of the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulations) Act, 1957.\"\"It is respectfully submitted that if the 2G judgement is correct, a necessary consequence would be that the grant of mining rights under the Mines and Mineral Act, which was enacted as far back as 1957, after due deliberations in parliament qua a most valuable natural resource, would be liable to be held illegal,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661814", "title": "Nivin Pauly on a high", "text": "Malarvadyfame Nivin Pauly is on a high ever since his first attempt at a music video - Nenjodu Cherthu of the album Yuvvh - became a hit on youtube.\"A music video is not something I've done before, but I decided to try it out when my good friend Alphons Putharen, director of the album, invited me,\"\" says Nivin. The album, which features Nivin opposite budding actress Nazriya, has so far got nearly four lakh hits on youtube. Sreejith and Saachin have done the music for the album, for which Ouseppachan, Aalaap Raju and Job Kurian have sung the songs, among others. The album has eight songs in total, of which only one has been made into a video.Nivin is currently busy shooting for Thattathin Marayath , a Vineeth Srinivasan film. He has two more films coming up, Bhoopadathil Illathoridam directed by newbie Joe Chaliserry, where he has a character role to play, and a Sathyan Anthikkad movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12657893", "title": "Ultimatum to Centre on Parinirvan Bhumi", "text": "BHOPAL: Enraged over delay in starting of the work for Parinirvan Bhumi, Dr Ambedkar Parinirvan Bhumi Samman-Karyakram Samiti on Friday gave a May 30 ultimatum to the government.\"Congress-led UPA government has failed to keep its promise of developing the memorial. If the work is not started by May-end, an agitation on the lines of the Gurjar stir of Rajasthan, would be launched,\" said Indresh Gajbhiye, Chairman of MP Scheduled Castes Commission.Gajbhiye was in Indore on the eve of Ambedkar jayanti to be celebrated in Mhow. \"The issue is emotive and various organizations have come together fight for the cause,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12658833", "title": "State will tell Centre to ban ketamine", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government will urge the Centre to ban ketamine (a drug used in human and veterinary medicine). \"To curb its misuse, the Food and Drug Administration will write to the Centre to ban its manufacturing,\" Satej Patil, minister of state for FDA, said in the state legislative council on Friday. The issue was raised by Vinod Tawde, leader of opposition (BJP) in the council.The issue of illegal manufacturing of ketamine was in the news recently following the arrest of Konduskar family scion Abhijeet Konduskar (MD Kamud Drugs). Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officials from Ahmedabad had recently seized a huge consignment of ketamine, allegedly manufactured by Kamud Drugs. Patil said there were officials involved in this case and the government has suspended officials for 90 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657099", "title": "Truck runs over mother, daughter", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A mother and daughter, who were asleep on a pavement in Sabarmati, were run over by a truck moving backwards after delivering sand at a construction site. The six-year-old girl died at the spot while her mother has been admitted to the Civil Hospital and is in a critical condition. The truck driver has been arrested.The incident took place at the Sanskruti building construction site where Mohan Asari of Rajasthan and his wife Bimla worked as labourers. The couple and their daughter Manisha were sleeping on the pavement, just a short distance from their shanty at the construction site.Mohan has told the police that at 3 am he woke up to the screams of Manisha and her mother. He saw that a truck's rear tires had run over Manisha and her mother. Mohan shouted at the truck driver and asked him to move the vehicle forward. When the two were rushed to the Civil Hospital, Manisha was declared brought-dead while her mother is battling for her life.\"Truck driver, Tejaji Vanzara, has been arrested,\" said a Sabarmati police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12658036", "title": "Bomb blast convict who jumped parole arrested", "text": "SURAT: Mustaq Ibrahim Patel, who was convicted for his role in the 1993 Surat bomb blast case and had jumped parole in December 2011, was arrested by a team belonging to special operation group after three months from his house here on Thursday. Women relatives tried to stop the police from arresting him when they arrived at his house at Kharwa Chawl on Lambe Hanuman Road in Varachha.Patel had not returned to jail after his 15-day parole ended in December 2011 and thus was declared an absconder after the jail authorities registered a complaint at Varachha police station in January.Patel was sentenced to life imprisonment along with 12 others, including Mohammad Surti, the prime accused and a former minister in the state government. The accused were convicted for carrying out two bomb blasts, one at Surat railway station and another at Varachha to take revenge for the 1992 riots. The blasts had claimed the life of a girl and left at least 37 people injured. The plan was hatched at the relief camps for the riot-affected people in the city. The money meant for the riot affected was diverted to purchase bombs and hand grenades by the convicts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12656863", "title": "Noida stadium to turn into pedallers\u2019 paradise", "text": "NOIDA: After a world class cricket stadium, work on which has already begun, the Noida Stadium will now get dedicated tracks for cycling enthusiasts in the city. This comes as a part of the multi-crore upgrading plan for the stadium by the Noida Authority.The Authority has roped in Delhi-based private consultancy firm Stup Consultants to work out the details of the project. On Thursday, Authority officials had a meeting with the consultants and a construction company to discuss the availability of space, design, etc of the proposed cycling ring.\"During the Commonwealth Games in 20I0, a cycling event was held on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway. The Authority had then proposed to build a cycling ring at the stadium. It was later incorporated as part of the second phase of the upgrading work at the stadium,\" an Authority official said. \"Work has already started for construction of the cricket ground with a seating capacity of 20,000 spectators within the stadium premises,\" he added.However, the Authority has scrapped a previous proposal of constructing dedicated cycle tracks on Master Plan Road-I. In March, 2011, the Noida Authority had drawn up a blueprint to grant an extensive makeover to the arterial roads in Noida complete with green belts, pedestrian sidewalks and a 2m-wide cycle track along each road. It had at the time announced that the master plan road would be the first arterial road to be revamped. However, while work on widening the busy road is on, the Authority has scrapped the proposal to make cycle tracks along the stretch due to \"lack of enough space on either side.\"\"To begin with, a 20-metre stretch of the mater plan road has been taken up to ensure proper roadside greenery, footpath, drainage, etc. We had also planned to make dedicated sidewalks and cycle tracks on either side of the road. While we are still making sidewalks, unfortunately, the plan to construct cycle tracks is no longer feasible,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12662252", "title": "State Reserve Police jawan shoots self in school", "text": "VADODARA: A State Reserve Police (SRP) jawan shot himself in a room of a school in Hathikhana on Friday.When the principal of Fatehpura primary school heard a loud sound in the school premises, he found it very strange and asked a peon inquire about it. Soon after, the school authorities were left shocked when they saw that the jawan had shot self in a room.The jawan identified as Lakhubha Jadeja, 34, shot himself with his service rifle. Jadeja was serving with 2nd group of SRP and was posted at a point in Hathikhana. He was given a room to stay in the school.The cops are yet to find out reasons behind his extreme step. According to the police, Jadeja was earlier serving in the Border Wing and had joined in the city in January. He was given night duty that started from 2 am and ended at 8 pm.On Thursday night, he attended the duty at the point and returned to the school on Friday morning. His colleague Abdul Khan Pathan had joined at the point just two days ago. Sources said that Jadeja may have committed suicide due to personal reasons. The deceased had made several phone calls on a particular number on Thursday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12658622", "title": "2 teenagers drown in Satluj", "text": "LUDHIANA: Two teenagers drowned in Satluj river on Friday.Anil Kumar , 17, a student of Class X, and Sunny, 16 - both of Jawahar Nagar - went to the river to take a dip in it on Baisakhi. The station house officer of Ladowal, Gurpreet Singh, said, ''Around 4.30pm, the two boys were swept away by high tides after they entered the deep waters. A friend, who accompanied them, called us and we informed their families.''''Ten divers were employed to fish out their bodies, but as they couldn't find these, the search operation would again be conducted on Saturday,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656573", "title": "High court raps police for recording union leader as criminal", "text": "CHENNAI: Flaying the description of a trade union leader as a history-sheeter, the Madras high court has imposed Rs 5,000 cost on the Krishnagidi district superintendent of police, and the Pochampalli inspector who opened the history-sheet.Justice K Chandru, disposing of a writ petition from union leader S Ramanathan, said: \"This is yet another incident where the police have misused their power and had included the name of a trade union leader as an history-sheeter in the records kept by the police station\".In his petition, Ramanathan contended that he was the president of the Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC) and was working in the Covanto Samalpatti Power company. Following a scuffle over hoisting of flag for the Independence Day celebrations in front of the company, three cases were registered against him by the Pochampalli police. The police later opened history-sheet for him at the police station. After coming to know that his name was being maintained in police records as a history-sheeter, he filed the present petitionThough police said the history-sheet opened against Ramanathan had been closed, Justice Chandru pointed out that the police did not produce the original file leading to opening of the history-sheet. The only file produced was relating to an FIR in a crime, in which he was acquitted along with 17 others. Even in that case, the persons whose statements were recorded were all statement from the accountant, a technician, the security officer and the manager of the company.\"This throws strong suspicion that the police were acting at the behest of the company and trying to dabble in what was essentially an industrial dispute between the trade union and the company. Therefore, this court has no hesitation to reject the stand of the police in initially opening the history sheet, that too against the trade union leader belonging to INTUC.\"He further said: \"Merely because successive criminal cases were registered on account of labour problem in the company cannot be a ground to open an history sheet against the petitioner. It was only when the petitioner made a complaint to the higher authorities (Minister for Home Affairs) his name was removed. This would show that the police did not have any materials for opening the history sheet against the petitioner at the first instance\", the judge added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hajipar (bhavnagar)", "code": "12658099", "title": "Die is caste: Villagers elect first dalit woman sarpanch", "text": "HAJIPAR (BHAVNAGAR): In 2005 this village gained notoriety when a dalit youth was torched to death by some locals for raising issues of injustice to his community. Seven years later, a change of heart in Hajipar is so much that they elected a dalit woman unopposed as a sarpanch, that too on a general category seat.Shantuben Jitiya (45) has made history by becoming the first dalit woman sarpanch in this village, which has only two dalit families in the 2,000-odd population. It does not end at Shantuben. All members of her executive committee are women, a first in Hajipar.Interestingly, Vijay, a 25-year-old youth murdered, was her husband Rajubhai Jitiya's nephew. Rajubhai, who was working as a sanitary worker in Surat till 2005, decided to come back to his native village and start a fight against untouchability and rights for dalits and the underprivileged.After persistently working for rights of backward communities, Shantuben and Rajubhai have won the hearts of people. Majority castes in village are Prajapatis, Ahirs and other OBC communities.\"We were not allowed take drinking water from village's well as we are untouchables and we had to wait for hours to get water. We were not allowed into the temple,\" Rajubhai said.\"We are determined to bring the change in the village. For us, it's a great change as most of the villagers (Prajapatis) have supported us despite the fact that some of their community brutally murdered our nephew. Now, they come to our home and do not believe in untouchability,\" Shantuben said.Drinking water for those living below poverty line (BPL) is Shantuben's priority. \"My first priority as a sarpanch will be to provide drinking water facility to BPL families as they have not been provided water since years,'' she said.Dalit rights activist Martin Mackwan, who recently visited Hajipar, termed the village as a real 'samras' gram panchayat. \"This is the best example of samras village in which dominant castes support dalit woman as sarpanch. This is the real change in village and people put faith in those who have been neglected since years,'' Mackwan said.Jasmat Gohil (60), who belongs to Prajapati caste, said, \"The couple has done a lot for villagers. We have great faith in them for betterment of this village. Hence, we decided to support his wife's candidature as sarpanch.\"\"We have supported her as we are hopeful that she and her husband will devotedly work to solve the basic problem of villagers as they have always done,'' a villager Irfan Pancha said.\"Shantuben and her husband are working selflessly. We have no electricity connection in our homes since years. She has promised us electricity once she becomes the sarpanch. So, we supported her irrespective of the caste. We want development in the village,'' a villager Bahadur Prajapati said.\"There are some cases in the state where dalit candidates were elected as village sarpanchs even on general category seats, but this one is the best among them,'' Mackwan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659029", "title": "Lokayukta will try Yeddyurappa in land grab case", "text": "BANGALORE: Not satisfied with the clean chit given by the Lokayukta police to former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa and housing minister V Somanna in an illegal land denotification complaint, a special Lokayukta court on Friday decided to take cognizance of the case and conduct the trial.Judge N K Sudhindra Rao issued summons to Yeddyurappa, Somanna, his wife Shylaja and D Lingaiah, directing them to appear before the court on April 30.The complaint pertains to the alleged illegal denotifications of 22 guntas of land (40 guntas is equal to one acre) in Bangalore.Lokayukta investigation officer DySP Prasanna V Raju had filed a 'B' report in the court, giving a clean chit to the accused. The complainant had objected to the 'B' report and filed a complaint before the special Lokayukta court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12656391", "title": "'Single bidder left in fray in 66% def deals\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: After CBI and Enforcement Directorate, now the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) is reviewing procurements in Services and defence preparedness of the country. A report is expected in the forthcoming Budget session.Irregularities in defence purchases are nothing new, but it has reached new heights. A CAG report in recent past had carried out review of 18 sensitive defence deals between 2003 and 2006. The auditor found that in at least 66% of these cases, there were single bidders left in the fray at the final pre-qualified stage after trials were conducted. And in the remaining six, there were only two bidders each. This defeated the purpose of competitive bidding.In some of the cases, it was found that new bidders were introduced in middle of the tendering process. The ministry of defence (MoD) even changed specifications in certain cases after issue of tenders with complete disregard to the norms.These contracts pertained to acquisition of explosive detector, thermal imaging, binoculars for troops, air target imitators, combat diving equipment, remotely operated vehicle, helicopter mounted surveillance system, payload for UAV, oxygen mask and demining equipment among others.It was found that the number of vendors, who responded to the request for proposal (RFP), was far less than the number of vendors identified and issued RFP, while restricting the competitive process. The market survey for capital acquisition was limited and there was no system of vendor rating or information on the past performance of the prospective supplier.All these procurements revealed that there was no coordination among the three forces. The Army has resorted to independent procurement for common items, which, if done jointly, could have obtained best value for money.In almost 50% of the deals scrutinized it was found that specifications were changed by the Army after issue of tenders. It was also found that number of repeated orders was considerably high, indicating that increased volume of scale was not exploited to negotiate better terms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "12656947", "title": "Transport officials face fresh probe in \u2018monthly bribe\u2019 case in Haryana", "text": "BHIWANI: Following the court orders, police have decided to re-investigate a case related to charging of monthly bribe from truck operators by the alleged 'agents' of transport officials in Hisar in 2011. Police had filed a chargesheet against five accused, including a constable in the case, few months after arresting one of them red-handed taking the bribe money from a truck owner at Tosham (Bhiwani) on July 17, 2011. In the case, police had given clean-chit to the then Hisar regional transport authority (RTA) Mahabir Parsad Jangra, who is presently posted as a sub-divisional magistrate (SDM), Hansi.After hearing arguments on the question of framing of the charges last month, the court of Bhiwani additional sessions judge MM Dhonchak had reached a conclusion that \"all cannot be said to be was well with investigation of the case and this is a case which warrants further investigation\".\"What are the flaws in the investigation and those are not required to be delineated at this stage as it may hamper the course of investigation but this court is satisfied that the facts and circumstances of the case warrant re-investigation,\" the judge said asking for re-investigation by May 9.In his probe report, deputy superintendent of police, Bhiwani, Balbir Singh had said that the evidence had been gathered against police constable Ravinder Kumar, Dadri resident Bijender, alias Dillu, Rajasthan resident Ramniwas, Hisar residents Gaurav alias Sonu and Dinesh Kumar alias Dhannu under the Prevention of Corruption Act. \"No solid proof has come on record against RTA Mahabir Parsad and villager Narender,\" he added. In August, 2011, a resident of village Lalpura (Hisar), Manoj Kumar, who has three trucks, had complained to police that Gaurav took Rs 3,000 per truck monthly from him to give to the RTA.According to the complaint, later Ramniwas had started taking the bribe money to give it to the RTA after keeping his and Gaurav's commission. Then, police had arrested Ramniwas red-handed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12656881", "title": "CAG slams power corporation for frequent blackouts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The comptroller and auditor general (CAG) has not only slammed Haryana power discoms for financial mismanagement but also the Punjab State Power Corporation Ltd (PSPCL) for failing to meet the demand for electricity and incurring losses in crores of rupees.In its latest report, CAG has stated that PSPCL was not able to keep pace with the increasing demand and power deficit increased from 5,376 million units (MUs) in 2006-07 to 15,518 MUs in 2010-11. To meet power deficit, it resorted to unplanned purchase through short term measures, adds the report, which has audited the company performance from 2006 to 2011.According to the report, the total supply, even after power purchase from many sources, was not sufficient to meet the peak demand. There remained a shortfall ranging between 1,332 to 2.379 MW even after purchase of power and consequently the company had to resort to rotational load shedding to the extent of 0.44 to 3.30 hours per day during 2006-11.The CAG reveals that out of 74,642 MUs power purchased during 2006-11, 16,764 MUs was in the form of overdrawl from the grid and short-term power purchase made at higher rates of Rs 4.69 per unit and Rs 6.23 per unit respectively. Had the company resorted to long-term purchase, power would have cost Rs 2.73 per unit, adds the report.The corporation made short-term panic purchases at an exorbitant average cost of Rs 5.75 per unit, when its actual realization of revenue was Rs 3.50 per unit. \"Had the company resorted to well-panned long-term arrangements of power purchase, the short-term power purchase at a high cost of Rs 5,062.73 crores incurred during 2006-11 could have been reduced considerably,\" states the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12662278", "title": "Samarjitsinh not to contest for Baroda Cricket Association president\u2019s post", "text": "VADODARA: The much-anticipated showdown between the royal family scion, Samarjitsinh Gaekwad, and top industrialist, Chirayu Amin fizzled out on Friday. Gaekwad after a brief meeting with Amin on Friday decided not to contest for the post of president in Baroda Cricket Association (BCA). Amin is currently holding the president's post. Gaekwad said that he had backed out considering the association's interests in mind. But, he also indicated that he wasn't happy with BCA's functioning over last couple of years.Gaekwad's decision left everyone surprised as most BCA members and even the opposition camp was confident that he would contest as president. Gaekwad himself had shown keen interest in contesting for the top position in BCA. \"I took the decision in the interest of BCA. Currently, the process of acquiring land for cricket stadium is in progress and I don't want to rock the boat thereby hindering the stadium project. So, I decided not to contest for president's post,\" Samarjitsinh told TOI after meeting Amin. BCA vice-president Sanjay Patel too was present during the meet.\"I know I will be upsetting lot of people but I am putting the association's needs on priority. I have been vocal about the members' feelings on lot of issues as we owe a lot to BCA members. But I was convinced during the meeting to not contest for the top post,\" Gaekwad said. He went on to add that he was unhappy about the way BCA was functioning and hence thought of contesting for president's post.But, Gaekwad has managed to arm-twist Amin into speeding up the stadium project. A senior BCA official claimed that Amin has been asked to seal the land deal quickly and get things going within a year. The stadium project had become a major bone of contention between Gaekwad and Amin over last couple of years. While Gaekwad had keen interest in the project, Amin had decided to execute it single-handedly.The current management had rode into power a decade ago on the promises of constructing cricket stadium and providing clean administration. However, two land deals made by BCA failed and the association is yet to recover over Rs four crore paid during the second deal. After the compromise, Amin will continue on the president's post and Gaekwad will contest for vice-president's post. Sanjay Patel will contest for honorary secretary's post along with Sachin Dalvi. And, Arun Gandhi will contest for treasurer's post for the second consecutive polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12657513", "title": "Politicos join issue in nurses\u2019 strike, CPI secretary addresses rally", "text": "COIMBATORE: CPI state secretary D Pandian came down heavily on the management of PSG hospital for taking an adamant stand against nurses' on strike demanding wage revision. Addressing the striking nurses in Gandhipuram on Friday evening, Pandian warned the hospital management against complicating the issue.\"The nurses are on strike for the last seven days and they are raising very genuine demands. But the management is dealing with them the same way Mahinda Rajpakse treats Sri Lankan Tamils. It is highly deplorable,'' Pandian said. He also extended the support of his party to the strike.Pandian said he had taken up the issue already with chief minister J Jayalalithaa and the labour minister. \"On the first day of the agitation, we contacted the management to settle the issue. But the management refused to respond,'' he said, adding that the pressure tactics of the management will not bear fruit.\"The management is hell-bent on destroying the unity of the nurses. By denying water, food and electricity to hostel blocks and not allowing vehicles carrying food and water to the compounds, what is the management trying to justify? How can a charity institution behave like this? The hospital must restore the basic amenities as soon as possible,\" Pandian said.\"The management must come forward and accept the demands of the nurses,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12662315", "title": "Heritage conservation gets impetus", "text": "VADODARA: For the first time the General Development and Control Regulations (GDCR) will also have Heritage Regulations regarding both natural and built heritage in the city. A notification of the new GDCR that was received by Vadodara Urban Development Authority (VUDA) recently will put restrictions on development around listed heritage locations.The GDCR has also made provisions for cultural, environmental and natural areas like groves, hills, hillocks, water bodies as well as open and wooded areas. The GDCR states that a Heritage Conservation Committee (HCC) will be appointed by the government and VUDA will consult it when it comes to any development, redevelopment, alterations, additions, repairs, renovation of the listed heritage buildings, heritage precincts or listed natural features of the city.Interestingly, the provisions under the GDCR itself can be altered, modified or relaxed by VUDA if needed for conservation, preservation or retention purposes or a listed heritage structure or precinct. Special regulations can also be formed for listed heritage precincts on natural features on the advise of the HCC.A major feature is that even road construction or widening will have to be planned or done in a way that it protects such precincts or natural features. Even the development plan can be modified to ensure that this happens.While at the face of it the GDCR may be considered as a major handicap by owners of heritage properties, it will act as a major boon for those who want to put these to use as a commercial property, office or hotel. However, the owner will have to ensure that the original character of the building is retained. Incentives have also been suggested for heritage conservation of listed heritage buildings or precincts. These will be planned on the advise of the HCC and may include things like transfer of development rights or creation of a repair fund for such properties. The GDCR has suggested that Hyderabad and Mumbai models may be followed in this regard.VUDA in charge executive engineer A C Vyas said that the regulations were in line with directives by the state government. He said that the list of heritage buildings and precincts will be drawn by the HCC and finalized soon.State co-coordinator for Indian National Trust for Art, Culture and Heritage (INTACH) Sanjeev Joshi said that the salient feature of the new GDCR was that it included even natural heritage like water bodies. \"The GDCR also establishes a clear mechanism on how to go about preservation of heritage through the HCC. The grading system of heritage properties and areas is very detailed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12657845", "title": "73-yr-old man dies in Cuncolim bus mishap", "text": "MARGAO: Seventy-three-year-old Mario Fernandes, a resident of Balli, died, after the two-wheeler he was riding, was hit by a KTC bus from behind on Saturday morning at Cuncolim.Police sources said that the accident occurred near the Cuncolim police station. The deceased was dragged for some distance after being hit by the bus, they said.Fernandes was rushed to the Goa Medical College and Hospital (GMC), Bambolim, but succumbed to his injuries.The driver of the bus, Satyendra Dessai, was arrested by the Cuncolim police for rash and negligent driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "12657053", "title": "Tirumala turns fake currency hub", "text": "TIRUMALA: The temple town and the surrounding areas in Chittoor district are fast becoming hubs of fake currency routed via Pakistan and Bangladesh . The police arrested seven youths, including the kingpin of a currency racket recently and during investigations, found that Rs 6 lakh worth fake notes were distributed in the local market.The kingpin, Lokmat, 30, was produced before a magistrate here on Friday on the charges of distributing Rs 4.5 lakh worth fake notes. Lokmat of Malda district in West Bengal was arrested on March 30 and brought here after his gang members spilled the beans.Three youths - Kamarul Ali, 21, Anjum, 20 and Rafiq, 22 - were arrested in Tirumala on March 11 following a complaint by a local shop owner. Police officials told TOI that during interrogations, the trio revealed the name of Lokmat and how they obtained the fake currency from Bangladesh.Police sources said fake notes were exchanged in Tirumala, Palamaner, Chintamani, Punganur and V Kota towns. \"Their modus operandi was simple. These youths used to dupe gullible shopkeepers easily. They bought goods worth not more than Rs 70 from these shops and handed over fake Rs 1,000 notes to them. Like this, they circulated Rs 6 lakh fake currency,\" I Town SI T Venkata Ravi told TOI.Police said the fake notes circulated by the gang members looked authentic and only the colour of the lining was different from the original.The gang was also behind circulation of fake currency in Guntur a few months ago and Raliwaykodur in Kadapa district.Another fake currency gang was busted in Tirumala six months ago and three members of the gang were arrested by the police.They had circulated nearly Rs 1 lakh worth fake notes in Tirumala and surrounding areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12658644", "title": "Matchstick unit owner succumbs to injuries", "text": "MADURAI: The owner of a matchstick making unit in Virudhunagar district, who suffered burn injuries during a fire accident, died on Thursday night in Madurai after treatment failed.An autorickshaw driver, who was shifting chemicals from the vehicle, also suffered burn injuries during the accident that occurred on April 10 at the matchstick making unit at Chathirapatti near Sattur, but is out of danger.Police said that Perumalsamy, owner of the unit had on the day of the incident had gone to Mettupatti and purchased chemicals used in the making of matchsticks. He brought the sack loads of chemicals in an autorickshaw to his unit in Chatirapatti. The driver Balasubramanian also helped him in shifting the chemical-laden sacks into the unit.Police said that Balasubramanian, instead of handling the chemicals with care had dropped one of the bags on the floor. It created friction among the chemicals sparking a fire. The bags of chemicals left on the floor also blew up, severely injuring Perumalsamy who was standing nearby, while Balasubramanian managed to escape with minor injuries.Both the injured were rushed to the government hospital at Sivakasi and later shifted to a private hospital in Madurai. Despite treatment in the intensive care unit, Perumalsamy succumbed to his injuries.This is the second accident in the last few days in Virudhunagar district. Two workers from a fireworks unit in Sankarapandiapuram near Sattur, who sustained serious burn injuries in a blast at the unit on March 27, succumbed to their injuries at a private hospital in Madurai on April 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12658023", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation to reinstate suspended officials", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has decided to reinstate the civic officials who have been suspended for their alleged involvement in the multi-crore Kothrud Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) scam.\"We are reinstating the accused in the Kothrud TDR case as per rules framed by the state government in 2011. The rules say civic employees who are accused of scams and have cases pending against them could be reinstated in the service. Accordingly, the PMC has decided to call back the officials accused in the TDR case,\" deputy municipal commissioner (establishment) K C Karkar told to TOI on Friday. Karkar added that the 'reinstate orders' were ready and would be issued in a couple of days.Maj. Gen. SCN Jatar (rtd) of NGO Nagrik Chetana Manch, however, said: \"The matter is subjudice and the case is in Bombay high court. Whatever steps the PMC is taking, it should be cautious.\" The NGO had filed a public interest litigation (No. PIL/127/2006) in the high court in 2006 regarding irregularities in allotment of TDR.Surajya Sangharsh Samiti president Vijay Kumbhar said, \"In the last two days the PMC has suddenly awakened to the state government rules and have started the process to reinstate the accused in the TDR case. This sudden movement is suspicious. Also, how is the PMC going to guarantee that the accused who will be back in service will not tamper with the records to prove their innocence?\"The scam had rocked the city in October 2005, when the PMC had been allegedly duped to the tune of Rs 14 crore by two property owners and their agent. They had procured TDR for a plot in Kothrud which had already been acquired and paid for by the PMC. Subsequently the PMC suspended six officials in 2008 and allowed the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) to book them for the TDR scam. The decision was taken after the ACB submitted a report, which stated that assistant engineer Deepak Bhalchandra Kulkarni, junior engineers Dattatray Bhanudas Tambare, Madhusudan Shrirang Yenkar and Chandrasen Tulshiram Nagtilak, legal advisor Ravindra Nivrutti Thorat and maintenance surveyor Sitaram Chintu Kadhu had been found to have criminal intentions in the scam.In 1979, the PMC had acquired 36,000 sq.m. of land for constructing a garden at survey nos. 143/1, 143/2, 144/1/2 and 144/3 at Kothrud and had compensated the owners Prabhakar Bhide, Haridas Parekh and others. It had paid a compensation of Rs 21,85,826 to the owners of the land. The accused, subsequently, submitted fake documents, claiming that they had not received compensation and submitted an application to the PMC. The civic officials granted TDR for the same plot once again but, later, realised that they had been cheated and lodged a police complaint. But corporators pointed out that it was the duty of the officials to verify the documents before granting TDR and that there was a possibility that they, too, were involved in the scam.As per rules of the state government, civic employees who are accused of scams and have cases pending against them could be reinstated in service, a PMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12658618", "title": "Capt Amarinder Singh may continue as Congress chief for now", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In spite of electoral setback in Punjab, Amarinder Singh may be retained as Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee chief for the time being, sources in AICC have indicated.Punjab Congress is going through a rough phases as a few party leaders, including former chief minister Rajinder Kaur Bhattal, MP Partap Singh Bajwa, Jagmeet Brar, Sukhpal Singh Khaira and Union minister Ashwini Kumar, demanding Amarinder's ouster and blaming him and his coterie for the poll debacle.Sources said one of the reasons why Amarinder would be retained for the time being was that the party is yet to find an alternative. It feels that the combination of Sunil Jakhar, who has been appointed as the CLP leader, and Amarinder is good as the former represents the Hindu face, a vote bank that did not fully back the Congress in the elections.The party high command, they added, feels that leaders who are clamouring for Amarinder's removal are not united among themselves, except on the point of Amarinder's removal from PCC post. The other factor that has gone in Amarinder's favour is that the Congressmen gunning for him are the same who have been opposing him for years, except for the addition of Sukhpal Khaira and a few young leaders who were more miffed with his coterie than Amarinder himself.Dissidents who met AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Thursday were asked why the entire blame was being fixed on Amarinder, when one of the reasons for loss could be weak campaigning by party candidates themselves.However, sources added that Amarinder, unlike before, would not enjoy the same stature and his performance would be constantly monitored. \"Earlier, he was never challenged in Delhi and all his demands were ceded to,\" they said.The other factor that is going against Amarinder besides his accessibility is the loss of his son Raninder from Samana. \"If a leader of the stature of Amarinder could not ensure the victory of his son, that, too, from Patiala parliamentary constituency, it is a huge negative for him,\" they added. This means that he did not identify the right candidates on some seats which led to losses, the party sources claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657395", "title": "M-commerce, the next big thing", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the growth of smartphones, tablets and mobile devices, mobile commerce or mcommerce has started to gain prominence amongst the digital marketplace. According to an eBay study, Mobile Assisted Commerce (MAC) is set to come to the mainstream in India in 2012. With reductions in smartphone prices and increased 3G penetration, m-commerce is set to increase.The recent Airtel advertisement showing a girl buying bags after her mother sends money 'through mobile' or the one showing a friend helping another with Rs 65 through his mobile (for a drink of course!) are just the examples of companies trying to tap the m-commerce market in the country.The idea is at a very nascent stage and things are moving slow, but in the right direction. eBay Inc clocked in revenues of 5 billion dollars globally from m-commerce in 2011 and expects to hit the 8 billion dollars mark in 2012. eBay India has seen tremendous demand of m-commerce in India. Indians being bargain hunters uses MAC for price comparison and then do the actual purchase.\"I always compare price from my mobile device before purchasing books. If I get a better bargain, I order it online,\" says Soujanya, a PR consultant by profession. She says there have been many instances when she visits a bookstore and after price comparison using her mobile device, she ended up ordering online.A study by digital news website, Mashable, says that 47% of smartphone owners and 56% of tablet owners plan to purchase more products on their respective devices in the future. The market is virgin and with the betterment of e-commerce in general and mobile payment gateways in particular, change in perspective is expected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12661680", "title": "Vishu celebrated across Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: People across Kerala on Saturday celebrated Malayalam new year 'Vishu' with traditional fervor and offered prayers at nearby temples, looking ahead to a season of prosperity and harmony.People woke up early in the morning to see the 'Vishu Kani', the ceremony of looking at auspicious articles like rice, gold coins, fruits and pulses and also the 'konna' flower, along with an idol of Lord Krishna.Temples across the state, including the famous Sri Krishna Temple at Guruvayur and Lord Ayyappa Temple at Sabarimala witnessed heavy rush of devotees on the occasion.In central and north Kerala, bursting of crackers early in the morning formed part of the festival celebrations.As part of the tradition of Vishu Kaineetam, elders in each family gave away cash to younger members.The highlight of Vishu is a sumptuous feast with several dishes mostly made of seasonal vegetables and fruits like cucumber, plantain, mango and jackfruit and a sweet 'payasam'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12657942", "title": "I'll bow to the sacred land of Maharashtra: Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar, on Friday, refused to take issue with Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray who warned him against his Mumbai visit on Sunday to participate in the Bihar Diwas celebration.\"The Bihar Diwas celebration at Mumbai is not a political programme. It is a social and cultural function. I will definitely go to Mumbai and participate in the scheduled functions to be held there on Sunday,\" Nitish said, adding that he, in fact, would \"bow to the sacred land of Maharashtra\" on the occasion.Trying to lock horns with Nitish over his reported statement that he did not need a visa to visit Mumbai, Raj told a rally at Malegaon in Maharashtra on Thursday, \"Let us see how he (Nitish) celebrates Bihar Din in Mumbai.\"However, he also praised the Bihar CM in the same vein. \"Nitish is a nice person who is developing his state and his government has put 50,000 'goondas' behind the bars, which made it possible for women to walk safely on Bihar roads.\"As if aware of Thackeray's praise, Nitish said, \"Leaders and saints of Maharashtra had given a direction to the country. They made sacrifices for the country. I will bow to the land of such great persons of Maharashtra.\"According to Nitish, \"It is a very simple programme which is not being organized to hurt or harm anyone. I don't think anyone should protest against it.\" He said the Bihar Diwas function, in fact, would serve as a \"bridge\" between the people of the two states.Expressing concern over Raj's comment, state JD(U) chief and Rajya Sabha member Vashisth Narayan Singh said the Mumbai function would be part of Bihar centenary celebration and the MNS chief's remarks were unwarranted.Sources said Nitish will leave Patna for Mumbai by air at 2.30 pm on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12657146", "title": "Indian Mujahideen member\u2019s arrest proves city\u2019s terror link", "text": "KOLKATA: Days after TOI highlighted how Kolkata was becoming a safe haven for terrorists, the arrest of another Indian Mujahideen member - the group that has allegedly conducted 28 blasts across the country in the past four years - from Park Street in Kolkata has established that the terror links in this city runs deep. The accused, Kamal Hassan , 34, is the 12th member of the Bihar module of IM that was responsible for attacks on the foreign tourists at Jama Masjid in Delhi, the German Bakery attack in Pune and the blasts outside the Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru just before the commencement of an IPL match.Sources in Delhi Police said they had already identified Kamal as a key member and an arrest warrant had been issued for him from a Delhi court. \"We are moving a Bengaluru court to seek transit remand of the accused,\" said Ashok Chand, additional CP (Special Investigating Unit). Sources said the accused had been staying at Nabi Karim for a decade and owned a bag manufacturing unit. He came in touch with the No. 3 man of IM and head of India operations, Yasin Bhatkal, in 2009 through another IM member, Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui, who had already visited Kolkata and several places at Malda and Murshidabad. A resident of Darbhanga, Kamal was charged with gathering funds and arranging safe hideouts for the main man Yasin. Sources said Kamal was searching for a safe house near Port area so that Yasin - now believed to be operating from near the Indo-Nepal borders - can settle here for some time.An expert in arms manufacture, he was holed up at the IM's arms manufacturing unit at Mir Vihar in Delhi along with Irshad Khan, the father-in-law of Yasin. Cops believe his arrest will help link up the movements of Fariq, who was arrested earlier, and Mohammad Naquee in Kolkata, Bihar and Nepal for two years. The Maharashtra ATS that had arrested Naquee earlier believes the IM also played a role in last year's serial Mumbai blasts.The special cell of Delhi Police has also confirmed the West Bengal Special Task Force's claim that Yasin had been arrested by West Bengal Police in a fake currency case, but was let off due to lack of evidence. \"The questioning of 11 IM operatives has confirmed that Yasin had travelled through Bengal several times,\" said a special cell officer.Investigating agencies, though, have stepped up vigil in the state after the arrest. Earlier, a Hizbul operative who was studying medicine in Bangladesh and accused of carrying a blast outside Delhi high court last year has conceded to using Bengal as his transit point. Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui - one of those in police net - spilled the beans on IM's Kolkata connections. The cops said the accused had gone to Kolkata and stayed at several hideouts at Zakaria Street and Metiaburuz. \"They never stayed in a place beyond three days. They had set up lathe-machines and wanted to acquire arms from Bengal. Bangladesh still houses HuJI modules and we are probing if the IM module was in touch with them,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "12658240", "title": "This activist\u2019s queries exposed lies of 24x7 PHCs", "text": "NADIAD: Four years ago the state government had declared a chunk of public health centers (PHCs) across small towns and talukas to be open 24x7. This was done so that poor women who come for deliveries late in the night are given prompt medical care. The step was also aimed at handling emergency trauma cases. But doctors who were supposed be present at these medical centers manipulated their attendance and even lied on records about attending emergency cases.It took an RTI application of Michael Mackwan in January last year to reveal the farce behind the 24x7 committed healthcare facility in Nadiad district. Mackwan demanded the attendance list of 90 doctors in 48 PHCs across eight talukas of Nadiad district and found that a majority of the 39 doctors who were employed in the special 24x7 PHCs were commuting between Ahmedabad. Mackwan's RTI revealed that only 17 doctors lived within the campus or in the close vicinity of the PHC.\"The government had mandated that doctors should live within eight km of the PHCs. These doctors were also claiming house rent allowance (HRA) from the government,\" says Mackwan.\"The health department had also required that 24x7 PHCs refer emergency cases like complicated deliveries of pregnant women and even trauma victims to the civil hospital. In RTI replies, each of the 17 PHCs which were 24x7 said that it had been referring complicated cases to the Nadiad civil hospital. In a separate RTI query, the civil hospital replied that not a single complicated case was referred to it by the 17 PHCs since inception. The doctors had been lying on records,\" says Mackwan.Once the truth was out, the district development officer (DDO) Manisha Chnadra had enough proof to deduct house rent allowance (HRA) of seven errant doctors and even institute periodic inspection of the doctors employed at various PHCs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "12658659", "title": "Private firm official hacked to death by subordinate", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: A deputy general manager of a private cement manufacturing company in Virudhunagar was hacked to death by a suspended employee, on Thursday night.The official's wife, who attempted to protect her husband, also sustained cut injuries when the man attacked with a sickle. The incident sparked unrest in the company as the officials and employees demanded immediate arrest of the culprit. The body of G Raja Rajeswaran (56) was later handed over to his relatives after post-mortem on Friday.\"We have formed special teams to arrest the suspect. He might not have fled far. We will nab him soon,\" said a police officer.Police said that the suspect C Ganesan (52), a native of Tirunelveli, now residing in Pandalkudi in Virudhunagar, was working in Ramco Cements for the past 15 years. He was also a former leader of the DMK trade union wing in the company.\"He was a crusher operator in the company. Though Ganesan was scheduled to commence operation of the crusher machine by 7.30am everyday, he used to often come late. He was warned by senior officials in the company several times for lack of punctuality. Few days back, another employee, who was entrusted with the job of mixing certain chemicals and powders, told Ganesan that his work was also getting delayed due to the former's irregularity. The employee then lodged a complaint with Raja Rajeswaran,\" the police officer said.On April 12, Rajeswaran summoned Ganesan and after reprimanding him suspended him. An infuriated Ganesan left the company immediately. Later, he went to the residential quarters of Rajeswaran, located in the vicinity of the company around 8.30pm. Rajeswaran was having his supper when Ganesan went there and picked up a quarrel.\"Rajesarwan scolded Ganesan for visiting the house during the late hours and asked him to meet him in the office the next day. But Ganesan had already planned to murder him and had taken a sickle along with him. He pulled out the sickle and started attacking Rajeswaran indiscriminately leaving him in a pool of blood,\" police said.Rajeswaran's wife, Ananthi, who was shocked at the development, jumped between the two to protect her husband but in the melee sustained cut injuries. Ganesan fled from the spot and hid inside the company. \"Inquiries have revealed that Ganesan picked up an old uniform from the company and escaped in the guise of an employee,\" the police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12656715", "title": "NMC gets most revenue from octroi collection", "text": "NASHIK: Ashok Satbhai (MNS) pointed out that if the employees of the NMC are managed well they can achieve what private people have. \"We can have a competition among the octroi collection staff of various posts and set targets for them. On completion of targets, the employees can be given incentives,\" he suggested.Gurumeet Bagga (independent) said octroi collection employees can achieve the target with the guidance of the commissioner. He remarked that two years ago, when octroi privatization was proposed, there were 14 caps in opposition and now they are in power (referring to MNS). He said leaving aside party differences, all the corporators need to think how the target of Rs 656 crore could be achieved. He pointed out that according to a government resolution, octroi once started cannot be cancelled. Corporators pointed out that hooliganism existed among private collectors. They said if it was causing inconvenience to citizens then privatization should be cancelled.Devyani Pharande (BJP) said Sena-BJP combine had privatized octroi collection to increase the revenue and citizen was not burdened with raises in house and water tax during their tenure.\"We did not take any loan. When we supported MNS, people said that we would be difficult for the MNS but if we wanted to oppose, we would have done so earlier. We are just concerned about achieving the target. If the target is not achieved, BJP won't be responsible.\" She said that good revenue from hoardings on the lines of following Pune Municipal Corporation norms could also be generated. Prakash Londhe (RPI) asked who would be responsible if the expected revenue is not achieved.Velrasu while clarifying said that Rs 611 crore was needed for compulsory works, said Rs 416 crore were required for those in which work orders and tenders were issued, Rs 11 crore for those in which work order has not been given and Rs 22 crore for proposed works. \"The target of Rs 656 crore from octroi collection was made taking into consideration the trend in the collection and on the basis of last year's figure,\" he said. He said that NMC lacked manpower and infrastructure. Corporators opposing privatization said NMC could recruit the necessary staff.\"(But) after six-and-a-half hours of discussion on the issue, it is clear that all the members are unanimous about cancelling privatization. The NMC works for the benefit and needs of the citizens. If privatization is causing inconvenience to the citizens then it should be stopped. The NMC will collect the octroi. They can do it if they have the will. They have one month to put in place the necessary system and infrastructure,\" mayor Wagh said.The NMC generates maximum revenue from octroi collection. Around 75% of the total revenue comes from octroi collection. After the printing of fake octroi receipts was unearthed near Dindori octroi over three years ago, then ruling alliance of Shiv Sena-BJP had taken the decision to privatize octroi collection amidst heavy opposition from other political parties and industrialists. MNS was always against privatizing octroi collection and had put it on their manifesto.Set Target for octroi collection this year - Rs 656cr- Last year's collection - Rs 524.61 croresRevenue targets up by 25% increase to 25% instead of 15% last year of a yearly increase in 15 percent revenue according to rules, commissioner had set target 25 percent higherEmployees needed revenue collectionby NMC for octroi collection: 600 double of what was needed before almost twice of what it was before privatisationVans needed for octroi collection: 20", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12657010", "title": "UID project all set to resume by April 30", "text": "KOCHI: After a short hiatus, authorities are all set to resume enrolment for the unique identity numbers (UID) project.During the second phase, the software will be tweaked to ensue that no errors happen. According to Akshaya authorities, the project will begin at the end of this month.\"We will be able to resume enrolment by the end of April. We are updating the software,\" said Akshaya project director K Mathew.\"We will be able to do our job smoothly. Though UID authorities have introduced some stringent measures including fines on quality grounds, we don't think it will trouble us. Our quality is appreciated in India,\" he said.Earlier, the project ran into some confusion whether bio-metric data has to be taken for UID and National Population Registry (NPR) projects. While UID is a voluntary scheme, NPR is mandatory for all residents. The main concern was data duplication if data was collected separately for both projects. Also there were reports that immigrants had forged documents to avail benefits in different parts of the country, mainly in the northern regions. So UID authorities were forced to stop data collection temporarily. But later the Union government asked UID authorities to resume data collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12658780", "title": "Animal sacrifice prevented in Belgaum village", "text": "BELGAUM: Dayananda Swami, chairman, World Animal Welfare Board and Cow Cattle Protection Force (CPF), successfully stopped slaughtering of buffaloes and sheep at Sindhihatti village in Hukkeri taluk on Wednesday during a fair.Swami, along with the officials of local administration and police, visited Sindhihatti on Wednesday and persuaded villagers not to convert temples as slaughter houses. The villagers respected his words and gave up slaughtering of animals. They also handed over three male buffaloes to Swami.Dayananda Swami said his organization would also visit Belgaum district during the fairs at Kundargi and Paschapur villages where animals were slaughtered in thousands.Swami, who had been carrying this movement for the past 25 years, said slaughtering of cow and cattle was an offence As per the Karnataka Prevention of Cow Slaughter and Cattle Prevention Act 1964.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657440", "title": "Another maid abuse: Accused Kalkaji couple on the run", "text": "NEW DELHI: While investigations are on in the Dwarka maid abuse case, another couple accused of inflicting injuries on their minor domestic help is on the run. In an order issued on Thursday, the Lajpat Nagar Child Welfare committee said the couple from Kalkaji \"are not living at their residence now and are not traceable.\"Though the man, Vineet, a banker by profession was arrested and released on bail on March 21, his wife has yet not been arrested. Taking cognizance of this, the CWC order said the girl was treated \"like an animal\" by her employers and that the lady, who is a doctor, \"has not been arrested as yet.\"Observing that not much progress was made on the investigations regarding \"the identification of traffickers and placement agencies,\" the CWC directed Delhi Police to not only produce the couple before it, but also to investigate all the people involved in the trafficking and procurement of the girl. The order also directed that the girl be produced in front of the SDM so that a statement can be recorded. The CWC order also questioned the girl's age determination report, which says she is around 20-22 years old.\"If she is found to be above 20 years of age, the matter will be referred to the Delhi Commission for Women,\" said a CWC official.NGO Child Line had found her age to be around 15 years when the girl was produced before the CWC after she was rescued.In March, the girl, employed as a domestic help, in the house of the couple in Kalkaji, was admitted to AIIMS Trauma Centre, after her employers allegedly thrashed her. \"She had nail scratches all over her neck, her eyes were swollen and her ear was badly injured,\" said a CWC official.Investigations revealed the girl had been employed with the couple for the past three years. The girl alleged that her employers use to beat her frequently over small things. The girl had escaped from the couple's residence and brought to AIIMS by a samaritan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12663915", "title": "New kid on the block!", "text": "There's a new kid on the block. This one's not just an actor but he even has his own dance company.Meet Saif Ali Khan , 23 year old who made his make in the media with his serials like Chandra for Jaya tv and winner of the reality show, \"Chennai Super Kings Cheer Leaders\" for Vijay TV.The youngster was also the comperer for Ankarai Petti for Zee Tamil. \"I run a dance school named Fancy Feet Academy of Dance. Initially, I started learning dance in the age of 5 from cini choreographers Raja and Anwar, assistants of Raju Sundaram and Kalyan master.\"About the dance school, he explains, \" We teach western styles like Jazz, Freestyle, Hip Hop, Salsa and Tango. We also focus on folk and other styles like bollywood , contemporary and Tamil folk. Every year we conduct an Annual bash for the students of our institute. Our students are given opportunity to perform in events like product launches &amp; several dance competitions.\" says Saif with pride.For Saif, his big break was when he got an opportunity to enter small screen (serials). \"I worked for a tele serial Chandra , where I played the role of a table tennis player which was telecasted on Jaya Tv for 6 months and that followed with a few more serials.\"Dancing was always a passion for Saif. \"From serials, compereing and reality show life turned into kollywood where I was offered to do movies. I was roped in for Adhigaram , where in have played a role of a young guy taking revenge for his girl friends death which is almost at the level of post production, directed by Mr. Arumugam. Now I am likely to do a character role for the remake of Sattam Oru Irutarai , directed by Sneha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12656707", "title": "MVD online services fail to click", "text": "KOZHIKODE: There are only a few takers for the online services offered by the Kerala Motor Vehicles Department. The online facility was introduced in April last year.The public can apply online for various services, including learners' licence, driving licence, renewal of licence, transfer of licence, vehicle registration, renewal of registration, change in address in the RC book, transfer of ownership and fitness certificate.According to officials in the department, if people start applying online, the rush at regional transport offices would come down.The facility is also aimed at reducing the role of intermediaries, especially driving schools. Driving schools in the state charge exorbitant fee from those who approach them to apply for or renew licences. \"People still go to driving schools to apply and renew licences. Only a few take the online route,\" said, Alex Paul, joint transport commissioner.According to the department, presently the e-payment facility for its services is available only with the regional transport office, Thiruvananthapuram. As the facility is not available in all the regional transport offices, after filing the applications, applicants are required to approach the offices with the printouts of the applications.\"We need to upgrade the system, including the server, to extend the facility across the state, and we are in the process of upgrading them,\" said Alex. \"With the extension of the e-payment facility, more people will take the online route,\" said Rajeev Puthalath, regional transport officer, Vatakara. Even one year after the launch of the online application facility for the services offered by the Kerala motor vehicle department, there are only a few takers for the online services provided by the department.Online facility for the various services offered by the department was introduced in April last year with the aim to reduce the role of intermediaries, especially of driving schools. Public can apply for the services, including learners' license, renewal of licenses, driving license change, vehicle registration, renewal of registration, change in address in the RC book, transfer of ownership and fitness certificate. According to the officials with the department, if people start applying for the services through online rush in the regional transport offices are expected to decrease to a great extent.Driving schools in the state are charging exorbitant fee from those who approach them to apply and renew driving licenses.\"Even as the service was introduced with the aim to reduce the role of intermediaries, people are still going to driving schools to apply and renew licenses and only a few people are taking the online route to avail the services offered by the department, said, Alex Paul, joint transport commissioner.According to the department, presently the e-payment facility for its services is available only with the regional transport office, Thiruvananthapuram, which was introduced as a pilot project a couple of months back. Alex Paul, said, \"We need to upgrade the instruments, including the server, for extending the facility across the state and presently are in the process of upgrading them.\"As the e-pay facility is not available in all the regional transport offices at present, after filing the applications applicants are required to approach the regional transport offices with the printouts of applications.\"Even as public can file applications for almost all the services provided by the department through online, very few people are using the facility,\" said, Rajeev Puthalath, regional transport officer, Vatakara. However, he expressed the hope that with the extension of the e-payment facility across the state, more number of people will take the online route to avail the services of the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12657217", "title": "NISH team to help cochlear implant project", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A team of 13 audiologists of the National Institute of Speech and Hearing (NISH), Akkulam will help in implementing the cochlear implantation scheme mooted by the state government.The institute has already submitted a project proposal on the same to the state government. The scheme focuses on hearing-impaired kids from financially weak families across the state.Under the project, children with hearing impairment will be selected for cochlear implant surgery. \"Speech therapy is very crucial after the surgery. The child has to be trained for at least one year before we can say that the surgery is successful. The audiologists of NISH who are experts in auditory verbal therapy will take the kids through communication skill enhancement techniques after the surgery,\" said NISH executive director Dr Samuel Mathew. A cochlear implant is an electronic medical device that replaces the function of the damaged inner ear.Around 10 hospitals have been chosen from all over the state for conducting the surgery.NISH has also designed a special training programme for audiologists who can be deputed for helping the kids post-surgery. The programme, which will be implemented by Kerala Social Security Mission, will include kids below the age of three. \"Speech therapy is also essential for kids who have inhibitions in speaking. The kids will go through various types of communication skills after the surgery. With intensive post-implantation speech and language therapy, they will acquire age appropriate speech, language, developmental, and social skills,\" explained Mathew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12658852", "title": "Home is where theatre is for Sullia artiste", "text": "MANGALORE: For theatre artiste Jeevanram Sullia and his wife Moulya Jeevan, home is where theatre is. Their passion for performing arts so deep that they converted their home - 'Rangamane' at Sonangeri in Sullia taluk - into a theatre and training centre. Rangamane has all necessary infrastructure and atmosphere required for a theatre. In addition to a classroom and rehearsal room, the house has an amphitheatre named BV Karantha Bayalu Ranga Mandira with a seating capacity of about 500 and Sujana Ranga Kuteera, an exclusive training centre for yakshagana and drama.Sullia, who is a yakshagana artiste, theatre artiste, director, choreographer, costume designer, lights and sound technician, face mask designer and a magician, imparts knowledge on various spheres of performing arts at Rangamane throughout the year. \"It was an experiment. We designed our house aesthetically to make it a complete cultural centre. I feel proud that I could shape many artistes and promote various types of performing arts through my effort,\" he said.More than 1,000 children and adults, who are enthusiastic about performing arts from across the state, participate in training camps, workshops and summer camp organized at Rangamane every year. Jeevanram had conducted workshops on theatre for students, school teachers, college lecturers, bank employees and slum children.Jeevanram, who is a diploma holder in theatre arts from Neenasam Rangashikshana Kendra, had directed about 25 dramas in Kannada and Tulu.His plays were performed over 700 stages across the state.Jeevanram learnt yakshagana from his father Sujana Sullia. Winner of several state and national awards, Jeevanram is experimenting on building confidence and help bettering the lives of physically challenged, mentally challenged and academically backward children through theatre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12656790", "title": "Strong winds leave hoardings in tatters in parts of city", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wind speeds of 60kmph around Lodhi Road and about 90kmph further south left the city dotted with tattered hoardings on Friday. But people in the publicity business took the loss in their stride. \"This is a work-related hazard for us,\" said Anil Singh, who has been in the field of advertising for 15 years.\"Now hoardings are put up for very short durations, even a week in some cases. So, customers like to spend as little as possible on printing. The 'flex' sheets used these days are made from plastic fibres, and the good ones weigh around 13 ounces per square metre. But clients prefer using cheaper sheets that weigh only 5-6 ounces per square metre. These are extremely light and prone to tearing in strong winds,\" Singh added.Sometimes, the advertising agency has to bear the cost of a new hoarding but most are smart. Sunny Singh Bagga, owner of Adverlabs, says a clause in their agreements shifts the liability on clients in force majeure, or unforeseeable, events such as storms and floods.\"The average cost of printing one square foot of flex is Rs 6-10 while better quality flex costs Rs 15 per square foot. It is usually the bigger hoardings that tear since they have little support. If we provide more support than we do, the entire hoarding may collapse. Hence it is better to spend only a few thousand rupees on a new print,\" he said.Experts say the use of steel and tin frames has fallen out of favour due to high metal prices. \"Once a campaign is over, the hoarding is useless. This is why flex is mostly used as it is much cheaper,\" said the owner of a Najafgarh-based advertising agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi/bangalore", "code": "12656780", "title": "Another Indian Mujahideen man arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE: Delhi Police will take custody of an Indian Mujahideen operative recently arrested by Karnataka Police in Kolkata.The IM suspect, identified as Kamal, is said to be the member of the same module of IM boss Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh which had escaped from the Meer Vihar factory in November.Sources said they were probing his role in the Jama Masjid attack of September 19, 2010, and the Chinnaswamy stadium attack in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12658739", "title": "Monthly polio immunisation drive today", "text": "KANPUR: The second phase of special monthly polio immunization will be conducted at as many as 2,164 booths in the city on Sunday. According to the district health authorities, the target for this month is to cover kids who could not be given drops in previous drive.The monthly polio initiative will also comprise 108 door-to-door visiting teams. These teams will be divided block-wise to administer polio drops to the kids at their homes. The door-to-door polio campaign will be conducted from Monday to Friday. As many as 73 mobile teams will also be a part of the mission. Various teams will also remain stationed at railway stations, bus stands and other public spots like markets.The chief medical officer said that the Union government the state health authorities had decided to launch monthly polio administration drives in as many as 54 districts. To give the polio drives a new status and advancement, bivalent polio vaccine will be used this time. \"Initially we were using monovalent vaccine during polio drives which were unable to curb the polio virus fully. This time polio drive will contain bivalent vaccine which are highly effective,\" the CMO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12658589", "title": "Harilal will go to a good school", "text": "With the Supreme Court upholding the constitutional validity of Right to Education Act, the disadvantaged are feeling that this ray of hope will give their children a fighting a chance to get education. The apex court's verdict to reserve 25% seats for children belonging to economically weaker section (EWS) in both public and private schools is a landmark decision. Many families in Ludhiana are waiting for it to be implemented in letter and spirit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12664239", "title": "Pakistan should hand over Saeed to improve ties, BJP says", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Until Pakistan hands over LeT founder Hafiz Saeed to India bitterness in ties between the two countries cannot end, BJP today said. \"We favour better India-Pakistan relations, but want the neighbouring nation to address the core issue of terror that includes handing over Hafiz Saeed and others responsible for Mumbai terror attacks,\" BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain told a news conference here.Hussain said Saeed was \"enjoying patronage of ISI and Pakistan Army, and was giving anti-India statements without any fear\". \"Talk of better relations with India when Pakistan is extending patronage to a person like Saeed cannot go hand-in-hand. Pakistan must hand him over to us along with others whose names figure in the 'list of wanted' India has given to them.We believe till then, bitterness that is there in our relations cannot end,\" he said. On Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari's one-day visit to India last week, India had linked the progress in bilateral ties with Pakistan to taking action against Hafiz Saeed and others, he said.Hussain said taking steps to improve trade relations with Pakistan would no doubt benefit people on the both sides, \"but till the time core issue of terrorism is not addressed, overall relations cannot become better\". When asked about Sarabjit Singh , Indian prisoner on death row in Pakistan, Hussain said BJP demands efforts in this regard at prime minister Manmohan Singh's level. If Saeed is handed over and Sarabjit is released by Pakistan, then it will bring some improvement in the relations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657786", "title": "Driver dies in car mishap, seat-belt saves passenger", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 23-year-old BBA student was killed early on Friday morning when his speeding car hit a median near the Hauz Khas Metro station and rolled over several times. Police said the car was being driven at more than 120kmph and the driver, Ramneet Singh, had not strapped on his seat belt. His friend, who had fastened her seat belt, survived with minor injuries.The accident occurred opposite Laxman Public School, at the foot of the Panchsheel flyover, around 4.30am. Police said Yusuf Sarai resident Ramneet was driving back from a wedding in Gurgaon to drop his friend, identified as Neha Batra, in GK-II when his Toyota Corolla overturned after probably hitting and climbing up the median.\"Circumstantial evidence suggests the car hit the divider and rolled over a few times before settling on its wheels again. Ramneet had severe head injuries, and he bled heavily. His body was found without the seatbelt fastened,\" said a police officer.While a passerby alerted police about the accident, Neha called up Ramneet's family from her mobile phone as soon as she came to. Police said they did not find her at the spot, as she had left with her family to seek treatment. She was discharged from hospital after first aid.\"We received a PCR call regarding the accident around 4.30am and rushed to the spot. We found a white Corolla Altis car (DL 3C BD 3468) in a damaged condition on the carriageway towards Greater Kailash. A man lay in the driver's seat completely covered in blood. He was removed and brought to AIIMS Trauma Centre in a PCR van but the doctors declared him dead on arrival,\" said a police officer.PCR personnel informed the Hauz Khas police station about the accident around 5.30am. \"We have registered a case of rash driving and causing death due to negligence. It appears to be a case of speeding but the accident cell will probe the case. The body will be handed over to the family after autopsy,\" the officer said.Police said Ramneet, who is survived by his parents and an elder brother, had left his course unfinished in Australia after a series of hate crimes against Indians. He was studying at a city college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12658079", "title": "Harnaut education officer murder case accused arrested", "text": "PATNA: A Government Railway Police (GRP) team led by SP (Railway) Suresh Choudhary arrested Rajkishore Singh from the Patna Junction premises in connection with the cold-blooded murder of Harnaut block education officer (BEO) Virendra Pardeshi. Rajkishore was the prime accused in the case.Pardeshi was shot at by armed criminals when he was waiting for a train to Patna on platform number 2 at Bakhtiyarpur railway station on Monday night. He was rushed to Bakhtiyarpur rail hospital, from where he was referred to a private nursing home in Patna. He later succumbed to his injuries.SP (Railway) Suresh Choudhary said the GRP was keeping an eye over Rajkishore's movement after Pardeshi murder. On getting information about Singh's movement near Patna Junction portico, the SP reached there and arrested him. \"Before his death, Pardeshi had named Raj Kishore Singh as the prime accused in the murderous attack,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657120", "title": "Delhi Metro clarification", "text": "NEW DELHI: Though it has been naming a proprietary item in all its detailed project reports (DPRs) since 2000, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) clarified that after 2007 the reference to the rail fastening system had been changed to \"Vossloh 336 or equivalent\".Responding to a TOI report on the controversy in the government over the anomaly of a brand name figuring in DPRs, DMRC spokesperson said that there was a further change in the language after 2010. \"After the Ministry of Railways (MoR) came out with the performance criteria in 2010, the Delhi Metro has mentioned Vossloh 336 or equivalent system that meets the performance criteria of the MoR.\"DMRC said it has been using the fastening system, Vossloh 336, since it started constructing the network in 2000. \"At the time, it was the only fastening system that met the technical criteria and was approved by the MoR. Thereafter, DMRC preferred to continue with the system on grounds of safety and inventory. However, in the DPRs drafted for other metro systems, DMRC has always categorically stated that any equivalent system can be adopted as well,\" added the DMRC spokesperson.He said the February meetings with the government, mentioned in the TOI report, were to clarify their stand vis-a-vis the performance criteria specifications brought out by the railways ministry in 2010. \"It was not to suggest that DMRC promotes or monopolizes the Vossloh fastening system. The meeting was to spell out Delhi Metro's stand, which was also seconded by BMRCL, that both parameters - of proven performance and test results - should be given weightage,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12656532", "title": "The naked man with a magic lantern", "text": "SRINAGAR: Talk about innovation at gun-point. A Kashmiri farmer, with no formal education but a quirky habit of sleeping naked, found an novel way to escape the embarrassment of getting caught with his pants down.Gulam Mohammad Mir of Anantnag, J&K;, developed a 'singing lantern' that warned him every time soldiers approached his house during the peak of militancy in the state. Powered by a dry battery and fitted with a remote sensor, this lantern alerted him about human movement near his house in Sagaam village in Anantnag's Kokernag area, giving him enough time to dress up.The 48-year-old, who recently participated at an innovators' meet at the University of Kashmir, claims the 'singing lantern' has even saved his life many times.It all began with the fear of death or even just getting beaten up. Over the past 20 years, many Kashmiri men have been killed during nights when they ventured out without lanterns and walked into army ambushes. Many were beaten, simply for not carrying the lantern.Mir knew the new ground rules well. Yet, he got thrashed several times when the lantern's oil dried up or when wind blew out the flame. That was when the idea of a battery-powered lantern struck him.\"Torches were banned. Soldiers could have mistaken a person with a torch as a militant,\" Mir said.His next step-a radio in the lantern-came out of boredom during the nights spent guarding his field. This time, Bollywood songs came to his rescue.One night, Mir was sleeping, naked as usual, when soldiers barged into his house. The embarrassing situation led to the soldiers beating him up, yet again, Mir said. This led to another modification in the lantern-inclusion of a motion sensor with a 15-feet range, enough time to alert him.\"When soldiers would stop me, they would be surprised by seeing a different lantern, and then I would show them the radio in it. They would enjoy a song and let me go,\" Mir said.Today, Mir manufactures the lantern for others in a workshop at his home. He sells them at Rs 1,600 to Rs 2,800 (with full range of features).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657055", "title": "9 inter-state criminals arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Vizag city police arrested nine members of an inter-state criminal gang that was active in Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Maharashtra. Vizag police commissioner J Purnachandra Rao said on Friday that the gang had committed several offences in the last few years.Police recovered gold jewellery worth Rs 50 lakh, two two-wheelers and a Scorpio SUV from them. They had committed 112 offences in Andhra Pradesh alone, including 31 in Hyderabad and 14 in Visakhapatnam, Rao added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12657831", "title": "DySP Sawant suspended for misbehaving with policewoman", "text": "PANAJI: Vigilance department on Friday issued an order suspending DySP Sambha Sawant for misbehaving with a lady police constable (LPC) while working in crime branch.A 15-page inquiry report, submitted on March 7, recommended that action be taken against Sawant stating that if a senior officer is allowed to get away with behaviour as complained, then \"female staff will be discouraged from lodging complaints of sexual harassment at workplace against their perpetrators\". The report stated that Sawant's acts can be termed as acts to intimidate the LPC and amount to unwelcome conduct of sexual nature.The LPC (who was then attached to crime branch and is now posted at police headquarters) had alleged that while she was on leave the officer called her and asked her whether she was busy and asked her to go for a drive. He also allegedly hit her on the head with a file at crime branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12658066", "title": "People Liberation Front of India leader arrested", "text": "RANCHI: District police on Friday arrested Jetha Lorenz Toppo, the self-styled zonal commander of People Liberation Front of India (PLFI) which is a splinter group of CPI (Maoists).Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said the rebel leader was wanted in over a dozen cases of arson, loot and murder.\"We have also recovered a carbine from his possession,\" said the SSP. Terming the arrest as a major success, Singh said Toppo's arrest will help police to control PLFI activities in the area.In another incident, a city-based hotelier Pramod Choudhry was shot at by unidentified gunmen late on Thursday. SP Ranjeet Prasad said phone call details from the victim had not revealed anything suspicious. \"The victim had made the last call to one of his family members,\" he said.Choudhry was shot at in Laxminagar locality when he came out of his house on a two wheeler. Relatives said he was currently undergoing treatment at Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences ( RIMS) after injury to his left rib in the incident. They, however, denied that Choudhry had feud with anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "12658657", "title": "138 illicit arrack traders in police net", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: In a crackdown against illicit arrack trade in Nagappattinam district, the police have so far arrested 138 persons. According to the police, they received information and complaints about illicit arrack trade recently. Superintendent of police G Ramar formed special teams to nab the culprits.As a result of continuous searches and raids, they arrested 138 persons in 135 cases, for selling and possessing illicit arrack, spirit and Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL). As of now, the police have seized 12,945 litres of arrack, 200 litres of spirit and 60 bottles of imported liquor bottles being transported from Pondicherry. In addition, they confiscated one car, two auto rickshaws and six two-wheelers used for transportation of the liquor.Almost all police stations in Nagapattinam district have registered cases in this regard. Since it is a coastal district, the chances of such activities are high, said police. Such items were being produced from some parts of Bangalore too and distributed through TASMAC bars, said police. They also said people were being attracted by the cheaper price of such items, unmindful of the health hazards because of poor quality.The police have urged the public to inform them about such illegal activities by calling 94454-94326 and 0436-242888. They promise that informers' identities will be kept secret.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12658097", "title": "Hazare writes to CM, warns of people's agitation", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare has written a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, urging him to initiate steps to table a strong Lokayukta bill in the state legislature. He is planning a state-wide tour soon to educate the common people about the Lokayukta law and to urge them to be ready for an agitation if the government failed to bring a strong Lokayukta, the letter says.The draft of the Lokayukta bill should not be prepared by the government only. There should be participation of the civil society also, Hazare says in the letter dated April 12.Hazare also re-sent the draft of the Lokayukta bill which was prepared by civil society members and sent to the government about a year ago. \"About a year ago, the government held discussion with me and activist Medha Patkar in Nagpur. It had promised to act on various issues relating to corruption. A year has passed but the government has failed to keep the promises that were given during a meeting which was chaired by the chief minister. Government officials and ministers concerned were also present in the meeting,\" Hazare says in the letter, a copy of which was released to the press.\"Now, people's agitation is the only way ahead for us. If the government initiates steps, there will not be a need for an agitation,\" the letter adds.Hazare further says, \"The Union government has clarified its stand on the Lokayukta Act saying that it is the responsibility of the respective states to pass the bill. We have sent a civil society draft of the bill to the government. We feel that enactment of the Lokayukta Act would curb about 60 to 65% corruption in the state. There is a need for a strong Lokayukta and the government should initiate steps to constitute it.\"As many as seven laws have been enacted in the state through participation of civil society, the letter says. \"We feel that the draft of the Lokayukta bill should be finalized through joint efforts by the civil society and the government,\" he adds in the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12663366", "title": "Burg launches wrist watch-like mobile phones in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Netherland-based Burg that makes wrist watch mobile phones today announced expansion of its business in India by opening two branded stores in Delhi.\"We have plans to first establish our business in North India and after 9 months expand our presence in South India. The two stores we added today are part of business roadmap. We will open fifth store in Gurgaon,\" Burg Global Sales Director Koen Pieters told reporters here.The company already has two store in India -- in Guwahati and Kolkata.Burg manufactures wrist watches which integrate features of a mobile. These devices are priced between Rs 9,000 to Rs 23,000.While the lowest priced model can be used only for making and receiving calls, the high end models have most features of a multimedia mobile phone.The mid-range of the phone starts from Rs 12,000. \"All the phones have bluetooth connectivity and users can talk using using bluetooth headset. These phones have AGPS technology with which we can track phone location on internet,\" Pieters said.He said to track location of a watch phone, Burg's server sends out message to the phone which cannot be seen.\"The watch phone responds to the message and based on the time in which the server gets response, the location of user is ascertained,\" he added.Burg plans to add health and fitness monitoring technology in the watch by January 2013.The company is also looking to integrate Near Field Communication technology that can be used for transmitting data wirelessly like done in case of paying toll charges and metro rail fares using smartcard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12660687", "title": "Pak national sentenced to 12 years for supporting Lashkar in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: A 24-year-old Pakistani national has been sentenced to 12 years in prison by a US court for providing material support to Lashkar-e-Taiba by making a propaganda video for the terror group, helping it with recruitment and fundraising.Jubair Ahmad, who pleaded guilty in December, was on Friday sentenced to 12 years of imprisonment followed by seven years of supervised release by the US District Court in Virginia.\"Jubair Ahmad was deeply committed to LeT's violent aims, which he promoted through online propaganda, recruiting others and fundraising for the terrorist organisation responsible for the deadly 2008 attack in Mumbai, India, which killed 160 people, including two Virginians,\" US Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia Neil H MacBride said after the verdict.At sentencing, the government also presented evidence that Ahmad, while in the US, also conspired to recruit others to attend LeT training camps, conspired to raise funds for it and expressed his intention to return to Pakistan to complete the LeT commando training course and be launched on a martyrdom mission.Ahmad admitted that in September 2010, while at his residence in Woodbridge, he communicated with Talha Saeed, the son of LeT founder Hafiz Saeed.The US State Department had recently announced a bounty of USD 10 million for any information that leads to Hafiz Saeed's arrest and conviction in any court of law.Talha requested Ahmad to prepare a video that would contain a prayer by Hafiz Saeed calling for the support of jihad and the mujahideen (militants).In addition, Talha instructed Ahmad to present a variety of violent images on the video while Hafiz Saeed's prayer is heard in the background.According to court documents, Talha directed Ahmad to begin the LeT video with a number of pictures of Hafiz Saeed, then show scenes where atrocities have been inflicted on Muslims, followed by the activities of the mujahideen conducting attacks in Kashmir.At one point, Ahmad asked Talha if he wanted to include an image of the 26/11 Mumbai attack to show the power of LeT. The attack by 10 LeT terrorists in November 2008 left 166 people dead, including six Americans.Talha replied that he should not use anything referring to Mumbai. In September, 2010, Ahmad completed the video and uploaded it on YouTube .Forensic examination by the FBI subsequently confirmed that Ahmad had constructed the LeT video on his computer.Ahmad also sent a communication to another person overseas in which he explained that \"Hafiz Saeed's son Talha Saeed\" had requested him to prepare the video.According to court records, Ahmad was born and raised in Pakistan, where he attended LeT training camps as a teen. In 2007, after receiving a visa from the US Department of State, Ahmad moved from Pakistan to the US with his family.\"The activities of Jubair Ahmad and his LeT associates provide insights into how terrorist organizations produce their propaganda,\" said Assistant Attorney General Lisa Monaco.\"Ahmad directly supported the mission of a designated terrorist organization through his creation of online propaganda, fundraising and recruitment efforts. He is now being held accountable for those actions,\" said FBI assistant director in Charge James McJunkin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12658942", "title": "Bosusco Paolo\u2019s cook may fly to Italy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former Italian hostage Bosusco Paolo, who left Odisha on Thursday, is eager to retain the services of his cook Santosh Maharana. Paolo has reportedly requested the Italian ambassador, Giacomo Sanfelice di Monteforte, to help Santosh get a visa so that he can fly to Italy to work in his house.\"Paolo sir promised to employ me in his house in Italy,\" said Santosh. Sources said Paolo (54) reached Delhi on Thursday night and took the flight to Italy on Friday noon. \"Paolo wants to help Santosh as he likes him a lot. He wants Santosh to look after his ailing father and elder sister. So he may take Santosh to Italy,\" said Paolo's friend Alfred Rombola, who had a long chat with the Italian before his departure from Bhubaneswar. Rombola stays in Puri.Santosh was also kidnapped along with Paolo, another Italian Claudio Colangelo and Paolo's assistant Kartik Parida by Maoists on March 14. Santosh and Kartik were released on March 17 while Colangelo walked to freedom on March 25.Santosh had accompanied Paolo on trekking expeditions to dense forests umpteen number of times. Paolo had earlier sent a letter from Maoist custody in which he expressed his concern for his \"poor\" cook. In the letter that was addressed to his family Paolo wrote \"If anything happens to me, give 6000 Euros to Santosh.\"\"I do not want money. I just want to work under him. I will be very happy if he takes me to Italy,\" Santosh said. \"Paolo sir has never let me down whenever I demanded money. I was getting paid Rs 3000 a month. He has helped me a lot,\"Paolo has asked Rombola to look after his belongings in Puri. \"I have sought the permission of Puri police to take Paolo's belongings into my custody,\" Rombola said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12657877", "title": "\u2018KBM\u2019s English HS to safeguard its primary pupils\u2019", "text": "MARGAO: The move by the Konkani Bhasha Mandal (KBM) to start an English-medium high school has found support from protagonists of the Konkani movement. Stating that the move was prompted by the desire to enable students of Konkani-medium primary schools to have easy access to quality high school education, leaders of the Konkani movement aver that though the medium of instruction of the school would be English, it would have a \"distinct Konkani touch and flavor.\"It may be noted that the KBM, which has been running a Konkani-medium primary school in Margao for over three decades, had recently disclosed its plans to start a high school in English medium from the coming academic year. Dismissing all criticism from certain quarters as \"baseless\" and \"unfounded\", the president of the KBM, Prashant Naik, said that the English-medium high school of the KBM would safeguard and enrich the future of the students educated in KBM's Konkani-medium primary school.\"As most of the English medium schools in Margao have started their own primary schools, KBM primary school students had to struggle to get admission in those schools as they were bound to give admission to their own students passing out from the primary section. As a result, the enrollment in our primary school has sharply dwindled over the last few years. From 150 to 170 students 4-5 years ago, this year we have not more than 100 students in our primary school. In the fourth standard, the number has gone down to just 15 from over 40 students five years back. We had to take some bold decisions, lest we were compelled to shut down the school,\" Naik said.This issue has nothing to do with the controversy regarding the medium of instruction in primary schools, Naik said. \"There is no link to the medium of instruction issue nor can it be construed that our students are finding it difficult to get admissions in high schools because our teaching is bad.No way. Our students have excelled in high school and higher secondary levels not only in academics but extra-curricular activities as well. It is only because we have to retain our primary school that we are starting a high school,\" Naik said.Konkani protagonists view the KBM's move as a step towards enriching and emboldening the Konkani movement. Founder member of KBM and Konkani writer, Hema Naik, who is among the leading lights of the Konkani movement, is of the view that the KBM-school would re-define standards of education in the state. \"It's a step in the right direction. In fact, the project was in the pipeline for the last few years. Some may very well question why KBM didn't open a Konkani medium high school. But the idea was not practical as hardly any parent would have sent their children to Konkani-medium high school. In this KBM high school, though the medium of instruction would be English, it would have a distinct and vibrant Konkani culture. It would be an ideal English-medium high school,\" Naik told TOI.Echoing Naik's views, noted Konkani writer Damodar Mauzo, said that the setting up of an English-medium high school by the KBM was a \"logical culmination of its previous venture.\"\"It is a step towards consolidation of primary education in Konkani. As students passing out from its Konkani-medium primary school would now find secured admission in higher standards, more and more parents would be encouraged to send their children to its Konkani-medium primary school,\" Mauzo said.Taking the idea further, Naik advocated the need to set up more number of Konkani-medium primary schools in the villages across Goa.\"Attempts are already underway to open new Konkani-medium primary schools. This will definitely strengthen the Konkani movement,\" Naik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12658797", "title": "Clean wells to overcome water crisis, says Bellad", "text": "DHARWAD: Hubli-Dharwad (West) MLA Chandrakanth Bellad has urged Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation and the Water Board to launch a drive to clean all the open wells belonging to government and private parties in the twin cities in a bid to overcome the shortage of drinking water.In a letter to HDMC Commissioner and Executive Engineer (Water Board) Bellad said the open wells in the twin cities had been rendered useless as they are dumped with garbage.By cleaning them on a war footing more water can be stored, he said. Bellad reminded the officials that they had promised at a meeting to discuss online payment of property tax that they would take up cleaning work on a war footing and sought to know how many wells had been cleaned so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657144", "title": "Man claims abduction, cops not convinced", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 32-year old executive in a private firm claimed to have been abducted by unidentified persons from S G Highway and demanded Rs 10 lakh ransom for his release. However, he escaped from a flat near Ghuma late on Thursday night and lodged a police complaint on Friday with Vastrapur police. Police however have taken the complaint with a pinch of salt and have started verifying various facts reported by the victim.According to Vastrapur police officials, Himmat Shah, a resident of Luv-Kush Tower, Ghatlodia and working with a retail brand as an executive, was present near Shambhu Coffee Bar on SG Highway at 3.30 pm on Thursday. At that time, three to four men approached him and before he could question them, he was gagged and was frisked in a black Mahindra Scorpio SUV with Rajasthan passing. One of the men covered his eyes with a piece of cloth.\"As per Shah's statement, he was kept at a flat where the group members beat him and demanded Rs 10 lakh. When they were in another room, Shah saw an opportunity and tried to flee. However, he was spotted by one of the members. Then Shah rushed to the balcony and started shouting for help,\" said a Vastrapur police official. When the group members got afraid and approached him, Shah jumped off the balcony. He was then rushed to a private hospital in Ghatlodia. Shah told investigators that he later got to know that he was kept in Manipur near Ghuma.Police have started searching for the residence in question and the SUV used. Investigators said that they can't understand why Shah was randomly chosen by the group and they straightaway demanded Rs 10 lakh.M R Sharma, inspector of Vastrapur police station, said that all the factors including personal rivalry and organized gang are under investigation at the moment. \"We can't comment whether the case is genuine or not at this juncture,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12656808", "title": "Man wanted for thefts nabbed", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have arrested Rajesh Ramshankar Sharma alias Bhaitya in several cases of house break-ins in different parts of the city. The police have also recovered 620g gold from the accused. DCP Sahebrao Patil said a team was formed by senior police inspector Bajirao Bhosale of the Bhadrakali police station to trace Sharma.The investigating team got information that Sharma had been nabbed by the police in Jodhpur. Sharma was brought to Nashik, where he confessed to have committed 15 crimes in different parts of the city. As many as five cases of house break-ins have been registered against the accused at the Bhadrakali police station, four at the Ambad police station, four at the Gangapur police Station, one at Adgaon police station and one case of motor vehicle theft at the Sarkarwada police station.Cops recovered 620g gold, 700g silver, a bike, two gas cylinders and other aluminium articles. Further investigations are underway by the city police, Patil said.Patil added that from January to April 10, 44 robbery and chain-snatching cases were cracked and 49 arrested. Goods worth Rs 10.4 lakh was recovered. Fifty-six house break-ins were also solved, 102 criminals arrested and goods worth Rs 20.5 L recovered in the last three months. Eighty-two theft cases were cracked, 85 criminals arrested and goods worth Rs 68.56 L recovered, and 52 vehicle theft cases cracked, and 46 nabbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12658129", "title": "Heavy Engineering Corporation registers marginal profit", "text": "RANCHI: Heavy Engineering Corporation (HEC) continued on the profit course for the sixth consecutive year after the department of heavy industries revised the production and profit targets for the fiscal year. Against a previously specified net production target of Rs 1000 crore and profit target of Rs 52.10 crore, HEC managed to production of Rs 717.46 crore at a profit of Rs 5.90 crore. But DHI revised the targets for the financial year 2012-13 which helped HEC achieve marginal profit.The corporation has been set a production target of Rs 1001 crore and profit target of Rs.41.88 crore for the current fiscal, around 20% less than the target set for financial year 2011-12. HEC has been registering profits over the past six years. After suffering losses for nearly a decade, the corporation registered a profit of Rs 2.18 crore in 2006-07 and it rose to Rs 44.27 crore in 2009-10. But in 2010-11, the profit dropped to Rs 38.14 crore and hit rock bottom last fiscal at Rs.5.90 crore.Talking to the media on Friday, newly-appointed CMD R Misra said the situation had been dismal in the first three quarters of 2011-12 (April-December 2011) with the corporation's production touching Rs 442.62 crore and gross sales Rs 373.95 crore that led to a loss of Rs 44.46 crore in net profit.\"Due to concerted efforts and diligence, HEC managed to overcome the shortfall in the last quarter (January-March 2012) of 2011-12 achieving production of Rs 274.84 crore, gross sales of Rs 349.57 crore and profit of Rs 50.36 crore, bringing the annual profit to Rs 5.90 crore,\" Misra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12656888", "title": "Change to meet threat from new art forms: Manmohan Singh", "text": "PANCHKULA: On the 25th anniversary of the North Zone Cultural Centre (NZCC), which was raised to promote national integration through art and culture in the background of militancy in Punjab, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Friday that it was time to change in order to become relevant.He was here along with UPA chairperson and AICC president Sonia Gandhi to inaugurate the silver jubilee celebrations of the centre which was set up in Patiala in 1985.\"In view of the new means of entertainment and technical advancements which have surfaced in the last 25 years, these centres would also have to change their work culture and content,\" the PM said in his inaugural address. The silver jubilee celebrations saw 2,000 folk and tribal artists, artisans and craft-persons showcasing their talents and products.In plainspeak by the PM, he quoted the recommendations of Mani Shankar Aiyar Committee, which was set up to review the functioning of cultural centres. \"The committee has found out that the cultural centres are concentrating mainly in urban areas. At least, 70% of their art promotion funds should be spent in villages, mofussil towns and slums. They should also concentrate on the art and craft forms nearing extinction. TV and internet should be used as new stages to preserve and promote art and culture,\" he said.Going down memory lane, Sonia Gandhi said, \"It seems as if it was only yesterday that Rajivji inaugurated the Patiala center in 1985. His visionary beginning to preserve national integration and our cultural heritage has now turned into a movement.'' She spoke passionately about preserving culture and supporting artists, both financially and socially, so that the country's cultural heritage is preserved for the coming generations.Addressing a gathering, consisting of mainly politicians, Union minister for culture and local Haryana MP, Kumari Selja, whose ministry handles the seven zonal cultural centers, presented some demands before the two most important political personalities of the country.\"Since this is my constituency, I hope that the government, which is planning to set up an innovation university in the state, should make Panchkula its location. The Yamunanagar-Jagadhari railway line which comes via Sidhaura should be extended to Chandigarh,\" Selja demanded, hours after the PM had inaugurated the Indian institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar in Haryana.Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda, whose political differences with Kumari Selja are one of the worst kept secrets in Haryana, hoped that the ministry of culture would organize a structured seminar on challenges to art and culture progress and promotion in view of glamour of IT and fast-paced life.The two dignitaries arrived late by nearly half-and-a-hour and left in the middle of a cultural programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661846", "title": "Anoop and Mamta pair up for 916", "text": "After delivering two memorable flicks Kathaparayumbol and Manikyakallu, director M Mohanan has announced his next film titled 916.The \"family entertainer\" will have Anoop Menon, Asif Ali, Mukesh and Mamta Mohandas in the lead roles and like Mohanan's previous venture, is also scripted by him. The filming is scheduled to begin by June in Calicut.The movie also marks the first-time pairing of Anoop and Mamta in the lead. While Anoop has been on a signing spree since Beautiful's overwhelming response, Mamta has been extremely selective about her projects post-wedding having signed only three flicks.Mamta's will be filming for Jawan of Vellimala opposite Mammootty and My Boss opposite Dileep. Her next release will be Shyamaprasad's Arike which also stars Dileep and Samvrutha Sunil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12657788", "title": "Raj softens, calls off stir against Nitish invite on Bihar Divas", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (NMS) chief Raj Thackeray on Friday withdrew his opposition to the Bihar Divas function in Mumbai a day after he threatened to disrupt it and challenged Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar's to visit to the city. He did so after Nitish, who would preside over the event in Mumbai on Sunday, spoke to him over the phone and assured him that the function was not aimed at political muscle-flexing.\"I had a talk with Nitish Kumar over the phone. He told me that the function was a socio-cultural function to mark Bihar's centenary. I saw his point and decided to withdraw the stir,'' Thackeray told TOI on Friday evening. He said the function will begin with the famous Maharashtra Geet.Raj had warned of an agitation if the Bihar Diwas was meant to assert \"ethnic-cultural supremacy of the Biharis over Mumbaikar Marathis\" while speaking at a poll meeting in Malegaon on Thursday.Bihar Diwas organizer Devesh Thakur mediated between Nitish and Thackeray. Maharashtra home minister R R Patil, too, helped defuse the crisis by calling Raj and urging him to withdraw his opposition.Earlier, Thakur held talks with Raj at his residence. Thakur told Raj that a phone call to Nitish would help clear the air. \"There was some misunderstanding because of reports in a section of the media. I thought it would be better if the two leaders talked personally over the phone and clear the misunderstanding,\" Thakur said.Thakur, who speaks fluent Marathi, has excellent equations in the MNS. MNS MLA Bala Nandgaonkar is said to have arranged Raj-Thakur meeting. Raj consulted his party colleagues before meeting Thakur.Speaking to reporters in New Delhi on Friday, the Bihar chief minister had said he was going to Mumbai on Sunday to \"salute the glorious tradition of Maharashtra\".\"This helped ease the tension,\" said Nandgaonkar.Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut slammed the MNS for making \"empty noises'' over the Bihar Diwas issue. \"This is a case of match-fixing,\" remarked Raut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "12658836", "title": "Manipal Institute of Jewellery Management conducts course on colour-stone grading", "text": "MANIPAL: A coloured-stone grading course was organized in Manipal Institute of Jewellery Management by the Gemological Institute of America (GIA), world's foremost authority on diamonds and colour stones from April 9 to 11. Arjun Pansari, instructor from GIA was the resource person for the workshop.\"Training in this course, accepted internationally, will provide competitive edge to our students in jewellery industry,\" said MIJM director, Col (retd) M M Shanbhag.\"This course will provide opportunities for further specialization in gemology,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656617", "title": "Owners to get back land acquired for housing project", "text": "CHENNAI: In a Tamil New Year gift to hundreds of land owners at Kalapatti in Coimbatore, the Supreme Court has upheld a Madras high court order directing the Tamil Nadu government and the Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB) to return their acquired lands.A division bench comprising Justice G S Singhvi and Justice S J Mukhopadhaya on Friday dismissed a special leave petition challenging the HC order after hearing the counsel for the housing board and advocate P Chandrasekaran, who represented the landowners.The matter revolves around 1,973.74 acres in Kalapatti, acquired by the state government through a notification dated March 13, 1998 for a neighbourhood housing scheme. The original extent of land to be acquired, however, kept dwindling due to the discriminatory policy of the government, which either re-conveyed several acres of land or allowed the acquisition proceedings to lapse in respect of certain land owners alone.First, the government decided to drop the acquisition proceedings for 1186 acres. Then through a series of orders, more land was spared from acquisition. In the end, only 671.1 acres were acquired by the government.In fact, the unrealistically large extent of land acquired for the scheme and the arbitrary exclusion of some portions were the grounds on which Justice Chandru of the Madras high court asked the government to return the lands to their original owners in his order on August 30, 2010. The state government then filed an appeal. On August 16, 2011, the first bench of the HC comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam upheld the single judge order.Referring to the government's decision to return lands to some owners on the basis of an expert committee's recommendations, the bench had said: \"The government rejected the request of some land owners. Such action prima facie appears to be arbitrary, capricious, discriminatory and violative of Article 14 of the Constitution of India. It is well-settled that no unlimited jurisdiction is vested with any judicial or quasi-judicial forum. An unlimited jurisdiction leads to unreasonableness.\"In his order, Justice Chandu had noted that a college with a student strength of about 3,000 was functioning on the acquired property for more than 10 years. \"It will be unrealistic to destroy such edifice, especially when the right to education is guaranteed as a fundamental right. Many of the petitioners with their hard-earned money have purchased plots and put up constructions to have a shelter of their own. The housing board in the name of providing houses cannot destroy the existing shelters put up by individual endeavors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12657072", "title": "Infosys co-founder Kris to inaugurate Startup Village", "text": "KOCHI: Infosys co-founder Kris Gopalakrishnan will inaugurate 'Startup Village', a project to incubate around 1,000 tech start-ups, at Kinfra Hi-Tech Park in Kalamassery on Sunday. Startup Village is the first technology incubator in the telecom sector in India.The project envisages planting and nurturing 1,000 plants in the campus. Kris will inaugurate the project by planting a banyan tree.The project, taken up as public-private-partnership venture, is being set up jointly by the National Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board under department of Science and Technology of Government of India and Kerala Government-run Technopark in collaboration with Mobme Wireless, a private firm.The project is considered as a great attempt to scale up innovations in the country through incubators. It also aims at transforming students into job creators rather than job hunters. The Startup Village will be equipped with 4G network, telecom labs and legal and intellectual property services. Three year tax holiday is another perk offered to the entrepreneurs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12657097", "title": "Mayor inspects cleaning work at Thevara\u2013Perandoor canal", "text": "KOCHI: Corporation and district administration authorities on Friday inspected the Thevara-Perandoor canal, which is being cleaned by the Kerala State Inland Navigation Corporation (KSINC), to assess the progress of the work. It was the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) which had handed over the work to KSINC.After the inspection, deputy mayor B Bhadra said the delegation had visited the area to evaluate the status of the canal and to understand the nature of the work being carried out.During the council meeting on Thursday, the Opposition had claimed that KMRL had not obtained Cochin Port Trust's (CPT) permission to dredge the mouth of the canal at Thevara. It was pointed out that for effective cleaning of the canal, it was important to dredge the mouth of the canal which opens out to the Kochi backwaters. \"As of now we don't think sanction is required. But if such a situation arises, we will ensure that the agencies get CPT's approval. The corporation will also get involved in the process (of getting approvals),\" Bhadra said.Mayor Tony Chammany had assured the council that a meeting of all stakeholders associated with the canal and cleaning procedures would be convened on April 14. KMRL authorities were also present during the inspection. KSNIC has started removing weeds and algae from the canal. The process is expected to cost Rs 2.62 crore. The work which began on April 11 is expected to be completed in 45 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12662345", "title": "Mayawati threatens 'law and order' crisis if SP govt touches parks, Dalit memorials", "text": "LUCKNOW: In her first public appearance after losing assembly elections in March this year, Bahujan (BSP) supremo and former chief Uttar Pradesh (UP) chief minister Mayawati was in a combative mood on Saturday when she warned the newly elected Samajwadi Party (SP) government of serious consequences if it tried to alter, damage or construct any new structure in Dalit memorials and parks built during her regime.Addressing the nearly 2000 crowd comprising BSP workers and leaders, after paying tribute to Dalit icon Babsaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar at Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Sthal in Lucknow on his 121 birth anniversary, Mayawati threatened any attempt at destroying Dalit memorials or constructing anything else on the land attached to them would lead to law and order crisis not only in UP but all over the country. She said that the SP government should take a leaf from the previous BSP government's book, which did not touch any memorial or park built by any earlier government, including that of the Samajwadi Party in the name of ideologue and personalities of other castes and communities.\"Any act against the memorials can also put the SP government in jeopardy as Dalit memorials are an emotional and prestige issue for Dalits,\" she said.Mayawati's statement on 'law and order problem', which many saw as an open threat of violent agitation, came soon after chief minister Akhilesh Yadav after meeting the Prime Minister in Delhi told mediapersons that people of the state have voted out those who used public money to build their own statutes and erect stone structures named after Dalits, which, however, did not benefit Dalits at all.He reiterated that his government will not touch any statue at Dalit memorials. However, he said, the government can build hospitals for children and women on the huge chunk of land associated with the memorials but lying vacant. He said that in his view nobody would have any objection, if the vacant land is put to use of the public. He said that the people have given a clear mandate to the SP and his government will do what people want.The move is being seen as Mayawati's attempt to keep her Dalit vote bank intact by creating a fear psychosis that SP government may harm Dalit memorials. She is also trying to provoke Dalits not to sit idle. Though Mayawati has been threatening a disturbance in law and order if Dalit memorials are touched for quite a while, her statement assumes importance now because cracks have appeared in her Dalit vote base in recent assembly elections as a section has voted for other parties.In her address, she also tried to impress her vote bank by counting welfare schemes and public utility services such as construction of universities and hospitals in the name of Dalit icons implemented during her regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10473217", "title": "Why good Indian girls are not bad", "text": "How is the bad guy supposed to woo the good girl? What should he tell her and how? Writer Annie Zaidi passes on some secretsWe may be fast transforming into a forward-thinking society, but the 'good Indian girl', it seems, still has to deal with all sorts of presumptions and prejudices. Addressing this slight, authors Annie Zaidi and Smriti Ravindra in their book, The bad boy's guide to the good Indian girl, present a collection of funny, irreverent stories of the lives and loves of smart, feisty girls from the subcontinent. Here, Zaidi writes for Mumbai Mirror and hands out the guys a few hints to get the good girl: First things first. This isn't really about bad boys (We don't know any. God-promise); this is about good Indian girls. And you should read this if you are the unsuspecting guy who walked up to a sweet girl, but when you asked for her name, she treated you as if you were a pervert. Or are you one of those who gave a girl a fancy present but she was too nervous to accept it? Are you married to a girl who loves you madly but who resents your harmless, homely sister-inlaw? Why? One of the reasons we decided to do such a book was that so many men complain that they simply cannot understand women , particularly Indian women. We kind of sympathise because we know there's cause for confusion and resentment.For instance, when we were undergraduates (and living at a very strict girls' college), we had instructions not to talk to boys when we went outside. Some girls obeyed. Some didn't. Those who talked to boys would give out fake names, fake addresses. It must have been frustrating for boys when they discovered the lie, but on the other hand, what's a good girl to do?If the boys had real names, real phone numbers, they would try to call. The hostel warden would find out. Parents would be summoned. The authorities would tell them that their daughters were up to no good. The girls would be shamed in front of their families and families would be shamed in front of the college authorities. Did we really have a choice?When Smriti and I began to talk of what kind of stories we wanted to tell, we asked ourselves this question: How does one get labeled 'bad' or 'not very good' or at least 'not a good Indian girl'?We also asked others and most of us agreed that clothes have a lot to do with the stereotype. So does body shape. A stereotypical good Indian girl is expected to not just dress 'within limit' but also to somehow make her body look, well, restrained, cautious. 'Limits', of course, are very hard to define. It is not enough to wear a sari, for instance. If you look supersexy in a sari, then even that might earn you a bit of social censure.So, when a girl spends hours trying to make up her mind about what to wear, remember that she isn't just worried about looking good. She is also worried about appearing to be good.Remember that she is expected to place others' interests above her own (but that doesn't mean fighting for human rights in war zones; it means eating matarpaneer even though she hates it). Above all, she is expected to look happy and content.Remember, that for most good Indian girls, to be interested in boys is considered healthy. But if you act on that interest, you enter a grey area. How much interest can you show without suffering for it? Can you go out drinking late at night? Can you buy him a drink, without being laughed at for being 'desperate'? Can you sleep with him and still expect him to treat you with respect?So if you want to bowl over a good Indian girl, the best thing to do is to treat all girls with respect. Not just your girl. You must show respect for all girls. NEVER say things like 'x girl had it coming' or 'y is a nympho' or 'girls who smoke are more likely to put out'. If she herself says such things, YOU must gently shush her, and remind her that all girls should be treated with respect.And NEVER ever hint that there's a separate set of rules for girls and boys. That you are allowed certain privileges, like hairy legs or bare chests, while she isn't. She knows the rules. She will hate you for reminding her.Do NOT ask about her sexual history. If it doesn't matter, then why ask? Let her volunteer information if she wants to. You must not ask, even if she has asked you. Remember, we play by different rules and that a girl's secrecy is often the only defense she has.Many young men wonder why we care so much about being seen as a 'good girl'. We care because if we are seen as not-good girls, we are not treated with respect. Our families are not treated with respect. And because, when things go seriously bad, even our pain and outrage is turned into a weapon against us. We see this happening again and again through news reports about girls who are assaulted, or harassed. The first question everyone asks is \u00e2\u20ac\u201d What time was it? Why was she out alone? Did she know the boy(s)? What was she wearing? Did she live alone? Why?There are plenty of other reasons why we care about a 'good Indian girl' image, but remember this \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a great web of morality confronts us. Most girls end up breaking some rules. And what's more, most girls want to break the rules. The challenge lies in snatching a bit of joy and freedom for ourselves and not getting caught.(The bad boy's guide to the good Indian girl by Annie Zaidi and Smriti Ravindra is published by Zubaan Books.)mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "cortalim", "code": "12657857", "title": "Alina takes Matanhy\u2019s manifesto forward", "text": "CORTALIM: Pre-monsoon works at the cost of rs 65 lakh will be taken up in Cortalim constituency by the state government. PWD officials kickstarted these works in the presence of Alina Saldanha, the wife of the late minister Matanhy Saldanha, Cortalim BJP workers, Agnelo Rodrigues of Goencho Ramponkaracho Ekvott and other locals on Friday.BJP workers pointed out that these were the works that were enlisted in the manifesto of the late Saldanha and his proposals that had been submitted to the BJP-led government. Saldanha had divided his proposal into four categories - Sancoale, Cansaulim, Velsao, Cortalim/Quellosim- and had made detailed notes for the benefit of Mormugao and Salcete taluka. PWD officials at the site, assistant engineer Diego Pereira and junior engineer Vincent Costa, stated that six works were commenced on Friday.Pereira added that on priority basis, they were erecting crash barriers at the Pale-Velsao junction on the road to Dabolim airport and constructing a drainage at Maddant in Cortalim. PWD officials would also be fixing and replacing slabs at Chaudi, Cortalim and hot-mixing of the road near the old church at Sancoale. \"We are also going to be carrying out repairs of the Konkan Railway bridge at Cansaulim and the road under the Konkan railway bridge at Cortalim,\"Pereira told mediapersons.Saldanha, who said that she was only present for the launch of the works, refused to comment on queries but said that these works of Matanhy had to be taken up on priority basis.Also on Friday, in the presence of Saldanha and the BJP workers, the medicare mediclaim insurance programme was started for the villages of Cansaulim, Arrosim and Cuelim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12662293", "title": "Indian govt values freedom of expression, diversity of opinion: US historian", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after the Home Ministry extended his visa for another year, controversial US historian Peter Heehs today said he is grateful to the ministry for reviewing his case, \"showing that the government values freedom of expression and diversity of opinion\".\"I am grateful to the home ministry for reviewing my case and arriving at a decision that shows the government values freedom of expression and diversity of opinion within the framework of Indian law,\" Heehs, whose book on Sri Aurobindo created a controversy, told PTI through an e-mail.He said the Puducherry Foreigner Regional Registration Officer had provided him necessary documents and endorsements yesterday following his application for extension of his stay. His visa expires on April 15.Heehs said he plans to leave the country briefly on April 15, using the ticket he bought in compliance with the ministry's earlier order.\"I look forward to fulfilling a long-postponed speaking engagement in Europe and visiting family and friends in USA, I will return to India sometime in July,\" he said.Heehs, an inmate of Sri Aurobindo Ashram in Puducherry, had spent nearly four decades working on a project of digitisation and archival of works of freedom fighter and spiritual leader Aurobindo.But following complaints of some followers of Sri Aurobindo that the American historian has allegedly depicted a distorted picture of the freedom fighter and spiritual leader in a biography, the FRRO had decided not to extend his visa.Some historians had protested against the move of cancelling his visa and had also petitioned Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and home minister P Chidambaram for reconsideration of the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12657959", "title": "Get NOC for construction in red zone, Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation told", "text": "PUNE: The Bombay high court has directed the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to get a 'no objection' certificate from the defence authorities for the civic body's slum rehabilitation project at sector 22 in Nigdi and stop construction till the certificate is obtained.This order was given during a hearing on the alleged violation of the 'red zone' by the civic body while constructing the project.Satish Pawar, additional legal advisor of the PCMC, said: \"The civic body is to file an application to the appropriate defence authority for getting a no objection certificate.\"Additional commissioner Prakash Chavan said, \"The construction of the slum rehabilitation project has already been stopped by the civic body. The PCMC will now apply for the no objection certificate.\"The civic body is constructing 11,760 tenements under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission scheme in sector 22 of Nigdi, which is lying close to the Dehu Road ammunition depot. It has completed construction of some buildings and even given possession to the beneficiaries. Shiv Sena corporator Seema Savale had filed a petition in the court against the civic body, alleging that this project violated the 'red zone' and other rules.In 1990, the defence authorities had issued a notice under section 7, sub-clause(c) of the Works of Defence Act 1903, declaring some areas of Charholi, Moshi, Bhosari and Dighi in the Pimpri-Chinchwad township as 'red zone area', putting restrictions on land development there. There is a dispute as to whether this area is to be measured from the centre of the ammunition depot or from its boundary wall.The civic body is constructing 11,760 tenements under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission scheme in sector 22 of Nigdi, which is close to the Dehu Road ammunition depot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659057", "title": "Plaint against Dutta's enrolment for LLB", "text": "BANGALORE: A petition has been filed against additional director general of police (criminal investigation department ) Rupak Kumar Dutta in a Lokayukta special court here, accusing the officer of enrolling himself for a law degree without seeking the state government's permission.The petitioner, G Mallesh from Gauri Shankar Nagar in Mysore, stated that he had come to the court after police declined to register an FIR against Dutta on the issue.The petition stated that the documents furnished by the Karnataka State Law University , Hubli, had disclosed that Dutta , a senior IPS officer, was pursuing three-year regular LLB degree course from June 2009. He had taken admission at Arunodaya Institute of Legal Studies, Bangalore. The accused person, bound by the All India Service Conduct Rules, did not avail prior permission before joining LLB, the petition said.\"The accused person could not have worked as ADGP &amp; station house officer at the Lokayukta and at the same time attended the regular law course as student. The act of the officer attracts Section 13(1)( d) of the Prevention of Corruption Act 1988,\" the petitioner alleged . Dutta had during 2010-11 obtained conditional permission from the government for attending the regular course but that did not entitle him to leave office by any particular time every day, the petitioner said.The case has been posted for orders to April 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "unnao", "code": "12661531", "title": "Man kills father over property dispute", "text": "UNNAO: A 55-year-old man was killed by his son allegedly over property dispute here, police said today.The incident took place yesterday at Ajgain area when the son hit his father's head with a tiffin box after an altercation over division of property, they said.The elderly man was rushed to a community health centre where doctors declared him brought dead.The son escaped after the incident and efforts were on to arrest him, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657058", "title": "Many schools are making RTE flunk", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Did you know that under the Right to Education (RTE) Act, schools - private and state run or aided - are not supposed to fail students in primary sections? The act has been in force since 2009 and neither the school authorities across the state nor the education department has done much to spread the awareness among parents and teachers.It was an RTI application by advocate Kamlesh Bhavsar from Saraspur in September last year that revealed that despite the act being in force, schools located in his neighborhood have been failing students with impunity from class I class VII. Besides this, schools also failed to adhere to the RTE norm of providing 25% seats to the poor students.On Bhavsar's RTI application, the DEO forced the schools to provide their data which revealed that 128 students were failed in five private schools in Saraspur. When parents demanded an explanation for the failure of their children, the schools refused to answer. The parents had been complaining for sometime that teachers in some schools have been pressurizing them to enroll their children for home tuitions with the class teachers. The parents formed an association called Saraspur Gram Sabha (SGS) to address the issue.Bhavsar had sought details of the number of failed students from Sarswati Kumar Shala (1,2), Asian Primary School, Nalanda Vidyavihar, NK Primary School and Sri Gurunanak Vidya Vihar.\"This is a major racket in many schools where lowly paid school teachers fail students in primary standards and force parents to send their children for home tuitions. If a teacher can teach well in tuitions, why can't he remain the same good teacher in his class. Even municipal schools fail children and do not maintain such data,\" says Bhavsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12658195", "title": "State government forms panel to prevent tobacco use", "text": "PATNA: In a significant move, the state government has constituted a State Tobacco Control Co-ordination Committee (STCCC) to ensure strict compliance of the Indian Tobacco Control Law in the state as per the mandate of the National Tobacco Control Programme (NTCP). This follows a directive from the governor who had ordered the formation of a 16-member committee.The committee is headed by principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha and comprises the secretary, health, the director general, health services and nodal officers of tobacco control programme along with the principal secretaries of four departments: social welfare, Panchayati Raj, education and information and public relations department (IPRD) and also the DGP or an ADG rank official from the state police headquarters.The NTCP has been implemented in 42 districts of 21 states across the country. Two districts of Bihar, Patna and Munger, are also covered under the NTCP.Health secretary Sanjay Kumar said, \"The committee has been constituted with the State Health Society (SHS) issuing a notification to this effect.\" He said that the committee has been assigned the task to ensure effective compliance of Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act (COTPA), 2009, in the state.The move to form the STCCC is the fallout of a meeting held here last year chaired by the principal secretary, health, and attended by senior officials of different government departments and members of various tobacco control organizations such as the Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI) and Health Related Information Dissemination Amongst Youth (Hriday) and Socio Economic and Educational Development Society (Seeds), partners in tobacco elimination programme in the state. The objective of the meeting was to discuss tobacco control issues and build a road map for effective implementation of tobacco control programme. The meeting decided to include representatives of other departments like police, education, food and consumer protection, transport, tourism, social welfare and Panchayati Raj in the committee.Seeds executive director and STCCC member Deepak Mishra said, \"The Bihar government has made rapid strides in the field of tobacco control programme.\" Amit Yadav of Hriday said that every second person in Bihar consumes tobacco in one form or the other and the formation of such a committee would not only make people aware of the hazards of tobacco use, but would also discourage non-users from consuming it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12656828", "title": "50-year-old woman hurt in acid attack", "text": "NASHIK: Acid was thrown on the face of a 50-year-old woman on Thursday. According to DCP D S Swami, the woman has suffered 40% burn injuries and is undergoing treatment at the Jairam Hospital in the Nashik Road area of the city.Cops said that around 7pm on Thursday in the Somvaar Bazaar area of Deolali gaon, accused Vishwas Lavte, brother of corporator Shirish Anna, threw acid on victim Sushila AnilKasbe (50) over an argument. According to the complaint filed at the Upnagar police station, Lavte had demanded Rs 50,000 from Kasbe, as she was extending her house. Since Kasbe refused to give Shirish the money, the accused got furious and threw acid on her face on Thursday.The Upnagar police have registered a case of extortion against the accused. Further investigation are underway. DCP Swami said that the accused was still at large, but a manhunt to trace him is on. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagapattinam/karaikal", "code": "12664311", "title": "45-day ban on fishing by mechanized boats comes into effect from Sunday", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM/KARAIKAL: Hundreds of mechanized boats in Nagapattinam and Karaikal districts will not put out to sea from tomorrow for one and half months as the annual 45-day ban on fishing these coastal areas comes into force from Sunday.The governments of Tamil Nadu and Pondy had imposed the ban under provisions of the Deep Sea Fishing Regulation Act, 2001. Every year, between April 15 and May 29, motorised trawlers are not be allowed for fishing activities, fisheries department sources said.This ban coincides with the spawning season for fish, during which they release their eggs. As trawlers use fishing nets with small gaps, eggs and young ones would be caught in the net leading to resource depletion, .During this period, fishermen dependent on trawlers attend to repairs of boats and nets.Catamarans and fibreglass boats are exempted from the ban. The nets used by the fishermen in catamarans are different from those used by the trawlers. The nets of catamarans have big gaps and the young fish and eggs will not be caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12656638", "title": "Robbers tie-up trader\u2019s family, loot Rs 25 lakh in cash and jewellery", "text": "NOIDA: Security of residents was yet again seen compromised after unidentified armed robbers barged into the residence of a businessman, brutally thrashed the family members and looted cash and jewellery worth Rs 25 lakh. Initial police probe suggests that the robbers may be known to the family and well-educated.A senior police official said that the victim has been identified as RP Maanak, a plastic and rubber businessman. He lives with his family in A block in sector 19. The incident took place around 4.30pm. The assailants knocked the victim's residence door and posed themselves as tenant aspirants. \"As one of the family members opened the door, the assailants held the family hostage at gunpoint,\" said a cop.At the time of incident, Maanak, his son Deepak, daughter-in-law Neelu and daughter were present. In the two-storey house, the miscreants bound their hands and held them hostage on the first floor. \"Two of the assailants kept an eye on the family while the other two ransacked the house. They broke open four almirahs, took out jewellery worth Rs 22 lakh and Rs three lakh in cash, stuffed them in a bag and fled,\" said a cop.Meanwhile, police informed that the victims were taken to a private hospital for treatment. The family members have not been hurt seriously. After getting a dacoity call, cops reached the house. \"The family said that the accused seemed well-educated. Prima facie it seems to be handiwork of someone close to the family. We have recorded the statements of the family and some fingerprint samples have already been picked up from the crime scene,\" the investigator added.Following the statement of the family, police have identified some suspects. A case has been registered with sector 20 police station and investigation is on to nab the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12657188", "title": "Case in HC over German artist\u2019s show at Durbar Hall", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kochi-based Lantern Fine Arts Society has petitioned the Kerala high court against department of forest, wild life and cultural affairs for allowing the Kochi Biennale Foundation, a private trust for conducting an art exhibition of a German artist named Eberhand Havelcost in association with a private German organization Staatichi Kunsta Immulgen Dresden (Dreesden State Art collection) between April 14 and June 2 at the Durbar Hall in Ernakulam.The petitioner has alleged that the culture department has violated Article 14 (Right to Equality) of the constitution as the exhibition is being conducted after cancelling the exhibition of other 20 local artists who were in queue to display their works at the Durbar Hall.\"The ownership and the possession of Durbar Hall is vested with the Lalit Kala Academy but had been temporarily handed over to the biennale. Local artists always depend on Durbar Hall for exhibiting their art, but they lost two years as it was closed for renovation works undertaken by the Kochi Biennale Foundation and now they will lose another two months because of the exhibition. As per the stipulation, the cancellation of the exhibition of other artists can be done only if there is government or academy shows scheduled. The other clause is that the hall can be given to individual artists only for five days on rent but in this case the culture department has allowed the Kochi Biennale to use the hall for more than two months free of rent,\" said Ajit, secretary of Lantern Fine Arts.The petitioners have also pointed out that the Kochi Biennale Foundation has been embroiled in allegations of financial irregularities. Lalit Kala Academy had denied Kochi Biennale Foundation permission to exhibit the German's works but they got permission from the cultural department to conduct the exhibition free of cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661801", "title": "Irrfan keen on playing Dhyan Chand", "text": "After winning accolades for his national level athlete-turned dacoit act in 'Paan Singh Tomar' Irrfan Khan is now keen to essay the role of Indian hockey genius Dhyan Chand in a biopic based on the legend's life.\"It has been one of my dreams to do a role on Dhyan Chand. It seems I have grown too old to play this role. But if I get a chance to do I will definitely play the role of Dhyan Chand in a film. Dhyan Chand's story is amazing and he had made the country very proud,\" Irrfan told reporters at the DVD launch of his film, Paan Singh Tomar based on a true story of a simple farmer and an athlete who became one of the most dreaded dacoits in Chambal valley.\"He made a very big name for himself in the field of hockey and today see the condition of hockey. I think we should definitely make a film on Dhyan Chand,\" he said.Recently Shahrukh Khan had revealed that he has been approached to play the role of the hockey player.Dhyan Chand, who is considered to be one of the greatest players of all time, is most remembered for his goal-scoring feats and for his three Olympic gold medals (1928, 1932, and 1936) in field hockey, while India was dominant in the sport. Irrfan feels that today times are changing as audience wants to see films on original subjects.\"Filmmakers have realised that audience is also hungry for original subjects, to see our own stories. They (audience) also want to see original cinema..films that have an identity. ..they want to see those films whose roots are based here. This section of audience has awakened the film industry and it is not just about sport films, people want to see good and original cinema,\" he said.The 49-year-old would be seen next in the second installment of Tigmanshu Dhulia's hit film, Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster . He also has a Hollywood film, The Amazing Spiderman where he essays a role of Dr Ratha, up for release on July 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12658318", "title": "Tamils celebrate harvest festival across Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Uzhavar Thirunal was celebrated on Friday in all 507 revenue villages in Trichy, signifying the first day of the Tamil month Chithirai.DMK patriarch M Karunanidhi and his political associates had already celebrated Tamil New Year Day on the first day of the Tamil month Thai, which fell on January 14 this year, in accordance with the DMK government's earlier resolution passed in the Assembly in 2008.Elaborate arrangements had been made in Trichy by district collector Jayashree Muralidharan who was present at Kadiyakurichi village in Andanallur taluk under Srirangam constituency. The chief minister (CM) had already announced that the first day of Chithirai (this year it fell on April 13, a day earlier because of the leap year) would also be the day on which an interaction with farmers would be launched. In keeping with the government's plan to usher in a second green revolution, the collector transferred cultivation technology to farmers in addition to providing them with information on government schemes. As many as 16 farmers were chosen at this village, and were presented with hand sprayers, rain gun, and power weeders by the collector.The collector said there were 2,93,137 farmers in the district and the administration had collected information from about 91,000 farmers on the sand quality in their lands. They were all given identity cards that carried vital information about the size of land holding and the kind of fertilizers they required. The collector also said the farmers could hire agricultural equipment from the 85 primary agricultural cooperative centres at nominal rates.Agricultural officers would also be present with them throughout the day on select dates to interact with them about new seeds available and disseminate information about de-worming and artificial insemination of cattle. Moreover, those farmers who maintained their free cattle well would be given incentives by the state at Somarasampettai on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656548", "title": "Errant father loses visitation rights after woman appeals", "text": "CHENNAI: A family court here has suspended the visitation rights of a man who did not meet his child after he separated from his wife.In an ex-parte order that cited an apex court observation in a similar case, the court directed that the custody rights in the case be altered to allow the man's wife, Devika (name changed), to take the child abroad. Devika, an IT professional, went to court after she was offered a job in Canada but had her visa application turned down because of a court order granting her husband visitation rights was still in operation.While permitting Devika to take the child with her, principal family court judge T C S Raja Chockalingam said she would have to submit an undertaking before the lower court that she would allow her former husband to visit his daughter whenever she returned to India.\"The judge noted that Devika is a single mother with the responsibility of bringing up her daughter,\" Devika's lawyer V Sathish said. The court ruled that Devika's autonomy to take her daughter to Canada could not be hindered by the agreement in the court decree.\"Since her ex-husband had not visited their daughter since they separated, Devika approached the court, with a plea that the agreement infringed on her right to seek better employment,\" the lawyer said. \"The right of custody has now been modified to allow Devika to seek a better life for her family.\"In her application, Devika said she was married in May 2004 under the provisions of the Special Marriage Act, 1954. After their daughter was born, the couple filed a petition for divorce citing incompatibility of temperament and irreconcilable differences. The order of divorce was passed in April 2008 and contained a clause that Devika was not opposed to her husband visiting their daughter on Christmas , New Year and Easter as well as one Sunday each month.\"Custody and visitation rights of children can be altered, keeping in view their needs. The petitioner's endeavour to shift her residence and get a better job opportunity for herself and for the welfare of the child cannot be curtailed by the court,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12658938", "title": "Mysore club will promote badminton", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Badminton Clinic (MBC), a non-profit centre, will conduct a monthlong badminton summer coaching camp for children in 6-17 age group at Vontikopal Club from April 15. Twenty orphans will be given free training and badminton kits at the camp. The camp, which will be inaugurated at 10am, concludes on May 15.MBC is a group of people from diverse background, but having common interest in sports. They socialize and understand the importance of sports in everybody's life. \"So far, we have conducted some small camps, including weekend camps at our club. We encourage new talents,\" said Pratap Sahu, one of MBC's founders.To start with, the centre will conduct a camp for children in 6-17 age group. They have restricted the number of entries to 80 so as to ensure individual attention, Pratap said.There will be four batches of 20 players each, he said, adding that 20 orphans are from Asha Kirana and Asha Dayaka Seva Trust. The kits to be given to them will cost Rs 2,500 each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12657928", "title": "State cooperation told to scrap deal with builder", "text": "PUNE: The state cooperation commissioner on Thursday sent the third and final letter to the Maharashtra state cooperative federation ltd asking it to scrap the Rs 35-crore build-operate-transfer (BOT) deal with a private builder that involved development of the federation's land.The board of directors of the federation was dissolved last year for allegedly signing the BOT deal with the builder.Cooperation commissioner Madhukar Chaudhari told TOI: \"Earlier, I have sent two letters asking the federation to scrap the deal, but no action was taken. Though the federation has informed our office about returning the token amount of Rs 1.11 crore taken from the builder, which it accepted while signing the deal, I have come to know that the builder has not deposited the cheques in his bank account. It means the money is still in the account of the federation.\"Unless and until the money is returned and the remaining procedure of scrapping the deal is completed, the federation will not be allowed to make any important policy decisions, he said.The commissioner's office has also asked a third-party property valuation of the land owned by the federation near the Central Building here. In early 2011, the federation, which is the apex body of cooperative societies in the state, signed a deal with a private developer for Rs 35.11 crore. The builder was to develop 74,158 sq.ft. area of the federation building and hand over 5,000 sq.ft. to the federation for its use. The rest of the built-up area was to be used by the builder as commercial property for 99 years. Rough estimates put the value of the property close to Rs 120 crore.The third-party valuation will reveal the actual market value of the property. It is expected that the market value of the property will be much higher than the Rs 35.11 crore, due to its prime location. Once, the commissioner establishes the difference between the actual market value and the deal amount, it will be used as a solid evidence during the legal battle against the federation, an official said.In 2007 also, the board of directors of the federation had proposed a similar BOT deal, where it had proposed to redevelop its Pune headquarters and another piece of land in Kolhapur. The then cooperation commissioner objected to the deal and warned the federation of stringent action if it went ahead with the plan. The federation, later, submitted a letter stating that it will not enter into any such deal without prior permission from the cooperation commissioner.Meanwhile, an auditor is conducting audit of the federation accounts to see whether it was running as per the guidelines of the Cooperative Societies Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12660967", "title": "It\u2019s worse than what happens in the movies: Anuj Tiku", "text": "It's been more than five days since Anuj Tiku has gone home, but the bespectacled 38-year-old isn't missing it. He is still wearing the same black Nirvana tee, black trousers and floaters that he's been in for the past three days, and is oblivious to how profusely he's been sweating. \"I haven't felt like returning home. Just as I haven't felt hungry or sleepy,\" he says.Less than a week ago, Anuj's father, 62-year-old Arunkumar Tiku, was murdered by three men - Vijay Palande, Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh - who Anuj regarded as his friends. While the cops have been busy sniffing out the accused, Anuj has been pacing up and down a dingy corridor inside Oshiwara police station, looking like he's seen a ghost. \"I was so attached to Dad. I'm all alone now. To trust them, take them to be my friends - that was my mistake.\"The fledgling actor has since plunged into depression , and it's not hard to see why. As the only child of the Tikus, a Kashmiri family that settled in Uttarakhand more than six decades ago, Anuj was kept away from life's hardships.He excelled in school, completed his engineering from a college in Manchester and studied management at Ghaziabad's IMT before turning into a banker. Having decided that his future wasn't in a corner office, he moved to the city in 2005 - like so many others, to chase the Bollywood dream. His duffer-meets-geek looks helped him bag bit-part roles in big-banner films such as Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi and No One Killed Jessica, apart from the odd TV commercial (\"This is bizarre,\" he says, \"This is worse than what happens in the movies.\")Four years ago, when his mother passed away, Anuj moved from his Bandra home to the Lokhandwala residence that his father purchased - three flats on the first floor merged into one. It was this flat that the three killers wanted to usurp by killing both father and son.Anuj says he was ignorant about his friend Vijay Palande's notorious appetite for crime, or the fact that he had served nine years in prison in a 1999 murder case of a union leader. He says he never saw through the trio's plot. \"The tragedy is I never saw that they were murderers wearing masks of civility. Their masks came off too late.\"When the police confronted him with his father's killers, or as he sarcastically calls them, \"friends\", Anuj couldn't hold back his emotions. \"They brought Palande before me and I screamed out at him - You are a murderer... a murderer who never deserved a friend like me'. He (Palande) didn't even look me in the eye. Shameless. Looking at them fills me with disgust.\"Having chosen the darkest corner in the police station's vicinity to puff away vacantly, he flashes his pinky at the cops each time he goes to the loo.An officer, who's watched him for three days, says, \"Imagine somebody like Anuj -- who has four servants to tend to him at home and has always lived in comfort - trying to make sense of this tragedy. He is totally lost.\"According to the police, Anuj has been grappling with drug abuse and until recently, was under psychiatric treatment at Jaipur. His father Arunkumar's pressing concern though was that he quit films and start some business.In fact, his father and he had a huge fight when Arunkumar learnt that Anuj had taken in paying guests (Shinde and Gajkosh), something which the society objected to, and to deal with which he had to fly down from Delhi.On the day his father was killed, cops say, Palande got him to accompany him to a Goa casino. Anuj - who was initially a suspect in the case - doesn't want to talk about the gory details. \"It was a strange co-incidence that I lost my cell phone around this time,\" is all he says, referring to why his phone was 'switched off' during that time.So haven't his friends or relatives been by his side through this ordeal? \"I have some friends...\" he trails off. \"As for relatives, they flew down from Delhi for the funeral on Wednesday. I'll go to Delhi in a few days. I don't feel like being here in Mumbai, at least for now.\"A little past 11 pm, Anuj steps out of the police station and slowly trudges towards his home. He is alone but for a young boy the police has sent along to wipe off the blood stains from his home. As he enters a dark lane, Anuj half-lifts his hand and says, \"This is how my future looks now - dark and pointless. Dad was all I had.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12658358", "title": "Fuelling adrenaline with car modifications", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's a club where spunky speedsters can whole-heartedly exhibit their skills behind the wheel. Street Sliders provides a platform to enthusiasts who like to take their adrenaline rush to a new high.A young enthusiast can avail the club's membership on one condition, says 22-year-old club owner Paras Makkar from BRS Nagar, who started the club last year, ''It's mandatory for an enthusiast to do some modification in their car to be eligible to be a part of Street Sliders.'' Adding that every new member has to attend three meetings before getting an enrolment number which is required to be pasted with the club's logo on their cars.''Members get ample opportunity in revving up and burning rubber at the drag races and rallies organized by the club,'' says 22-year-old Rachit Sachdeva from Sarabha Nagar, one of the administrator of the club.Aiming to turn every car into a monster, the club's mission also lies in providing a portal to its members in sharing knowledge about automobiles and the nuances of automobile modification, he added. He said, ''There is not much craze in Ludhiana, about cars and the club aims at inculcating interest among people.''Twenty nine-year-old Karamjit Singh from Model Town is the sound system expert of the club, who loves to spread knowledge of music systems and accessories. ''We regularly organize a meet called the i.c.e or in car entertainment system, where I advise our members on importing and installing music systems,'' he said. Karamjit's passion has driven him to install music system worth 2.5 lakh in his car and he even plans to import equipment from Europe for professionally installing them in Ludhiana. Anshul Chawla, 19, from Kidwai Nagar is the youngest member of the club and feels ecstatic about being a part of it. ''I wanted something that could give my obsession with cars a new direction. After I became a member, I performed modifications on my engine, air-filter, alloys and music systems,'' he said.With regular posts on their Facebook page, which has over 970 followers, members remain updated with the latest car accessories and techniques that keep these fanatics on the edge. Youngsters from New Delhi, Amritsar and Jalandhar have also enrolled in the club, flaunting their hottest acquisitions on the group's page. Some of the members of the club also possess high end cars like Range Rovers and BMWs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657409", "title": "Harsh\u2019s family lodges complaint against school", "text": "LUCKNOW: The family members of Harsh Singh Vats, the city lad on a school tour to Puducherry, where he drowned in the Queen's Lake on Wednesday afternoon, lodged a written complaint with the Gomtinagar police in connection with the untimely death of the schoolboy. They had accused the school management of negligence and attempts to hush up the case. Police said any decision on registration of a formal criminal case on the complaint will be taken only after going through the proceedings of the Puducherry police, if any, in connection with Harsh's death.A student of class IX at Seth MR Jaipuria School, Harsh was on a school trip to Puducherry with 30 other colleagues and five teachers, including a swimming coach and school vice-president Anjali Jaipura. The entire squad left for the tour on Sunday.After visiting Sri Aurobindo Ashram in Puducherry on Wednesday, they headed for Gingee Fort in Villupuram district of Tamil Nadu, where the students decided to go for a swim in the Queen's Lake. Harsh slipped into the water and drowned. The Gingee police had registered a case under Section 174 of CrPc and started investigations.Section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) of 1973 relates to inquest reports and post-mortems in cases of unnatural deaths. Under this section, if there is any doubt regarding the cause of death or when, for any other reason, the police officer considers it expedient to do so, he shall forward the body with a view to get it examined by the nearest civil surgeon or other equally competent authority.In his complaint, Harsh's father SP Singhhas raised questions on certain acts of the school management before and after the incident. The complaint talks of school authorities changing the tour venues at the last moment without notice. The complaint also points to the delay in informing the family about the tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657452", "title": "Laxmikant Vajpayee to head BJP in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Accepting the resignation of Surya Pratap Shahi over party's rout in the recently concluded assembly polls, the Bharatiya Janata Party's central leadership on Friday appointed veteran Laxmikant Vajpayee as state party president. Presently, a vice-president in the organisational set-up, Vajpayee, an MLA from Meerut, has a clean reputation and is said to enjoy the confidence of Sangh Parivar.An ayurvedic physician by training, Vajpayee has been four-time MLA from Meerut. He was also a state minister for dairy development in 2002-03. Starting his career as a student leader from Rishikul Rajkeeya Ayurved College, he graduated to become the president of Janta Yuva Morcha in 1977. In 1982 he was appointed the secretary of the Bharatiya Yuva Morcha and then the vice-president next year. He was elected to Vidhan Sabha first time in 1989.Meanwhile, outgoing state unit president Surya Pratap Shahi has been appointed as a special invitee in the party's national executive. Shahi had become target of much flak and controversy after the party's debacle, more since he himself failed to win Pathardeva assembly seat. The delay in acceptance of Shahi's resignation had led to much lobbying and suspense here. According to insiders, \"There were three major contenders for the post. Former mayor of Lucknow Dinesh Sharma had the backing of Uma Bharti and Kalraj Mishra, vice-president Mahendra Singh supported by BJP's unit in-charge Narendra Tomar and Santosh Gangwar said to be a protege of Lal Krishna Advani. Vajpayee proved lucky as a consensus candidate.\" Incidentally his nomination spells the decline of Purvanchal's dominance and ushers in a stint by a leader from western UP. The best thing about him is that he is no one's nominee and is known for his hard work and integrity, a party MLA told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12658341", "title": "PM, Sonia gone, VIPs follows suit", "text": "PANCHKULA: Minutes after PM Manmohan Singh and national advisory council chairperson Sonia Gandhi fretted over disappearing art forms and challenges to art and culture and other means of entertainment taking over public attention, an elite gathering at the silver jubilee celebrations of zonal cultural centres proved their fears right.When the VVIPs walked out in the middle of a performance, after spending barely an hour at the venue, a large number of audience - local politicians, including MLAs and municipal councilors, local and state officials - occupying the front rows of VVIP galleries followed suit.\"It's a shame, really,\" claimed educationist and former councilor Lily Bawa, who was among the few VIPS who continued watching the performance.\"My constituency is in a far off area and we are already late. My husband is also unwell. I'll come with children tomorrow to watch the performance,\" a woman politician explained apologetically, when asked why she was leaving in the middle of a performance.Two women cops used the vacated seats to relax. \" It appears that the politicians had come to only show their face to Sonia Gandhi and the PM. Who bothers about culture,\" one of them sniggered.Rhythm Chhabra, a resident of Sector 21, was among those who walked out after the PM's departure. \"I had come to see the PM,\" the relative of a local politician exclaimed. Like her, Shivani, a student of class VI, too accompanied her parents \"to see both Sonia Gandhi and the PM in person\".Ten minutes after the VVIPs left, the front rows were occupied again as people moved forward to enjoy the grand spectacle, put together by folk artists at the impressive stage of Parade Grounds in Sector 5.Interestingly, many had earlier struggled to occupy the coveted rows. A retired IAS officer , who was said to be a close relative of Union minister Kumari Selja's relative, was seen shouting at cops at the VVIP gate when refused entry. He was seen escorting several of his relatives from the gate. Former Chandigarh mayor Harjinder Kaur also had to make a few phonecalls before she was allowed in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657114", "title": "Light showers likely on Saturday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Weather took a sudden but pleasant change on Friday evening when clouds covered the blazing sun and strong winds chased the summer heat away. By late evening, people in some parts even experienced pitter patter of small raindrops. The day temperature dropped to 37.7 degrees, two degrees below normal.Weather officials have forecasted that light to moderate rains or thundershowers would occur at isolated places in all districts of the state on Saturday. In Ahmedabad, one or two thundershowers are likely to occur on the weekend.\"Light showers and thundershowers will take place at number of places in north Gujarat, Saurashtra and other parts of the state. This is due to the effect of western disturbance (WD) which is lying over Rajasthan and other adjoining parts because of which there is air circulation. The state is also likely to experience strong winds\", director of Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Gujarat Kamaljit Ray said.It needs mention that such changes in weather where it rains during the summer season are uncommon in Gujarat. Weather officials said that while rains and cold winds due to WD are commonly experienced in north India and even Rajasthan, such drastic change in weather, so far, did not occur in Gujarat.Meanwhile, the city made most of the sudden twist in weather. People were seen enjoying strolls and rides on two wheelers on the roads on big numbers, feeling cold winds on their faces, a great departure from the heat when the temperature was around 40 degrees. Meanwhile, unseasonal showers took people by surprise in Rajkot in North Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12657157", "title": "Cops injured in clash with students", "text": "HOWRAH: Three cops were injured when they were allegedly attacked by students of Bengal Engineering and Science University (BESU) on Thursday night. A patrolling team from Shibpur police station reached the spot following reports of clash between students and locals. Six students were arrested.Police said a group of students came out of the university campus around 10pm. They allegedly passed obscene comments to some locals. Soon other locals rushed to control the situation. But the students attacked them with bricks and sticks.After the cops reached there, the BESU students allegedly turned the heat on them. Sub inspectors Sultan Mallik, Mouman Chabraborty and Samir Chakraborty were admitted to South Howrah State General Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12658257", "title": "Global road safety project extended to city", "text": "LUDHIANA: The five-year global road safety project RS10, which aims to reduce road-crash related death and injury in 10 low-and-middle income countries, will be extended to Ludhiana and Bathinda, according to Dr Kamaljeet Soi, vice chairman, Punjab State Road Safety Council, Government of Punjab . Dr Almqvist Sverker, WHO representative in India and technical officer Road Safety &amp; Injury Prevention, visited the city for initial meetings with the stake holders. Dr Kamaljeet Soi said he organized meetings of local NGOs and police officials with Dr Almqvist Sverker to know the ground realities in Ludhiana.Dr Soi said in the meeting with ADCP traffic Harmohan Singh and ACP traffic Swapan Sharma, the enforcement plan was discussed which included creating check points, dividing city in various zones, day to day monitoring of drunken driving and enforcement drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "port blair", "code": "12662137", "title": "Jarwas now willing to come to the mainstream: Local MP", "text": "PORT BLAIR: The members of the jarwa community are now willing to come to the mainstream and embrace a new modern life style, local MP Bishnu Pada Ray said on Saturday.\"It would not be appropriate to suppress the voice of the community and leave them in total isolation,\" Ray told a press meet here on Friday.A parliamentary standing committee already recommended review of policy for the primitive tribe of Andaman and Nicobar Islands to facilitate a 'slow and smooth' transition, he said.But this would have to be done with minimum damage to the members of the tribe and their cultural heritage, Ray pointed out.Regarding the ATR Road he said that the road is a life line for the people of Middle and North Andaman and therefore should not be closed.One of the adivasi indigenous people of the Andaman Islands, the present numbers of jarwas are estimated at between 250-400 individuals, having inhabited the islands for at least several thousand years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657756", "title": "Diplomat attack: Iran invites sleuths", "text": "NEW DELHI: Iran has invited Indian investigators and security officials to visit Tehran to probe the explosion that hit an Israeli diplomat's car here on February 13. Four Iranians, Houshang Afshar Irani, Syed Ali Mahdiansadr, Mohammadreza Abolghasemi and Masoud Sedaghatzadeh, are the main accused in the case.India is likely to take up the offer, though there is no decision yet about who would go to Iran. While Sedaghatzadeh has been arrested in Malaysia, where he had fled after a foiled bid in Thailand , the other three are still at large. India has asked for their passport details from Iran and Interpol lookout notices have also been issued.Officials say that this is a positive development as they can collect details about the addresses, occupation and their family from Tehran quickly, instead of waiting for the reply of a Letter Rogatory (LR). The Delhi Police is sending LRs as well to Iran, Thailand and Malaysia along with specific questionnaires seeking details about the investigations. This would be for the first time that any Indian agency would travel to Iran to carry out a probe. \"The team would be able to know more about the conspiracy and people behind the blast. The exercise would be a part of collection of evidence,\" said a senior officer.Iran's offer to help New Delhi has been received with mixed feelings here. So far, the Iranian government has, by and large, refused to acknowledge that the attack could be their doing. But after the Thailand incident that happened soon after the Indian attack, and the Malaysian arrest, the room for deniability reduced significantly.Indian establishment was livid with Iran for bringing their problems with Israel to India. While the Indian government maintains an official silence on Iran's involvement, the MEA, unusually called in the Iranian ambassador and asked for Teheran's assistance to catch the perpetrators.But Iran's response means there is some serious rethinking in Tehran. While there would be a strong temptation to obfuscate the issue, by probably pointing to some \"rogue\" elements who might want to embarrass the Iranian government, there could also be a realization that the attack had backfired badly on the Iranian establishment since it involves a friendly nation.Delhi Police has already officially claimed that Bangkok and Delhi blasts of February 13 and 14 are linked, and the same module of Iranians was involved in the attacks. Delhi Police had arrested Indian journalist S M A Kazmi for the conspiracy here, while Bangkok Police had held Moradi Saeid and Mohammed Khazaei for the attack there. Investigations suggest that Mahdian Sadr is the main link in both the blasts and he was the one who had convinced Kazmi for helping them in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12657236", "title": "Cultural fete and book fair begin", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Minister for cultural affairs, K C Joseph opened 'Samskarikothsavam', the art and handicraft gallery of Santhigiri Fest 2012 at Santhigiri ashram here on Friday. Mullakkara Ratnakaran MLA presided over the inaugural meeting and writer Dr George Onakkoor gave the key-note address.The gallery will feature several pavilions including the TRIBES India pavilion by TRIFED and 'Kalatheertham' a pavilion for hand-crafted decorative items and curios. TRIBES India is an exclusive outlet for tribal art and artefact, run by TRIFED under the aegis of the Union Ministry for Tribal Welfare.Rare and intricately hand-crafted items, shipped from various states across the country, like embroidery, pottery, bamboo items and other mementoes will be available at the pavilion at moderate prices.Cultural programmes featuring performance artists from several states of India will also be staged at the venue 'Kalanjali 2012'. 'Garba' dance, the traditional dance form of Gujarat will be the chief attraction.'Karuna Sindhu National Book Festival', being held as part of the fest was also inaugurated by Shashi Tharoor MP on Friday.Koliyacode Krishnan Nair, MLA, presided over the function. More than 40 publishing houses are taking part in the book festival which will display nearly 50,000 titles in Hindi, English, Malayalam and Tamil. Interactive sessions with authors, debates and quiz contests are among the events planned during the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12658834", "title": "FreeVittala, demand Left organizations", "text": "MANGALORE: The Democratic Youth Federation of India (DYFI), Adivasi Budakattu Janara Samanvaya Samiti and Dalita Hakkugala Horata Samiti (CPM) commenced a 24 hour-long hunger strike demanding the release of Vittala Malekudiya, a student of mass communication and journalism in Mangalore University and his father Lingappa Malekudiya, who were arrested on charges of abetting naxals, in front of Belthangady taluk office on Friday.CPM state secretariat board member G C Bayya Reddy said that Vittala and his father were made scapegoats by the Anti-Naxal Force (ANF) cops. \"Our party's stand is very clear that the state government should release Vittala and Lingappa, who are innocent. Vittala, who is active member of our party, was never a Naxal supporter,\" he said and urged that the duo should be released immediately. Even though the Forest Rights Act ensures protection of tribals, the government failed in providing basic facilities to tribal families living in Belthangady and other taluks in the state, he said adding that Naxals make use of the situation to build their base in forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "12658158", "title": "Bihar minister in a fix over CUB issue", "text": "GAYA: Gaya Town MLA and urban development minister Prem Kumar, also the minister in-charge, programme implementation of East Champaran district, finds himself between the devil and the deep sea on the Central University of Bihar (CUB) issue, and according to Prof Ali Hussain who teaches political science to under-graduate students, Prem Kumar, metaphorically speaking is the \"victim of severe CUB bite\".Kumar has come in for sharp criticism for supporting the Bihar assembly resolution for the establishment of the Central University of Bihar at Motihari not Gaya as proposed by the Union HRD ministry. He also had to face the fury of the pro-CUB activists who, a few days back staged dharna outside Kumar's Nai Sadak residence in Gaya. On the other hand, not a day passes in Motihari when anti-Prem Kumar slogans do not rent the air.The problem with Kumar, according to political analysts, is that being the minister in-charge of East Champaran district, he cannot skip the trouble spot.Going by media reports, Motihari residents upped the ante against Kumar ever since the minister last Friday clarified the stand of the NDA government on CUB in Gaya. Kumar, along with the NDA legislators of Gaya district during an interaction with mediapersons at Gaya, said that the NDA had no problem with establishment of CUB in Gaya as the Centre had both the money and the land to execute its plan and the state government can do little in the matter.Kumar's softened stand was in tune with chief minister Nitish Kumar's line taken earlier during a meet with CUB Struggle Committee representatives at his (Nitish's) legislative council office. Two days after clarifying his position on CUB, Kumar visited Motihari in connection with an official programme. During Kumar's stay at Motihari, the CUB ghost visited him several times and his reported 'no comment' response on the issue at Motihari further angered people there. Kumar's political mentor and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi, who was present at Motihari that day, made attempts to defend Kumar. But the Motihari crowd remained skeptical about Gaya Town MLA's 'heart location'.Only chief minister Nitish Kumar had the cure for Prem Kumar's CUB bite, says a senior BJP leader preferring anonymity. Asked about the prescription, the BJP leader said that it would be advisable to shift Prem Kumar to some other district as minister in-charge as till the final resolution of the vexed CUB issue, Prem Kumar will be facing hostility in East Champaran, which, in turn will adversely affect execution of development schemes in East Champaran district.Exit from Motihari is the easy option for Kumar, as he has much more political stake in Gaya which has elected him to the assembly a record six times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12662740", "title": "Mamata Banerjee cartoons: I fear for my life, professor Ambikesh Mahapatra says", "text": "KOLKATA: Professor Ambikesh Mahapatra, who on Friday faced the ire of West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee, said on Saturday that he feared for his life. Speaking about the incident where he was allegedly beaten up by the TMC workers, Mahapatra said he has filed a complaint against two of the alleged attackers.Mahapatra claims to have been assaulted by 15 people on Thursday night.The West Bengal police on Saturday arrested 4 people in connection with the assault on professor Ambikesh Mahapatra, Times Now reported.The four arrested persons were identified as Amit Sardar, Arup Mukherjee, SK Mustafa and Nishikanta Ghorai.All the four, however, were given bail on personal security bonds of Rs 500 each by the Alipore court where they were produced.Today's arrests come a day after Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra was arrested for allegedly posting a cartoon on the internet showing West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee in poor light after she forced out Dinesh Trivedi and put Mukul Roy in his place as railway minister.Mohapatra was charged with IPC offences relating to defamation and insulting the modesty of women as well as cyber crime offences, police said.The cartoon in question, which was also sent by email, showed chief minister and the railway minister apparently exchanging dialogues from a popular Bengali film 'Sonar Kella', a detective masterpiece by Satyajit Ray , which alluded to the replacement of Trivedi by Roy as railway minister.The arrest of Ambikesh Mohapatra, a chemistry professor, sparked an outrage with opposition CPM and the academic community saying the police action is \"highly atrocious\" and a \"clear assault\" on the minimum democratic right of freedom of expression.The professor was later granted bail by an Alipore court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "story ", "code": "12660742", "title": "Ninnu Chusthe Love Vasthundi", "text": "Story : A high flying businessman who hates the word commitment, takes off to Paris to live it up. There he runs into a traditional South Indian who falls for him. Can love bloom between such stark opposites?Movie Review : A Telugu dubbing of Tamil movie Engeyum Kadhal, this film is one of those sugar coated love stories between a guy who doesn't believe in love and a girl who is all for it. Set in the romantic backdrop of Paris, this love story is full of the usual suspects - breath taking locales, smoldering lead pair, decent music and a familiar story line. The director Parbhu Deva even makes a surprise entry in the movie.Kamal (Jayam Ravi) is a hot shot businessman who doesn't believe in commitments. He works hard for eleven months of the year and takes off for a month long vacation where he lives it up hitting on random women. He meets Kayalvizhi (Hansika Motwani) who is a traditional South Indian girl living in Paris. She falls for him despite knowing about his philandering ways. The rest of the movie is all about how their love story shapes up.Director Prabhu Deva tries hard to bring some comic relief , but succeeds only partially. Raju Sundaram provides some laugh-out-loud moments too, but his track is almost completely disconnected from the story. The movie has no villains, no unexpected twists or smart dialogues. Looks like the director was hoping the beautiful montage shots of Paris would suffice but as it turns out it doesn't.The romance has nothing new to it. Jayam Ravi looks labored in his acting. Hansika Motwani looks stunning in her super stylish costumes and does a decent job of playing the hopeless romantic. The music is the best part of the movie, however the extreme predictability of the narrative is what weighs it down. It's just one of those feel good movies that doesn't leave you with a good feeling we are afraid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657152", "title": "Tara blames actor for her fall", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Tollywood actress used to hire Tara Chowdhary to keep her violent husband 'in good humour'. According to the police, the husband, who also happens to be an actor, used to get drunk and beat his wife black and blue and threaten to divorce her unless she procured Tara for him.Tara told the cops that by promising her a chance to play as heroine in a movie, the actor exploited her for a long time. After the bitter experience, Tara decided to get into full-time prostitution and started a brothel at Krishna Nagar, she claimed.In her confession, a copy of which is with TOI, Tara told the cops that she used to lure innocent girls from various coastal districts in the state by promising them jobs in the city. After examining Tara's diary, police found that she had been in touch with a network of brothel organisers from various states, including one Shravan from Chennai and Suzen Sapna from Mumbai.Tara also procured girls from Hyderabad and one Prameela from Nellore. Her close associates were Jayant, a gutka businessman, and Haneef from the city. Police said that Tara used to send girls to Jayant's guest house near LV Prasad Eye Institute, where several high profile people used to indulge in sexual escapades.In her confession to the police, Tara said that Haneef used to help her in recording audiovisuals of her clients in compromising positions. He is currently absconding. According to Tara, just before she was arrested, Haneef had left for Mumbai to attend a wedding.Tara also said in her confession that she recorded voice conversations of many politicians, businessmen and police officers whenever they called her for sexual favours, but none of their names were mentioned in the confession report. \"As per Tara's confession, we are looking for her associate Haneef and we are also probing the role of Jayant,\" Banjara Hills ACP E Shankar Reddy said.Tara's bail rejectedThe bail petition moved by Tara Chowdhary was rejected by the third additional chief metropolitan magistrate on Friday. The bail was rejected on technical grounds since Tara is facing charge under section 354 (outraging the modesty of a woman) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), her counsel K Srinivas said. \"The magistrate asked my client to move the bail petition in the sessions court since the magistrate court is not empowered to handle the bail petition in a case where the accused is facing the charge under section 354 of the IPC,\" Srinivas said. Meanwhile, Tara was produced in the court and her judicial remand extended till April 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12657189", "title": "Zaffar produced in court", "text": "Zaffar Pahelwan alias Hamza Bin Omar was produced in Nampally court on Friday in connection with the murder of rowdy-sheeter Ahmed Ali Khan. Pahelwan who was arrested on March 27 has been in remand at Chanchalguda prison.Police took Pahelwan into their custody on Thursday to produce him in Nampally Criminal Court on Friday. He reportedly made a statement saying that he was being made a victim of political vendetta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12658131", "title": "Petrol pumps to go on strike from April 23", "text": "PUNE: The 350 petrol pump outlets in the city will go on an indefinite strike from April 23 to press for higher commission for petrol dealers and to oppose oil firms from opening new petrol pumps indiscriminately.Another demand put forth by the dealers is that petrol pumps should be allowed to charge their customers for hitherto free facilities such as checking of air pressure, toilet and water services. All other petrol pumps in the country will follow suit, announced the All-India Petrol Dealers Association on Friday.The protest is against the oil ministry's failure to implement the recommendations by a government panel that was set up to address the grievances of fuel retailers in the country.Ali Daruwalla, spokesperson of the Pune Petrol Dealers Association, said, \"A high-powered committee was formed last year under the chairmanship of Apoorva Chandra, the then joint secretary in the petroleum ministry. The committee had recommended that the commission of petrol pump dealers be increased to Rs 1.85 per litre in case of petrol and Rs 1.08 per litre in case of diesel. In spite of the recommendation, the commission was increased to Rs 1.46 per litre in petrol and 0.80 paisa per litre in case of diesel.\"Daruwalla further said the panel had also recommended that petrol dealers could charge for services at the petrol pumps, such as provision of drinking water, toilets and checking of air pressure in tyres. \"Free provision of these facilities has been made compulsory. The strike aims to oppose that. We also plan to oppose the decision to open new petrol pumps in the city. Over the last one year, as many as 1,000 new dealerships have been advertised in Pune. Out of these, 600 Letters of Intent have already been issued,\" he added.He added that opening new petrol pumps indiscriminately will affect the sales of the existing petrol pumps. \"An Indian Institute of Management report states that 30% pumps in the country are running at losses. Opening newer petrol pumps will only worsen the situation ,\" said Daruwalla.Babasaheb Dhumal, vice-president, All-India Petrol Dealers Association, said, \"Petrol and diesel are costliest in Maharashtra due to various taxes, including octroi, which has been abolished in other states. With high cost of petrol and diesel, petrol dealers are demanding a 3% increase in commission.\" Dhumal added that the dealers are planning to sell all their stocks before the strike and go dry from April 23 to save losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12662301", "title": "Khirsara emerges as next big Harappan site in Gujarat", "text": "VADODARA: Khirsara in Kutch is emerging as the next most important Harappan site after Dholavira and Lothal in Gujarat. For the past three years, Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) is carrying out excavations at Khirsara. This year, the archaeologists have come across inter-connected huge rooms inside a citadel structure with beautiful steps, walls and a well revealing that the elite lived here almost 4,600 years ago.Archaeologists believe that Khirsara was probably important as it was located on the trade route from Sindh to other parts of Gujarat.\"The evidences so far reveal that Khirsara was an important Harappan post and a manufacturing hub in western Kutch. The easy availability of raw materials in the vicinity and its strategic location close to the Rann and the Gulf of Kutch probably prompted the Harappans to settle here in the third millennium BC,\" Dr Jitendra Nath, superintendent archaeologist (excavation branch) of ASI's Vadodara circle told TOI on Friday.The excavations at Khirsara have unearthed the structural remains of a fortified settlement, showing a systematic town planning. The remains are that of a citadel, a warehouse, a factory site and habitation annexes.It is a mature Harappan site with five structural phases. Carbon dating by Birbal Sahni Institute of Palaeobotany, Lucknow has revealed that the remains belong to 2600 BC to 2200 BC.\"The citadel, basically meant for the ruling or the elite class, was strategically located adjacent to the warehouse and the factory site in such a manner so that the elite class may exercise full control over the manufacturing and trading activities,\" said Nath.The residential structures of Khirsara are rectangular with interconnected rooms, door sills, pillar bases, hearths among others.\"The rooms in the interconnected complexes are large and there are steps suggesting a storeyed complex. This apart, there is a two metre pathway just near the inner fortified wall coinciding with the pathways of the early phases. They were raised to the present level due to floods of various magnitudes (from river Khari),\" he said.\"Another unique feature of Khirsara is the recovery of the largest variety of reserve slip ware, which is not only larger by quantity compared to other Indian Harappan site but also in terms of variety,\" said Nath, adding that in terms of antiquities, disc type gold beads discovered from Khirsara are unique.Last year's discovery of shell working areas and inlay hoard in the 'factory site' had testified that Khirsara was a manufacturing hub for shell bangles, inlays and beads. This year, the archaeologists have excavated another interesting structure - a well with a diameter of 3.10 metre with channels - at the heart of the citadel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656867", "title": "Nagpur university vice chancellor to get new set of wheels", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University, that is facing a financial crunch, doesn't mind spending on new luxury vehicles for its bosses even though present one is in good condition. The NU has proposed to purchase a new Skoda car for vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal, sources disclosed.Its purchase committee has already green signalled the purchase and the proposal would come up before Management Council meeting on April 17.Though newly-appointed PRO Prashant Mohite couldn't be contacted, finance and accounts officer (FAO) Puran Meshram stated that though Skoda car was finalized by the purchase committee, he was not sure of its price. \"The proposal is before the Management Council. Only after its approval, will the new vehicle be purchased,\" he clarified.Though the agenda for Management Council's forthcoming meeting doesn't mentioned what NU would be doing with the Honda City that V-C uses at present, Meshram stated that car would be given over to registrar Mahesh Yenkie as his Ambassador was very old. \"NU had to spent lot of money on maintenance of old vehicles. Those would be sold following due procedure,\" he said declining to comment further.Sources said the Honda city was purchased in 2005 for Rs 8,59,590 along with an Ambassador for pro-VC for Rs 5,20,092. It had stirred up a controversy as NU had spent Rs 10,000 and Rs 4,000 respectively extra to get VIP numbers for the vehicles.There was actually no proposal for even purchasing a vehicle for pro-VC. Citing audit reports, Prakash Bansod had filed a petition in High Court alleging several financial irregularities. He had claimed that NU failed to sell old vehicles and still purchased new ones, thus wasting money. When the issue again created furore in NU Senate, Pathan had offered to pay Rs 10,000 spent for the VIP number.Sources said on the one hand NU had hiked the exam fees citing financial crunch while on the other, it was spending precious money on luxury vehicles. Sapkal has also sought permission from Management Council to visit Germany for an international conference from June 18 to 22. He is supposed to present a paper there and chancellor has already sanctioned his leave.Among other issues to be discussed in MC meeting are proposals under 12th five-year plan, sources revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659068", "title": "DV Sadananda Gowda to tour drought-hit districts visited by B S Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa on Friday submitted his drought report after touring Gulbarga and Bidar districts, the second leg of drought tour by chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda will start from April 17 and focus on the same places - Gulbarga and Bidar .Yeddyurappa, in his report to Gowda , has highlighted scarcity of drinking water in two districts of Hyderabad-Karnatak region, besides asking the CM to free lake encroachments in Kolar. Gowda told reporters that there were two phases in the drought scenario -- before and after February. \"Drought before February was different. After the month, there has been severe shortage of drinking water,\" he said.An all-party meeting has been convened on April 19 to discuss the drought situation. \"Before these, I am participating in the internal security meeting headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi on April 16,\" he said.Lokayukta AppointmentFollowing the high court quashing Justice Chandrashekaraiah's appointment as Upa Lokayukta, the chief minister hinted that the appointment process of a new Lokayukta would be delayed. \"There's little confusion on the consultation process in appointing Lokayukta and Upa Lokayuktas. The HC has made some observations on the consultation process. The government needs more clarifications on this and legal experts' opinion will be taken,\" he said.Bidari's CaseThe CM also said the government was in the process of consulting legal experts on the clarifications sought by the Supreme Court on former DG&IG; Shankar M Bidari's appointment to the top post of the police force. Rapping the government over Bidari's appointment, the SC on Thursday sought clarifications on certain issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "12656603", "title": "India, Russia, China unite on North Korea", "text": "MOSCOW: Foreign ministers of India, Russia and China on Friday asked all parties in the standoff over North Korea to show restraint after Pyongyang's much-heralded rocket plunged into the sea after sparking global concerns.\"We are convinced that the reaction to these challenges needs to be exclusively diplomatic and political,\" Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said alongside his Chinese and Indian counterparts after a meeting here. \"We call on all parties to show maximum responsibility and restraint and to make efforts for a renewal of six party talks.\"The statement at the end of the trilateral meeting - also known as RIC - between Lavrov, S M Krishna and Yang Jiechi came just hours before the UN Security Council was to meet in New York to discuss a possible condemnation of the launch. Now, opposition from veto-wielding China and Russia means new sanctions are highly unlikely.Though Russia criticized North Korea for its defiant attempt to launch the rocket and China said it was \"concerned by North Korea's decision\", the two big powers of the region, along with India, seem to have blocked any possible unilateral action - trade restrictions or military action - by western powers against North Korea.This is the second time in two weeks that the RIC powers have taken a joint stand on an international issue, challenging the western position. At last month's BRICS summit meeting in New Delhi, the five emerging powers had taken a collective position on the Iranian nuclear standoff and the Syrian crisis, rejecting any unilateral action against the two countries.Now the RIC nations' collective position on North Korea shows that the balance of global power is tipping slowly and subtly. \"The current international environment is witnessing dynamic shifts and volatile trends, which shall eventually delineate the contours of the future global scenario. India, Russia and China believe that they have a major role to play in addressing the global challenges,\" Krishna said at his joint presser with Russian and Chinese foreign minister.\"Our meeting today was yet another important occasion for the three sides to exchange views on several issues of common interest. We also reviewed cooperation among our three countries within the framework of other regional organisations such as BRICS, G-20 , SCO and the East Asia Summit Process,\" the minister said in his opening remarks at the joint press conference. \"The Joint Communique issued today reflects our common understandings on a range of issues and the decisions taken,\" Krishna said.But the RIC trilateral is not all about muscle-flexing by the emerging powers. According to sources, who have been part of negotiations, besides strategic issues, the meeting also sought to consolidate cooperation in areas relating to disaster relief, agriculture and public health, communication among academic, industrial and business communities. \"The purpose of this meeting was to build on the understanding achieved at the BRICS meeting and review their position in the light of latest developments in these two flashpoint countries as well as in North Korea,\" said a source.Though the details of the communique are still awaited, it is clear that the RIC powers have achieved a lot of understanding on issues of mutual interest as well as matters of global concern. But that does not mean everything is hunky-dory between India and China and China and Russia. In the run-up to the RIC trilateral, China exchanged barbs with both India and Russia over oil exploration in the South China Sea. At an aside here today, Krishna and the Chinese foreign minister discussed bilateral issues, including the South China sea row, and the next steps to resolve the border dispute between the two countries.The South China sea issue had taken an ugly turn last week when Beijing took an exception to Krishna referring to South China Sea as the \"property of the world'' and calling for \"trade-ways to be kept free from any national interference''.\"We hope to resolve this issue with China at the bilateral level even as our engagement with China at BRICS level and in trilateral meetings continues,\" said an Indian diplomat.The last trilateral meetings were held in Wuhan, China, in 2010 and Bangalore in 2009. The 12th RIC foreign ministers meeting will be held in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12658013", "title": "Police take action against three hookah parlours", "text": "PUNE: The social security cell of the crime branch on Friday took action against three hookah parlours - on Moledina Road and M G Road in Pune cantonment and at Ajmera colony in Pimpri.Senior inspector Bhanupratap Barge said the action was taken after various complaints. \"We have filed cases against 28 people, including hookah parlour owners, managers, employees and customers, and have seized equipment to the tune of Rs 13,725,\" Barge said. The cases, filed under the Cigarettes and Tobacco Act, 2003, will be sent to the court for taking further action, Barge said.The police will recommend cancellation of licences of these parlours if found committing the offence again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656606", "title": "Preliminary work on Mankapur ROB underway, National Highway Authority of India says", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking cognizance of not adhering to its directives, the high court here on Friday summoned Central Railway's Divisional Railway Manager ( DRM) on April 25.A division bench of justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Prasanna Varale asked him to be present with all documents and records regarding proposed railway overbridge (ROB) near Mankapur on Koradi Road.The court was upset that nobody appeared for railways nor anyone filed a reply on their behalf despite being served with the notice.The court's directives came on a petition filed by social worker Mohan Karemore alleging neglect of the Ram Ganesh Gadkari Memorial at Saoner on part of Maharashtra government. He had also filed an application through his lawyers-RB Pendharkar, Shrikant Khandalkar and Gaurav Belsare- raising the unending plight of commuters who daily travel on the road to Koradi and demanded a ROB at Zingabai Takli railway crossing.According to petitioner, National Highway No 69 leading to Ram Ganesh Gadkari Memorial faced severe obstructions due to railway crossing, through which over 200 trains pass everyday. Due to closure of gates, the traffic is severely affected at regular intervals and that leads to long queues of vehicles on both sides of the crossing. It sometimes takes a long time for the gates to open as many trains pass one after another, resulting in severe hardship to the public. He added that ROB was sanctioned long back but work had not progressed.Earlier, National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) filed an affidavit stating it had undertaken four-laning of Nagpur-Saoner-Betul section of NH-69 on design, built, finance, operate and transfer basis under its National Highway Development Programme ( NHDP). It admitted that though the ROB was sanctioned, work could not be started due to non-availability of land from encumbrances and non-clearance by Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).NHAI informed that there are six ROBs to be constructed on 174 km stretch and pre-construction activities were in progress. It stated that the lease for the land had not been executed yet between them and the railways and ROB's structural design was yet to get clearance.The highway authority added that tree cutting would not be a hindrance while shifting of pipelines would involve supervision of NMC, ZP and Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran. It stated it received stage-I clearance by the forest department and MoEF and the work had begun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12657139", "title": "Reserved reactions from Cong, BJP", "text": "KOLKATA: The 'Sonar Kella' mail that 'hurt' chief minister Mamata Banerjee and railway minister Mukul Roy has managed to touch raw nerves in Delhi, too. Aware of the importance of Trinamool Congress - especially in the upcoming Presidential elections - top leaders of both Congress and BJP refused to read \"too much\" into the incident though privately they admitted that it was best to \"forget\" about such \"pot shots\" and \"look forward\".Congress spokesman Manish Tewari said their party always believed in the freedom of expression granted by the Constitution which was intrinsic to the democratic ethos of the country. He, however, added that he had no first-hand knowledge of the incident and therefore it would be inappropriate to make any sweeping statement.Senior BJP leader Shahnawaz Hussain admitted that people in general enjoyed a democratic right to discuss \"burning\" political issues. Adding that the party did not usually read too much into a cartoon, he said there was a need to create democratic space. \"However, you cannot hurt someone's feelings in the name of poking fun. I have not seen the cartoon and therefore not in a position to comment,\" he said.Taking the 'extreme' example of the Danish newspaper cartoon that raised a serious debate around the world, he said it was important that personal space is not violated in the name of rights.Another Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi was extremely cautious while reacting. \"I will not comment on the issue until our office collects full information,\" he said. The national secretary of BJP, Vani Tripathi, however was more forthcoming in her observations. \"Though I have not seen the caricature, I believe no one has the right to take law in their hands. The professor should not have been manhandled. Having said this, attacking politicians in an obscene manner cannot be accepted. However, a final opinion can only be passed only after I have seen the caricature,\" said Tripathi.The CPM, presumably, termed the incident as an assault on democracy. \"The arrest is a clear assault on the right of expression. It is like very much what happened during Emergency,\" CPM leader Brinda Karat said. Her party colleague Md Salim said the police action is highly ridiculous and highly atrocious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "12658244", "title": "Businessman's car lifted", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: In an incident of carjacking miscreants targeted the owner of Sant Shoes of Chaura Bazaar, Sant Singh in Ferozepur Road at 4pm on Friday.According to SHO, Sarabha Nagar, Brij Mohan, they received information that three persons lifted the car from a petrol pump near Verka Milk Plant and Sant Singh, 75, was sitting inside the vehicle. Cops found the victim from a Ramgarh village near Sidhwan Bhet area as lifters dropped him there and fled with the car.He added, ''Sant was heading home when the driver halted the vehicle at pump for fuel. He left the vehicle for a few minutes when suddenly three miscreants came and fled with the vehicle.''Brij said according to the victim all accused were around 25 years of age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12658073", "title": "17,787 rickshaws have switched over to Compressed Natural Gas", "text": "PUNE: As many as 17,787 rickshaws - 39% of the total number of rickshaws in the city - have switched over to compressed natural gas (CNG) by March-end this year. CNG kits have also been fitted in 4,392 light motor vehicles (cars) in the city.According to the latest statistics available with the Regional Transport Office (RTO), around 45,000 rickshaws operate in the city, of which 17,787 run on CNG while another 8,134 run on liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). This makes for 57% of the city's rickshaws running on environment-friendly fuel.An RTO official said, \"Since the last couple of years, we have registered a significant increase in the number of applications for passing of rickshaws fitted with CNG kits. As many as 13,621 rickshaws opted for CNG kits in the last two years. Of these, 7,538 vehicles made the change in 2011-12 and 6,083 in 2010-11. The RTO received more than 560 applications every month.\"Baba Shinde, former member of the Regional Transport Authority (RTA), welcomed the decision of rickshaw-owners to go in for CNG. \"The government has made it mandatory for rickshaws to switch over to CNG. It is also mandatory for new rickshaws to have CNG kit fitted in them. Initially, there was resistance to CNG from among rickshaw-owners, but that has reduced now,\" he said.Shinde, who is with the Pune City Auto Rickshaw Federation, said the municipal corporation should expedite the process of disbursing CNG subsidy among rickshaw drivers.Rickshawman Raju Kadam said CNG was a cheaper option given the current prices of petrol. \"Running rickshaws on CNG helps us save money. Besides, CNG helps curb pollution,\" he said.However, Nana Kshirsagar of the Maharashtra Rickshaw Sena felt that the government needed to take urgent steps to provide adequate and regular supply of CNG at refilling stations. \"Rickshaw drivers have to wait in long queues at CNG stations, which affects their daily earnings,\" he said.There are around 15 CNG refilling stations in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad.Separate fares for autos using CNG soughtCommuter organizations in the city have said that rickshaws running on CNG should have a different fare structure from those running on petrol.Vishwas Sahastrabuddhe of the Sajag Nagrik Manch said, \"Besides a separate fare structure, rickshaws using CNG should also have a dedicated colour (like green) for their hoods. This will help passengers identify CNG-operated rickshaws. Passengers can avoid travelling in rickshaws that still run on petrol.\"Suryakant Pathak of the Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat said the proposal for a separate fare structure for CNG-run rickshaws has already been submitted to the Regional Transport Authority (RTA). The benefit of using the cheaper CNG should be passed on to travellers, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12656519", "title": "Experts express concern over Karipur airport take off delay", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Any further delay in completing the land-acquisition process for the expansion of the Karipur international airport would severely hamper the future prospects of the airport, according to speakers at a seminar held to mark the silver jubilee of the airport here on Friday.Inaugurating the seminar on airport development organized by the Calicut International Airport Development Society (CIADS), K Muraleedharan MLA said that acquisition of the 157 acres of land for airport development should be completed on a war footing.\"Karipur airport cannot afford to have any further delays in land acquisition as two more airports are slated to come up in Malabar soon. It would be difficult for the airport to sustain itself in the present condition once the airports at Kannur and Wayanad become operational,\" Muraleedharan said.He added that the airport offers poor passenger and infrastructure facilities.K Moidu, chairman of CIADS, said that the inordinate delay in completing the expansion works was posing safety risks as well. \" Karipur airport, which has a table-top runway, is considered as one of the riskiest airports in the country as the authorities have failed to complete the expansion works in time,\" he said. C E Chakunni, vice president of CIADS, said that there were just eight companies offering international flights from Karipur while 25 airlines were operating international flights from Nedumbassery and 20 airlines from Thiruvananthapuram airport.BJP leader P S Sreedharan Pillai and IUML district president P K K Bava spoke at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12658204", "title": "Over Ambedkar Parinirvan Bhumi, UPA gets ultimatum", "text": "INDORE: Enraged over delay in starting of the work for Parinirvan Bhumi, Dr Ambedkar Parinirvan Bhumi Samman-Karyakram Samiti on Friday gave a May 30 ultimatum to the government.\"Congress-led UPA government has failed to keep its promise of developing the memorial. If the work is not started by May-end, a nation-wide agitation on the lines of the Gurjar agitation of Rajasthan, would be launched,\" said Indresh Gajbhiye, Chairman of MP Scheduled Castes Commission.Gajbhiye was in city on the eve of Ambedkar jayanti to be celebrated in Mhow.\"The NDA government had sanctioned Rs 100 crore for developing the Parinirvan Bhumi during its regime, but the Congress government seems to have spent it on some other work. The issue was emotive and various organizations cutting across party lines have come together fight for the cause,\" said Gajbhiye.He said there are four important places for Ambedkarites in the country viz Dikshabhumi in Nagpur, Chaityabhumi in Mumbai, Mhow which is the birthplace of Dr Ambedkar, and Parinirvan Bhumi. \"Though the other three have been developed, Parinirvan Bhumi has become a victim of negligence of the government,\" he said.About a solution to stop scavenging among Dalits in the state, the chairman said that he was studying the figures provided by the government officials and would look into the complaints. The state government maintains that scavenging has been eradicated from across the state. However, sundry NGOs claim that the practice still prevalent in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12662627", "title": "2,400 candidates to contest in Delhi civic polls tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: 2,400 candidates will vie for voters' attention in the capital on Sunday when Delhiites go out to vote for the municipal elections, an exercise tipped as a semi-final ahead of next year's assembly polls.The polls to the 272 wards in the three civic bodies -- East, North and South -- carved out of the existing Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) will begin at 8am and ends at 5:30pm. The counting of votes will take place on Tuesday.With campaigning ending at an unusual time of 5:30am on Saturday, political parties and candidates, a large chunk of them Independents, spent a sleepless night wooing voters at the last minute.The municipal polls is seen as crucial for Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit and Congress as well as opposition BJP with leaders believing that it could be an indicator for what is in store for the Assembly polls which is 18 months away.BJP, which has 164 councillors in the undivided MCD against Congress' 67 and BSP's 17, harps on alleged corruption by Dikshit government while Congress is targeting the saffron party on its \"inefficient and corrupt\" administration in MCD.The run-up to the polls also saw some embarrassment for BJP when one of its candidates, a sitting councillor, was arrested for allegedly murdering a partyman, who was opposed to him. Councillor Madhav Prasad was granted bail on Friday.A total of 1.12 crore eligible voters will exercise their franchise in the polls which include 42.95 lakh voters in North Delhi Municipal Corporation, 42.67 lakh voters in South Delhi corporation and 27.16 lakh voters in East Delhi corporation.There are 104 each wards in South and North Corporations and 64 in the East, of which 138 seats are reserved for women. South has the highest number of 904 candidates followed by North (885) and East (634).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12658339", "title": "Private schools up ante against RTE Act in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: The Supreme Court upholding the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009 or Right to Education Act (RTE) has upset the private school managements in Madurai.While activists like Henry Tiphagne, who is the state representative of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights for RTE in Tamil Nadu - have hailed it as a landmark judgment, the school managements are sore over certain clauses in the act. The particular cause of concern is the ruling that all schools irrespective of the board they are affiliated to should admit at least 25% students from socially and economically backward families. These students will be guaranteed free education from class I till they reach the age of 14.\"We will obey the Supreme Court judgment. But we fear that there would be a rift between the parents and the school management while enforcing the act. There will be a deluge of parents seeking to admit their children claiming to be socially and economically backward. The government should properly define who constitute socially and economically backward students,\" said A R Ramanathan, correspondent of Dolphin School.Ramanathan points out that while the fee fixed for private schools was Rs 4,500 per year for a student up to ninth standard, the government was spending Rs 16,000 for a student in government schools. \"If that amount is given to us as reimbursement we will be happy,\" he said.The school managements also raise doubts about the government reimbursing the expenditure for the 25% students who would be given free education. The schools will get a subsidy from the government for giving free education (65% of the subsidy will come from the Centre and 35% from the state).\"How are they going to compensate the fee? If free meals need to be given to those students, who will spend for that?\" asks A Jayapaul, president of Madurai Matriculation Schools Correspondents Forum. There are about 150 matriculation schools in Madurai and all the schools are already on a battle with the government to raise the fee structure. \"I strongly believe that students from socially and economically backward sector are the same in efficiency and skill like any other student. Inducting them into a classroom and teaching them is not a problem, unless the government duly compensates for the education of those 25% students,\" Jayapaul said.\"There is a clause in the act that says children should be admitted in the schools in their neighbourhood. It must be enforced. Otherwise, parents would prefer private schools that are quite far off even if there are government schools in their proximity,\" said another correspondent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12648349", "title": "Imtiaz roots for Shahid", "text": "It's true. First impressions are almost always the most lasting.Director Imtiaz Ali and wife Preeti have decided to cast their blue-eyed boy Shahid Kapoor as leading man in a film Preeti is producing for UTV Motion Pictures, which is a remake of the 2009 South Korean flick My Girlfriend Is An Agent. Interestingly, Bosco of Bosco Caesar will make his directorial debut with this film.A source close to the project told Mirror, \"Imtiaz was very happy with Shahid's work in Jab We Met. Bebo and he got a lot of taalis in the film. Shahid's role won many accolades. It wasn't an easy role but he did it with so much conviction. Ever since, Imtiaz has wanted to work with Shahid. Preeti too loved his acting in the film.\"As for Shahid, he has simply loved the offer, the source revealed, adding, \"The modalities are being worked out. He may not do UTV's Hindi remake of Vettai but he might just do this film for them now.\" Despite repeated attempts, Imtiaz remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657359", "title": "IIM-A faculty resigns", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Faculty of Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A), Rajanish Dass, who had approached the high court after the institute accused him of plagiarism, has chosen to resign from his post at the institute.Confirming the resignation, dean of academic affairs at IIM-A, B H Jajoo said, \"He left on April 2.\"Last year, a fact-finding committee, with professors Errol D'Souza and Tathagata Bandyopadhyay, was set up by IIM-A to conduct a preliminary inquiry on accusations of plagiarism against professor Dass. In its report to IIM-A director Samir Barua on February 3, the committee concluded that allegations against Dass were \"valid\" and he has resorted to plagiarism in three papers. Confirming his resignation, Dass said, \"I submitted my resignation due to health issues on April 2, which was accepted by IIM-A on the same day.\"Dass has been on medical leave from the institute since the time he had approached HC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12657771", "title": "Crime against elderly on rise in city: Patil", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Friday admitted that crime against senior citizens was on the rise in Mumbai.\"Cases of elderly people being killed are on the rise,\" home minister RR Patil said while replying to a query during the question hour. The query was raised by council member S S Shaikh.\"In 2010, four senior citizens were killed. The number rose to seven in 2011,\" Patil said.Shaikh had sought to know the measures taken by the state home department to ensure the safety of senior citizens. In his reply, Patil said, \"Police officials have been asked to create a database of senior citizens living in their jurisdiction and conduct regular meetings with them. Officers have also been asked list out dos and don'ts to senior citizens during their interactions. The Mumbai police have started a separate helpline for senior citizens. The elderly can either call on 103 (special senior citizen helpline) or on 1090 to lodge a complaint.\"Meanwhile, in a reply to another query raised by Parshuram Uparkar, Jaywant Jadhav, Ulhas Pawar, Patil said that the police solved 18,196 of the total 32,191 cases registered in the city in 2011. \"Of the total cases registered in 2011, 16,417 pertained to thefts,\" Patil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12648834", "title": "Mallika's item song in 'Tezz' not needed: Priyadarshan", "text": "Bollywood bombshell Mallika Sherawat's latest item number 'Laila' in Priyadarshan's forthcoming action thriller, 'Tezz' has not apparently gone down well with the director as he says it was not required and was added just for promotions.\"I never wanted the item song in the film but the producers (Ratan Jain of Venus) said we are a musical company and hence it came in the film. They went ahead with it and producers naturally are always right as they spend money all the time. I did not want to do it, so they shot it without me, but that is fine,\" Priyadarshan told PTI in an interview.\"The song in 'Tezz' is not needed. It is placed without any connection. But such things they do for promotions.. and that is what they mean. 'Tezz' is not a musical film.. it is an action film, so they feel item songs and all are important for promotion. So I don't know whether they are right or me,\" he said.Mallika is seen grooving in a copper outfit to the item number sung by Sunidhi Chauhan , choreographed by Ganesh Acharya and composed by music duo Sajid-Wajid. Reportedly, three names had cropped for this song ? Mallika Sherawat , Sameera Reddy and Jiah Khan .The filmmaker insists he is not against the idea of having item numbers in a film but all he says is there must be reason for it to be part of the movie. \"I am basically against item songs, which are put in the film without any reason. I have also shot item numbers, but only when it is needed. It should go with the film and it should not stand separately without any connection with the movie,\" he said.With 'Tezz', Priyan has for first time dabbled in genre of action-thrillers. \"I made a thriller because this is something I have never done before. And that is basically because I believe in all kind of cinema.. if you like every kind of cinema then you can make every kind of cinema. I know I took some time to make a thriller but it never struck me. But I really wanted to do a thriller like Hollywood style,\" the director said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12657524", "title": "Opposition for review petition against court ban", "text": "JAIPUR: The Opposition on Friday demanded the state government to file a review petition against the Rajasthan High Court order that banned mining of bajri (sand) from the river banks, especially from the Banas river in Tonk district.Deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari raised the matter during Zero Hour and went on to state that the court order was leading to widespread discontent in the population as it has been hitting not only the government and private construction projects but also the livelihood of the lowest strata of society. The sentiment was echoed from the treasury benches, too, and Congress legislator Pratap Singh Khachariawas even demanded that the state assembly pass a resolution asking the judiciary to stay away from the legislature's domain.Industries minister Rajendra Pareek later informed the House that the state government has already filed a petition before the Supreme Court challenging the high court order and that the litigation would be heard on April 16.\"Chief minister Ashok Gehlot convened an emergency meeting to discuss the situation and instructed the top officials to effectively present the state's case to get the ban lifted by the Supreme Court,\" Pareek said.Mining of bajri, a special type of sand from river banks mixed with cement for constructing buildings, was banned across the state by the high court's division bench headed by chief justice Arun Kumar Mishra around a fortnight back. The court ban, which was passed after a letter petition and a public interest litigation were filed arguing against reckless mining activities, led to almost every construction project grinding to a halt in the absence of bajri.\"Around 5,000 trucks per day were transporting bajri to the construction sites, be it government or private. Thousands of daily wage labourers used to get employment at these construction sites. All this has come to halt. As such, there is widespread discontent among the people,\" Tiwari told the House.He emphasised that the material being essential for construction purposes, was now being sold in the black-market. \"A truck full of bajri that was earlier available for Rs 6000 is now being sold for Rs 40000,\" Tiwari said. The deputy leader of opposition argued that the court ban would create a \"bajri mafia\" in the state.The senior BJP legislator, who was the law minister in the previous Vasundhara Raje government, told the House how two orders of the Rajasthan High Court had caused inconvenience to the Jaipur residents a couple of years ago and the court finally passed a third order to undo the damage.\"A judge first ordered that the Ramniwas Bagh be closed for vehicular traffic and then ordered that grass be grown on this public park's roads. The city residents continued to suffer because of the court orders but no one listened. Then another judge who got caught in a traffic jam for hours near the park while on his way to Govind Devji temple, ordered that the gates be opened for vehicles,\" Tiwari said, as he emphasised that the judiciary ought to let the administrative decisions remain with the legislature.Jaipur Civil Lines' legislature Khachariawas joined in and said, \"Just as the legislature does not interfere with the works of the judiciary, the judiciary should not interfere with the works of the legislature. Even the Supreme Court has ruled to this effect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656679", "title": "Fearing public wrath, molester attempts suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Fearing public wrath, a 30-year-old man, who was caught molesting a minor girl, slit his wrist and throat at Deepak Nagar on IBM Road under the jurisdiction of Gittikhadan police station on Thursday afternoon.According to complaint lodged by the Std IX victim, accused Amit Yadav , a daily wager, knocked at her door around 12 noon and asked for cold water when her parents were away for work. A drunk Yadav told the victim that he had forgotten to fill water in the morning and hence had nothing to drink. The girl told the police that when she walked into the kitchen to fetch water, Yadav locked the door from inside and molested her.When Yadav tried to rape her, the girl gnawed on his hand and escaped. She ran out of the house screaming for help. Within minutes, neighbours gathered leaving no chance for Yadav to flee.Police sub inspector DS Dahatonde, who is investigating the case, said that the residents informed that as the girl narrated the incident to them, Yadav remained locked inside the house. He refused the open the door. \"Finally he stepped outside with a blade in his hand and threatened people that he would kill himself if anyone tried to touch him. When some of the men still walked near him, he slit his wrist first and later his throat. When people stepped aside, profusely bleeding Yadav ran away,\" Dahatonde said.The residents immediately alerted the police control room and also informed the girl's parents. By the time, the cops reached the spot, Yadav could hardly cover any distance and collapsed. While some passersby were about to take him to a hospital, cops reached the spot and rushed him to Indira Gandhi Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH).Police said alcoholic Yadav was also addicted to drugs. His wife had left him around three months back because of his addiction. \"He would spend all his earning on drugs and liquor. He used to bash his wife ruthlessly which is why she left him,\" another cop informed.Since then Yadav had been staying alone in a rented room at the victim's residence. Yadav, who had slipped into depression after his wife left, had started drinking even more.Gittikhadan police have registered a case of molestation and attempt to suicide against Yadav who is said to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12658189", "title": "12000 students to take Simultala school test", "text": "PATNA: Nearly 12,000 boys and girls of the state are likely to appear at the combined entrance test for admission to the prestigious Simultala Residential School, Jamui, on April 15.This residential school was set up in the state after the Netarhat School went to Jharkhand following the bifurcation of Bihar. Students clearing the entrance test are admitted to class VI in the school. The examination this year is being conducted by Chanakya National Law University (CNLU), Patna.CNLU registrar and combined entrance test convener S P Singh said that a preliminary test would be held from 1pm to 3pm on April 15 at 22 examination centres located at Patna, Madhepura, Begusarai, Ara, Nalanda, Muzaffarpur, Sitamarhi, Gaya, Darbhanga, Samastipur, Bhagalpur, Saran, Chapra, Jamui, Munger, Purnia and Aurangabad. Top 10% of the successful students of this preliminary test would qualify for the final test, which would be held at Patna on June 3. Finally, 60 boys and 60 girls would be admitted to the school.The process of admission would take place according to the provisions of the Bihar Reservation Act, said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "harcharan singh nagar", "code": "12658290", "title": "Bhanns celebrate dastar bandi of their sons", "text": "HARCHARAN SINGH NAGAR: Making the most of the auspicious occasion of Baisakhi, Bhann family of Harcharan Singh Nagar celebrated dastar bandi of their two sons on the day.Industrialist Harvinder Singh Bhann, 38, along with his wife Amandeep Kaur, 36, who is a homemaker, took his sons, Varinder, 16, and Amritjot, 12, to Gurudwara Charan Kawal Sahab in Machiwara near Ludhiana, for the ceremony.Here they solemnised the dastar bandi of Varinder and Amritjot following all family traditions. ''My elder brother Daljit Singh and wife Inderjeet Kaur along with my sister Ravinder Kaur and her husband Baljit Singh also accompanied us to the gurudwara for the ceremony,'' said Harvinder.He added, ''After the ceremony my family did community service and served langar. A prayer of Sukhmani Sahab was also organized at the occasion.''Amandeep said, ''There could not have been a better occasion than Baisakhi forsolemnizing the dastar bandi of my sons and when my husband shared the idea we all agreed immediately.''She added, ''We have gifted cellphones to both our sons on the occasion as a gift. They have also promised that they will wear a turban all throughout their lives.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661733", "title": "Twin delights for gourmets", "text": "Enjoy the best of both worlds as you usher in the Poila Boishakh and Baisakhi. Flatter your taste buds with the yummy Punjabi fare and dig into the sumptuous Bengali spread on offer at Kalash, The HHI, as you gear up for the New Year.Gorge on some Bhutta Da Kebab and quench your thirst with Aam Pora Sharbat; bite into some Topshe Mach Bhaja and, for a change of taste, dig into Machhli Patiala. Start with some Panch Mishali Bada and then move on to Murgh Tengri Kebab and Machher Roll. In mood for some classic Punjabi delicacies? Don't miss the Dahibhalla and the Dhaba Gosht Biryani. Sip some Beler Panna and beat the heat with Amritsari Lassi - all at the same time. End this hearty meal on a sweet note with some Kesar Rasamalai, Kulfi and Mishti Doi. As the platter is laid out on the table, live music will enthral the guests.Indulge in this gastronomic extravaganza from April 14-22 (On April 14 and April 15, the spread will be on offer for both lunch and dinner and April 16 onwards, the platter will be available just for dinner) to greet the Bengali and Punjabi New Year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12659079", "title": "Sonia's presence may woo Lingayats", "text": "BANGALORE: Going by the adage that no one is a friend or foe in politics, the Guruvandana (thanks-giving ) of Siddaganga Mutt seer Sri Sri Shivakumara Swamiji in Tumkur on April 28 is expected to see a meeting of AICC president Sonia Gandhi and former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa.According to BJP sources who are working for this get-together , the interface can happen when Sonia meets the seer to seek his blessings or at the luncheon session organized on the mutt premises after the Guruvandana. Notwithstanding the fact that Congress at the national and state levels has made corruption charges against Yeddyurappa an issue, speculation is that the meeting is for a long-term plan.Mutt sources said Yeddyurappa will not share the dais with Sonia. \"The former CM will be among other VIPS in the audience,\" they said.The only occasion where both can meet is the lunch session where selected dignitaries will be present. The Sonia-Yeddyurappa meeting will also help the latter in putting pressure on the BJP central leadership that he is building bridges with the party's enemy.All these years, Guruvandana of the pontiff used to be organized by minister V Somanna, who has a strong bond with the mutt. This year, mutt representatives took the initiative of holding the event. They are said have taken the help of Union ministers from Karnataka to invite Sonia.A reconnect?For the Congress, Sonia's presence is an opportunity to woo the Lingayats, in which the party has been unsuccessful all these years. Two decades and more has been too long a period for the Congress to be kept out by the Lingayats who constitute 22 per cent of the total population in Karnataka.Congress leaders hope the event will be beginning of the end of the hard feelings the community harboured after Veerandra Patil was unceremoniously removed from the chief minister's post with a mere announcement by former PM Rajiv Gandhi in October 1990 and the killing of former minister H Nagappa by forest poacher Veerappan.Though Sonia will share the dais with Suttur mutt seer Shivarathri Desikendra and Adichunchunagiri mutt pontiff Balagangadharanatha Swami along with governor H R Bhardwaj, the party feels the event is significant enough to send across the message of a reconnect with the community. The mutt has got the tag of being patronized by BSY which helped the BJP to garner Lingayats'support .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12656507", "title": "Two Union ministers spar over 'food for work' plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two Congress ministers, both known to be pro-poor, have locked horns over an unusual proposal. Union food minister K V Thomas has suggested that part of the wages under the job-guarantee scheme be paid in foodgrains. But, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh thinks the move could wreck the flagship scheme since it is an improvisation on the Food for Work programme of 1970s.The RD minister thinks MNREGA could go the 'food for work' way with corruption and pilferage taking centrestage, if foodgrains were to be introduced.As the two ministers, both known for their proximity to Congress leadership, spar over the proposal, insiders said the last had not been heard on the contentious issue. With the government stock levels rising by a substantial 21% over last year, and the state-run granaries holding 53.4 million tonnes as on April 1, 2012, the concerns about rotting food in government godowns is likely to heighten the pitch of the debate amid the approaching harvest season.The food ministry concerned about the stock levels in Food Corporation of India and state godowns had proposed that the government provide foodgrains to the beneficiaries who work under MNREGA. Under the MNREG Act the government can provide foodgrains worth up to three-fourth of the wages payable to a beneficiary. But this provision has not been used so far. Thomas suggested the idea to Ramesh after the heavyweights in the group of ministers on food rejected the proposal to increase off-take to states under the public distribution system (PDS).Last year too the outcry over rotting grains had created trouble for the UPA. And with the National Food Security Bill in early stages of the legislative process - and opposed vehemently by several friendly and opposition state governments - the Centre is stuck with limited options. Thomas' move is being seen as an 'innovative' step after the GoM cited fiscal constraints, while denying him the option of supplying more grains under the PDS.For Ramesh, whose ministry oversees UPA's flagship scheme, though the worries are borne out of previous experiences of corruption in the 'Food for Work' programme that had originated in states in the 1970s, but was launched as a nationwide programme by BJP in 2001. However, the BJP policy had raised severe allegations of corruption in the delivery of grains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12657747", "title": "Cop suspended for using stolen bike", "text": "MUMBAI: An assistant inspector attached to the Nagpada police station was suspended on Friday for allegedly using a stolen bike with a fake registration number to patrol the area.According to sources, Umesh Patil had been patrolling the area on a stolen Honda Stunner for the last three months. The bike, said sources, was \"gifted\" to Patil by police informers. The bike used to be parked near the Kamathipura police chowky and bore a Mumbai police sticker.Senior inspector Vinayak Sawade of the Nagpada police station confirmed Patil's suspension.Investigators have found that a retired BEST supervisor, who resides in Airoli, owns a bike with the same registration number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657380", "title": "Run for vote: Resident Welfare Associations galvanize young minds", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an effort to encourage first-timers to vote, Resident Welfare Associations organized a marathon 48 hours before the D-day.The marathon saw the participation of former hockey captain Zafar Iqbal and state election commissioner Rakesh Mehta who also flagged off the event. \"In the last municipal elections, Delhi witnessed an abysmally low voter turnout. People should take municipal elections seriously and RWAs have taken it up on themselves to educate citizens. Through this marathon, we want to reach out to the youth, specially first-time voters, as they are the future,\" said Keshav Aggarwal, one of the organizers.The marathon began from National Stadium and covered the India Gate roundabout. It witnessed the participation of 250 people. Even a sports team from the Army participated in the event. \"We didn't expect such a large crowd. We aren't supporting any political party and only hope that the marathon will galvanize people into casting their ballot and increase the voting percentage,\" said Rajeev Karkaria, member of GK-I RWA.The participants signed a pledge stating that they will vote on Sunday to make their city a better place. Painted banners with messages like 'Drive your point home' and 'Delhi come out and vote' were put on display. Kids did their bit by reciting poems urging people to vote. \"This time, RWAs want to participate in the functioning of the MCD. Cynicism may have set in but with such initiatives and support from the Election Commission, RWAs have become proactive. Two more elections are lined up in two and a half years. Municipal elections have been a learning experience and with time RWAs will become more active in the process,\" said Karkaria.Members of RWAs feel that the voter turnout in upscale colonies is very low. \"There is so much inertia among people of such colonies that they have given up. Only 22% residents from GK-I voted during the last elections. Our point is clear - either vote or get voted out,\" said Pankaj Aggarwal of Delhi Joint Front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "12656834", "title": "Pak livestock on Punjab CM's wishlist", "text": "ATTARI: There was much bonhomie, both in words and actions, as Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal asked his Pakistan Punjab's counterpart Shahbaz Sharif to send him dumbae (Afghan sheep) which Shahbaz had gifted Badal about 13 years ago when he had visited Pakistan along with former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.\"I need Afghan sheep and cows of the Sahiwal breed,\" said Badal during the inauguration of India's first integrated check post (ICP) at Attari.Turning nostalgic in his speech, Badal told Sharif and other Pakistani dignitaries of his college days spent in Lahore. \"Open the gates, there is no danger,\" he said while looking at Union home minister P Chidambaram. \"The one who has not seen Lahore was not born at all,\" he added.In a reciprocal gesture, Sharif said, \"Badal I forgot to bring chicken for you from Lahore.\"Going down the memory lane, they said thousands of people had lost their lives during the partition but time had come when they had to forget their miseries and move forward for a prosperous future.Sharif offered kabbadi diplomacy to normalize relations between two nations.\"We will invite you play 'kushti' at Lahore, Multan, Faislabad. We are neighbors for ever, no one can change geography. Only the god can but that will not happen. We should live as good neighbors and not as unruly ones,\" he said.Recalling his meeting with Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar, Sharif said, \"Though Pakistan side has not created matching infrastructure at their side of ICP, a large contingent of Pakistan businessmen have arrived at Attari.''Exhorting on shedding differences and hatred, Union commerce minister Anand Sharma said that it would be most unfortunate if both countries couldn't leave it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12657834", "title": "Cops ask temples to hike security", "text": "MARGAO: In view of the spate of thefts in temples, the recent being the theft at the Vithal Mandir, Margao, last Tuesday, the South Goa police have issued a security advisory for places of worship.Installation of CCTV cameras, deployment of security personnel, erecting door frame metal detectors, are some of the guidelines issued by the police in the advisory.The police have asked the temple managements to install alarm system and adequate CCTV cameras with at least 30 days storage capacity, at all access points, sanctum sanctorum and other strategic points, so as to bring the whole place of worship under surveillance.While advising the temple committees to deploy adequate number of security personnel at the temple, the police have instructed them to provide the security guards with a torch, 'lathi' and register \"which would be signed by the police on patrol duty, after checking the alertness of the security guards.\"The advisory further asks the temple committees to restrict the access points to the place of worship to a minimum. \"Ideally, one access point is easy to regulate,\" it stated.Directing that the cash from donation boxes should be collected on a day-to-day basis, the police have told the temple committees that \"in case there is no daily clearance of cash then the donation box should be fixed to the floor on concrete platform with proper locking system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12658746", "title": "Railway job for footballer", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The East Coast Railway has offered a job to national woman footballer Jhili Munda, boosting her financial prospects. \"The job will not only end my financial difficulties but also help me to play more and more football matches in both national and international levels,\" said Jhili, who used to roll bidis to support her family.The 20-year-old resident of Dhuturapara in Sambalpur town comes from a family of footballers. Her grandfather and father were popular players and participated in several matches to win laurels for Sambalpur. It was they who encouraged Jhili to play football from an early age.Jhili first came to the notice of football aficionados in 2005 when she scored 13 goals against Manipur in an under-17 girls' tournament in Chandigarh. \"I was happy to see the overwhelming response from football lovers when I helped the Odisha team to win the gold medal in the tournament,\" she said. In 2007, the budding player scored nine goals against Tamil Nadu in an under-19 tournament. She was also instrumental in Odisha's win in two national games in Assam and Jamshedpur in 2009 and 2011. She also represented the country and played an international under-19 match in Kualalumpur ( Malaysia ) in 2008 and again a friendly match with Bangladesh in Dhaka.But despite her bright career, she could not shake off her abject poverty.\"I am thankful to the railways for selecting her. It will definitely provide her strength to build up her career in football,\" said Jhili's coach Gangadhar Behera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656583", "title": "Beckoning new year with pricey \u2018kanikonna\u2019 twig", "text": "CHENNAI: On the eve of Vishu, the Malayalam New Year, 'kanikonna' (cassia fistula), the yellow inflorescence that blooms for the occasion, was being sold at Rs 25 a twig. But Malayalis - a few lakhs of them in Chennai - did not hesitate to pay and buy the inevitable flower for 'Vishukkani', the New Year morning assortment of vegetables, fruits and flowers in Malayali homes.Flower vendors said the price of 'konna,' also called 'golden shower,' was high compared to last year. \"During this period every year, there is a demand for 'Kanikonna'. Malayalis are willing to buy at any cost\" said a vendor in Anna Nagar. As fresh flowers were in demand, a few who couldn't get them settled for the plastic version which some shops sold.R Rajeswari, who has been celebrating Vishu in Chennai for more than 10 years, was not one among them. \"I cannot compromise on festivals. I buy 'Vishukkani' without checking the wallet. This time the fruits also cost more,\" she said. M Nanda Govind, president of the Confederation of Tamil Nadu Malayalee Associations, said around 10 lakh Malayalis live in the city. \"Because of the change in the blooming season, there is a shortage of Kanikonna in Chennai. Some people use other yellow flowers when they don't get it,\" he said.The traditional Vishukkani marks the auspicious beginning of the Malayalam year. Malayalis prepare 'Vishukkani' as the first object to be seen in the first morning of the month of Vishu. A puja is performed and sweets are offered to the gods. Older members of the family give Kaineettam (a token amount of money) to the younger members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12658790", "title": "Free heart check-up camp for children", "text": "HUBLI: A J Hospital and research centre, Mangalore and Rotary club , Mangalore east will jointly organize 'Hrudaya Bhagya,' a free heart check-up camp for children with cardiac problems from April 16 to May 15 at the out-patient department of AJ Hospital and research centre in Mangalore.Shivaprasad Shetty, marketing consultant of the hospital said children with problems like becoming blue on crying, recurrent respiratory infections, breathing difficulty and related problems can attend. Call 0824-2225533/ 6613333, extension 252.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12656550", "title": "An artist who transforms letters into portraits", "text": "KOZHIKODE: 'Centenarian icon of communal amity' may seem just a group of words to us, but for M Vijayan it means much beyond that. An artist from Kozhikode, Vijayan's tools are alphabets. He carves letters into beautiful portraits.His latest portrait is that of Zamorin P K S Raja, and he made it from the single sentence 'centenarian icon of communal amity'. It really was a rare birthday gift for the Zamorin, who celebrated his birth centenary a few days ago. Vijayan handed over the portrait to the Zamorin on Thursday evening.The eyes, nose, shirt, spectacles and even the wrinkles on Zamorin's face have been crafted using the alphabets in the sentence. Vijayan, a retired employee of the All India Radio, considered himself honoured to have got the opportunity to present such an apt gift to the centenarian.\"I spent 100 hours to complete the portrait,\" said Vijayan. He said it was an exciting experience crafting the image of a person who had strived for communal amity.\"I have been sketching the images of singers by scribbling down their songs,\" he said.Before starting the work on Zamorin's portrait, Vijayan had completed the images of Kishore Kumar and Mohammed Rafi. \"I worked continuously for ten days to complete the portrait of Kishore Kumar,\" said Vijayan. An ardent fan of Kishore Kumar's songs, Vijayan used the first lines of 125 hit songs of Kishore to complete the image of the singer.\"It was a painstaking job painting Kishore's curly hair. I had to rotate the paper in several directions several times to get the curls right,\" said the artist.His eyes were drawn using the letters in the song \"ankhom mein humne aapke sapne sajjye hai\" and \"aapki ankhom me kuch mehaki hue se raaz hai\", and Kishore's teeth were etched using the letters in the song \"pal pal dil ke paas tum rahti ho\".Most of Vijayan's favourite songs have found a suitable location in the portrait.It was a rare gift for Zamorin PKS Raja when M Vijayan, an artist with a difference handed over a different portrait to him, on Thursday evening. The Zamorin might have received large number of portraits as gifts from his friends and artists, but to get a portrait which is made using only a single sentence \"Centenarian Icon of Communal Amity\" was a rare and exciting experience for the Raja, who celebrated his birth centenary a few days ago.The eyes, nose, shirt, spectacles and even the wrinkles on the face of the Zamorin crafted by the artist using the English alphabets used in the sentence 'centenarian icon of communal amity'brilliantly fit to the elegance of present Zamorin. Presenting an apt gift to the centenarian, Vijayan, a retired employee of All India Radio considered himself honoured.\"I spent 100 hours to complete the portrait of P K S Raja,\" shared Vijayan adding that he was excited to craft the image of a person who strived for communal amity. \"I have been sketching the images of singers by scribbling down their songs,\" he said.Before starting a portrait of Zamorin Raja, Viajyan completed the images of Kishore Kumar and Mohammed Rafi. \"I had to work ten continuous days to complete the portrait of Kishore Kumar,\" shared Vijayan. An ardent fan of Kishore kumar's songs, Vijayan used the first lines of 125 hit songs of Kishore Kumar to complete the image of the singer.\"The most difficult portion of this painting was his curly hair which was drawn by rotating paper in several directions several times to get the curly hair effect,\" said the artist. His eyes are drawn using the hit songs describing lover's eyes as \"ankhom mein Humne aapke sapne sajjye hai\" and \"Aapki ankhom me kuch mehaki hue se raaz hai\" and his teeth are drawn using the song \"Pal pal dil ke paas tum rahti ho\". Most of his favourite hit songs have found a suitable location in this portrait.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12658874", "title": "Mysore takes to tennis in a big way", "text": "MYSORE: In a country where cricket is a religion, Mysore is emerging as a nursery for tennis. Every once in a way, talented tennis players have from the Royal City. In recent times, more kids are playing the game and even opting for special one-on-one programmes.Earlier, many parents would think twice before sending their wards for tennis, saying it's a rich man's game. But that has changed. Mmany parents not only send their children for regular tennis coaching but also send them for special one-on-one training sessions, which cost Rs 200 to Rs 300 per hour. On weekends, most coaches here are busy and booked well in advance. Parents are more concerned their children to get the best training.Senior coaches like Raghuveer of Raghuveer Tennis Academy and R Nagaraj of Nagaraj Tennis Centre say Mysore is the ideal and cheapest place to learn tennis. Mysore has more quality coaches compared to other places, they add. Last year, there were four AITA tournaments in Mysore, but this year, the city will host more national and state ranking tournaments. A few years ago, there were few participants from Mysore at the national and state tournaments but this has gone up now. On an average, 50 entries are received for these tournaments, adds Nagaraj. The increase may also be due to the fact that promising players like Poojashree Venkatesh and others have done well, Nagaraj pointed out. Parents are giving importance to individual games rather than team games, he said. Poojashree was trained by Nagaraj. Most clubs here have laid synthetic courts. Mysore Tennis Club tops with five synthetic courts, apart from a clay and cement court. Players like Prahlad Srinath, Rohan Bopanna , Poojashree Venkatesh, MV Abhayprakash, Mohit Vijaykumar, N P Raghuveer, Chaitanya Srinivas, D R Jayadeva, R Nagaraj, Neeth Devaiah and Suraj Prabodh have made the city proud with their achievements. The city has also produced international referee Sagar Kashyap, the 23-year-old white badge chair umpire, and youngest Indian to officiate at Wimbledon.Mysore Tennis Club played a very important role in shaping the career of many tennis players and the club has been promoting the game actively. Children below the age of ten can play free after paying admission fee of Rs 1,000 per year. \"It's perhaps the cheapest tennis club in the world given the kind of facilities, support and atmosphere ,\" adds coach Nagaraj.The club was started in August 1969, behind the Chamarajapuram Railway station. Raghuveer Tennis Academy which has very good infrastructure with eight clay courts, the highest in Mysore, will conduct many number AITA tournaments from June this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12656788", "title": "Two women arrested for 'trafficking'", "text": "NASHIK: The Sarkarwada police have arrested one more woman in connection with a case where girls were sold to rich customers outside Nashik. Pournima Sunil Trikone (39) of Lonar Galli was arrested by the police on Friday.Since the past couple of weeks, the Sarkarwada police were on the lookout for the main accused, Jaya Sharma (35), in the case. Sharma was said to be selling girls from financially poor families to rich customers in Aurangabad.Two such girls, one from the Lonar Galli area of the city and the other from the Ramwadi area, were said to have been sold to customers after they were promised a bright future and marriage in Aurangabad. Sharma has been absonding from the time a complaint was lodged against her, which posed a major challenge to the city police.However, the Sarkarwada police finally managed to catch up with Sharma on Thursday. On Friday, the police also nabbed Trikone, the other accused in the case. Both the accused were produced in a local court on Friday, which then remanded them in police custody till April 17, the Sarkarwada police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12658194", "title": "Pak migrant families fear eviction from Central Coalfields Limited land", "text": "RAMGARH: Hundreds of families who immigrated from Pakistan during the Partition, are worried about the eviction drive being carried out by the Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) following a high court directive.They are apprehensive of being rendered homeless if they are evicted from the CCL land holding as they have left their native villages in Pakistan and settled near coal mines.Approximately, 500 Pakistani families have been residing in the dwellings constructed on CCL land for the past six decades. Some of the labourers, who once worked in the mines, are survived in the region by their dependants and offsprings. Migrant citizens held a meeting in Bhurkunda on Monday and discussed their future as they have no place to live if they are evicted.They have also decided to approach Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal and chief minister Arjun Munda seeking rehabilitation packages. Ashok Kumar Chouhan, whose father the late Roshan Lal Chouhan, left his native village near Lahore (Pakistan) during the Partition in 1947 and came to Bhurkunda in search of employment in coal mines, said that migrant families have decided to approach the Prime Minister, coal minister and chief minister.In the Bhurkunda coalfield region, hundreds of families will be rendered homeless and they will have to spend their nights under an open sky. \"Pakistani migrant families who have settled in cities like Ranchi, Jamshepur and Dhanbad are happy as they have their own houses, business and jobs, but the families that came to the coalfields are poor,\" said Chouhan, adding that they have small business.Pushpa Devi (65), a widow residing in a slum constructed by her husband on CCL land, said her familily migrated from Pakistan during Partition and came to Bhurkunda. Now she is quite worried about her future if the family is evicted.\"We can't return to Pakistan after six decades as we are now citizens of India,\" said Pushpa Devi, adding that Indian families have the option of returning to their native villages, but those from Pakistant don't have that advantage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12658854", "title": "Domestic help steals to pay brother's medical bills", "text": "MUMBAI: Mounting medical bills of his terminally-ill brother pushed a 30-year-old man to steal jewelry worth Rs 7 lakh from his employer over eight months. Rafique Shaikh was arrested and booked for robbery by the Nagpada police and was remanded to judicial custody at Arthur Road jail.Police said Shaikh was a domestic help with Nagpada businessman, Eijaaz Sidiquee (46), for 10 years. In April, Siddiquee discovered some gold jewelry missing from his cupboard locker. \"He complained on April 4. He said he didn't suspect anyone and had faith in his servant as he had been with the family for several years,\" said V Sawade, Senior police inspector of the Nagpada police station.\"Shaikh said his older brother had blood cancer and was receiving treatment at Tata Memorial hospital. The doctors had recently told him he was in his last stage and needed expensive medical intervention,\" said Sawade. The police recovered all the stolen items and returned them to the owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12657496", "title": "Confusion over implementation persists", "text": "MUMBAI: While the Right To Education Act now makes it compulsory for schools across the country to reserve 25% seats for students from economically backward classes in their neighbourhood, schools are relieved the rule will be effective only in the next academic year.Most city schools have already finished their admission process at the starting level and were worried they might have to start all over again if the rule is imposed from this academic year. \"Our state government is known for slapping new rules on schools and colleges at the last minute. Thankfully the judiciary acknowledged our problem and set the deadline for the next academic year,\" said the principal of a suburban ICSE school.While the Act stipulates that 25% of the total seats are to be reserved for students from economically weaker sections, schools are still not aware of how the procedure is supposed to be implemented. \"There is no clarity on how children are supposed to be selected. Neither do we know what we need to do if some seats go unclaimed from the reserved category,\" said Rehana Salamat, principal of Anjuman-I-Islam Allana English High School. Many principals were upset that even two years after the implementation of the RTE, authorities are still confused about basic procedures, leaving schools and parents confused too.\"The least our government could have done is spread enough awareness about RTE so that once implemented, parents would contact schools themselves. Only a handful of parents form the weaker sections might even be aware of such a right,\" said Jayant Jain, president of Forum for Fairness in Education (FFE). He also added that the government needs to come up with a very strong mechanism that ensures students get admission into schools without any hassles and are not discriminated against once they start attending regular school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12658255", "title": "H1N1 patient from Dhule dies in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A 23-year-old pregnant woman from Dhule, who was undergoing treatment at Byculla's J J Hospital, succumbed to the H1N1 virus on Thursday. The death highlights the BMC's laxity in maintaining surveillance: though the patient died at 11.30am on Thursday, the civic body was in the dark for 24 hours.Dean of J J Hospital Dr T P Lahane said that the woman was admitted to the hospital on Tuesday. \"She was in the eighth month of her pregnancy. She was in a critical condition and on life support when she was brought to us,\" he said. The patient was undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Dhule, where according to state officials, she was already started on Tamiflu.\"She had developed Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS) and was also suffering from pneumonia. Both her lungs were affected in a condition called bilateral pneumonia,\" said Dr Shailesh Jadhav, professor and head of unit, medicine, J J Hospital. A day before she died, she delivered a stillborn child, said doctors. \"Her deteriorating health prompted gynaecologists to induce labour. The foetus was already dead,\" said Lahane.All medical personnel from the unit who treated the 23-year-old have been put on Tamiflu as a precaution.Her H1N1 reports where she tested positive for the influenza virus reached the hospital only around 5.30pm on Thursday--six hours after her death. Civic authorities claimed that they were kept in dark about the case till Friday morning. Lahane, however, said the BMC's health department was informed about the death on Thursday itself.Executive health officer Dr Anil Bandivadekar said that \"technically it was not a Mumbai death\". \"If the patient is from Mumbai, hospitals are supposed to keep us in the loop as we have to check the relatives and those in the vicinity for any kind of infection. But otherwise, hospitals have a window of 24 hours to inform us,\" he said.The victim's family claimed the body and left for Dhule on Thursday itself. State epidemiologist Dr Pradeep Awate said that in the last two months also, the virus has claimed the lives of 18 people across Maharashtra. \"Pregnant women belong to the high-risk group. We advise anyone with the slightest of symptoms to go and see a specialist,\" he said.This also happens to be the first H1N1 death to be reported from Dhule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12658896", "title": "Parking lot out of bounds for people", "text": "MYSORE: The problems of motorists at KSRTC bus stand has compounded with the parking lot there being out of their bounds. Mysore district minister S A Ramdas, who on Friday took a serious note of the matter, said he will initiate action against the officials and others concerned.This comes after the minister, accompanied by Mysore MP Adagooru H Vishwanath, visited the bus stand on April 2 and they were complained about the fleecing of motorists at the parking lot. The motorists were charged Rs 10 at the entrance, which is violation of the norms. There were complaints that the tariff, specified by the KSRTC, being flouted.As a follow-up, KSRTC officials issued a show-cause notice on April 3 and KSRTC Mysore divisional controller (rural) T R Naveen did a reality check on April 10, when he said the problem is addressed. But the next day, the public protested, complaining of exorbitant charges collected at the parking lot and asked for using the cellar for parking of public vehicles. On Friday, the motorists were told that the parking lot is full -- a board put up at the entrance to the cellar parking read 'Parking full.' Taking note of this, Ramdas said: \"I'll look into it.Street Vendors' WoesStreet food vendors, upset over the MCC's ban on their trade, petitioned Ramdas, who said he will resolve the crisis next week. He has convened a meeting on April 18 to discuss with MCC top brass and the officials of health and family welfare department and some vendors. Leader of the street food vendors, Manjunath Doddamane, met Ramdas and asked him to bail them out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12656227", "title": "Three more suspected H1N1 cases in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Three new patients suspected to have contracted the H1N1 virus have been admitted to the Civil Hospital, thereby taking total number of suspected cases in Nashik to 10.Medical officers at the hospital said out of the seven patients admitted there, while three tested positive for H1N1, the remaining four patients, including a nursing student of the hospital, have tested negative.Of the three admitted recently, one is a 27-year-old from the Rana Pratap Chowk area, another a 50-year-old from Niphad and the third a nursing student of the hospital. These three are now receiving treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656856", "title": "Strict Maharasthra state board measures of little help", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite a slew of measures to check menace of malpractices during HSC and SSC examinations, the Maharashtra State Board has failed to keep a tab on increasing number of such cases. In six districts coming under Nagpur division, the number of cases has shown a rise of 76 in HSC exam while it declined by just six in SSC exams.The division is infamous for such cases and topped the rogue's gallery among all eight divisions for the last many years. Last year, Amravati pushed it to the second spot with 942 cases in both exams while Nagpur division was having 740 cases. A total of 3,264 students were caught from the state engaged in unfair means during the exams last year and the board officials apprehended that the number may rise this year.State board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav refused to comment, stating that they were yet to receive complete figures from all divisions regarding malpractice cases. Nagpur division chairman Chandramani Borkar however confirmed the rise in number of such cases stating that their strict approach had resulted in more number of students getting caught. \"We concentrated on centres where the number of repeaters is more and also on notorious centres. Such centres were frequently visited by the flying squads during exams which resulted in more number of students being caught,\" he said.Sources said the board had started its anti-copying drive since last two years which led to decline in passing percentage last year. Moreover, awareness and counselling drives were launched to discourage students from resorting to unfair means during exams.HSC, SSC timetable on June 15Board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav told TOI from Pune that like last year, this year too the timetable for the HSC and SSC examinations would be declared before the commencement of next academic session. \"We will be declaring exam dates on June 15 when the new academic session starts in the state. It will help the students and their teachers in planning their studies accordingly,\" he said.He added that the board was making all out efforts to declare the results at the earliest. \"We're biggest board among all states with as many as 35 lakh students. Only Uttar Pradesh comes close to us. To evaluate answer-sheets of such big number of students and then making data entry is a tedious task which consumes most of the time,\" the board chief said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12657172", "title": "Jagan assets case: Dharmana grilled", "text": "The CBI on Friday questioned R&B; minister Dharmana Prasada Rao and former revenue secretary Samuel in the Jagan assets case. The minister was reportedly questioned about the 9 GOs that were issued by the revenue department during his earlier tenure as revenue minister. He has reportedly faced as many as 28 questions regarding land allotments to projects such as Vanpik, Penna Cements, Mantri Developers, Ramky, Raghuram Cements , India Cements, etc.The CBI was trying to obtain the objective behind the issuance of these GOs. \"As a disciplined citzen, it is my duty to extend my cooperation to the probe agency,\" Dharmana told the waiting mediapersons during lunch hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656732", "title": "Court notice to state, RBI on cooperative bank irregularities", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Bench of Bombay high court has issued notices to the Maharashtra government and others over a petition alleging inaction over massive irregularities in Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSCB).A division bench of justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Prasanna Varale also served notices to National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD), Reserve Bank of India and state cooperatives commissioner besides MSCB. Anil Kilor pleaded for petitioner Jan Manch while Bharti Dangre represented the government.Citing audit reports, Kilor contended that some MSCB directors had allegedly distributed loans to sugar factories flouting all norms. The audit report from April 1, 2009, to March 31, 2010, pointed out many irregularities while distributing loans. As a result, the cooperatives commissioner replaced the bank management with administrative panel on May 7 last year.Kilor argued that MSCB had 67 officers, 145 clerks, and 130 other staff working at same place for five years whereas they should be shifted every three years as per rules.He claimed that due to the irregularities committed by the directors, MSCB had suffered huge losses and prayed for its recovery from those responsible. He also demanded an inquiry into entire episode and punishment to the guilty. He insisted on making the audit report by NABARD and cooperatives commissioner public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661418", "title": "Pakistani panauti Imagine TV ko kha gayi: Rakhi Sawant", "text": "The news of Imagine TV's closure has sent shock waves in the entire television industry and the celebrity, who's most upset with this turn of events, is none other than Rakhi Sawant , who had grabbed eyeballs in the reality show Rakhi Ka Swayamvar on the channel.Terrible newsRakhi says she's aghast that so many people will lose their jobs because of Imagine TV shutting shop. \"Maine channel ko kahan se kahan pahuncha diya tha! I and top channel guys like Samir Nair had worked hard to make my Swayamwar a superhit show with such high TRPS. Par ek Pakistani panauti Imagine TV ko kha gayi! I wish they had not touched her,\" says she referring to Pakistani actress Veena Malik, whose much-hyped Swayamwar is now in doldrums.Hope for takeoverVoicing her thoughts, she goes on to add: \"I really hope some other channel takes over Imagine TV. They should bring back Samir and along with him, I would like to do another dhamakedar show for the channel all over again, which will make the TRPs zoom! I pray to Jesus that all those who have lost their jobs, find good jobs and their families don't have to suffer!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12657384", "title": "E-security is a big challenge for online shoppers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The growth of internet and most importantly businesses dependent on internet has called for a different set of policing which can help maintain the web platform. With e-commerce seeing new heights, the need now is to have a sense of security, for the customers and companies as well.\"The most important thing that comes to my mind when I go for buying online is security of my data. I have apprehensions in revealing my debit card numbers and hence most of the time I opt for cash-on-delivery service,\" says Mohit Singh, a Lucknow University student. The idea is not unique. Most buyers feel that government's role in enforcement of cyber laws need to be further intensified. Talking about the industry trends, CEO Appin Security, Rajat Khare says the e-security scenario is at a good state now but the need is to have experts doing their job professionally.\"E-Security is already at its boom and is a big business. Internet companies loose on an average 2% of revenue on transaction frauds, 10% of spent on internet advertising frauds and have been shut down in the past due to security breaches. Securing confidential customer data requires integrating security at every level. For that experts are required,\" says Khare.Hacking today has become an organized crime &amp; there have been countless cases of hackers extorting e-commerce companies for large sums of money. A survey by e-marketing technology company Octane finds that a majority of India marketers (36%) wanted a code of conduct by an industry body like IAMAI while 31.5% of participants believed that stronger anti-spam laws in India (like CAN-SPAM) would curb the SPAM campaigns.E-companies are still looking for better governmental regulation. \"Ecommerce is yet to achieve a wide spread acceptance in India primarily because consumers harbour a 'lack of trust' due to personal or financial information being potentially compromised. McAfee's latest threat report suggests that the first half of 2011 has emerged as the busiest in malware history with an approximate 12 million unique samples discovered,\" says product manager, McAfee Labs, Vinoo Thomas.Government's inability to track the flow of information on the internet and implement strict laws has been a bane for e-commerce. \"More than cyber laws being inadequate, its enforcement is a bigger problem. We need to educate judges, lawyers and law enforcement to tackle the same which is not the case. I think we as a nation should adopt nationalised cyber security programs on a larger scale to be able to adequately implement the cyber laws,\" adds Khare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12658906", "title": "Stem cells can be tweaked to hunt &amp; kill HIV", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a major breakthrough in the fight against AIDS, scientists claim to have for the first time shown that human stem cells can be genetically engineered to seek out and kill HIV-infected cells in a living organism.The study demonstrates for the first time that engineering stem cells to form immune cells that target HIV is effective in suppressing the virus in living tissues in an animal model, said lead scientist Scott G Kitchen. He added: \"We believe that this study lays the groundwork for the potential use of this type of an approach in combating HIV infection in infected individuals , in hopes of eradicating the virus from the body.\"In their previous research, the scientists took CD8 cytotoxic T lymphocytes - the \"killer\" T cells that help fight infection - from an HIV-infected individual and identified the molecule known as the T cell receptor, which guides T cell in recognizing and killing HIV-infected cells.In their latest research, the scientists at California University similarly engineered human blood stem cells and found that they can form mature T cells that can attack HIV in tissues where the virus resides and replicates.They did so by using a surrogate model, the humanized mouse, in which HIV infection closely resembles the disease and its progression in humans . In a series of tests on the mice's peripheral blood, plasma and organs conducted two weeks and six weeks after introducing the engineered cells, the scientists found that the number of CD4 \"helper\" T cells - which become depleted as a result of HIV infection - increased, while levels of HIV in the blood decreased.CD4 cells are white blood cells that are an important component of immune system , helping to fight off infections . These results indicated that the engineered cells were capable of developing and migrating to the organs to fight infection there, the 'PLoS Pathogens' journal reported.\"We believe that this is the first step in developing a more aggressive approach in correcting the defects in the human T cell responses that allow HIV to persist in infected people,\" Kitchen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12657993", "title": "Textile trader murdered, body found with 19 stab wounds", "text": "SURAT: A badly mutilated body of a textile trader was found at Navdi Ovara near Tapi river on Thursday.Investigations revealed that the body was of Sunil alias Sunny Tulsiyan, 27, and he is suspected to have been killed a day or two before. Tulsiyan was stabbed 19 times in stomach, chest and leg. He was identified from the Sai tattoo and a thumb ring. His mobile phone and wallet were found on the body.During investigation, police revealed that Tulsiyan left his bike near Mahalakshmi Temple in Adajan area on Tuesday evening and was missing since then. Police found that he left the spot and went with a person. Police are yet to identify the person with whom Tulsiyan had gone.Tulsiyan was running a sari material shop in Adarsh Market in partnership since last four months. He was regularly into betting and dabba trading and had dues worth lakhs, his family informed police. A number of people visited him in last few days to collect the dues. Due to increasing pressure, Tulsiyan had not gone to his shop since last 20 days.Police investigation further revealed that an SMS was sent from Tulsiyan's mobile phone on Tuesday evening that he is going to commit suicide by jumping in Tapi river. The SMS was sent to one of the Tulsiyan's friends. It is believed that the SMS was sent by the murderers to show the death as suicide.Police are collecting mobile call details of Tulsiyan to find out the person with whom he was in regular touch.Details of his last calls will also reveal the person's name who was in touch with him on the day of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656787", "title": "Railway Protection Force men caught red-handed evading octroi", "text": "NAGPUR: There had been many allegations of octroi evasion from railway station in the past. Evidence for it came on Friday when a squad of NMC's octroi department caught officials of Railway Protection Force (RPF) itself red handed while helping a trader evade octroi.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said no goods are supposed to be taken from the main entrance. Still, seven bundles of cloth were loaded on two vehicles from main entrance at 6.45 am on Friday. One vehicles had 'Government of India' sign on it.When stopped for inspection by NMC's squad led by octroi inspector Dhupe at Manas square, a sub inspector from RPF arrived and told the squad that the goods belonged to wife of a railway official and were for household use.The vehicles were allowed to go but the squad, sensing something fishy, discreetly followed it and saw two of the seven bundles being unloaded at Hotel Centre Point, Ramdaspeth. The squad again stopped the vehicles and enquired with the staff who now revealed that the goods were actually brought for an exhibition to be held at the hotel. \"Again, the same sub inspector arrived and asked the NMC squad to let the vehicle go. This time the squad got them to octroi head office at Cotton Market,\" Tiwari said.He further said the sub inspector produced a railway gate pass and bills of the goods. The goods were in the name of Archana Singh whom he referred to as wife of an official and were being brought from Andhra Pradesh. After the lady was contacted on phone, RPF official admitted it was evasion paid ten times the octroi due as penalty to get the goods released.But, the official also threatened NMC staffers that he would not allow the post at the station to function. Later, RG Nipsayya of RPF came to the octroi post and demanded to see the permission to run the post.Tiwari admitted that octroi officials also erred at first letting the goods go when told they belonged to a railway official's wife.Two senior officials contacted by RPF said they were not aware of the case and asked not to be quoted.Tiwari said, \"Goods are deliberately not released before 10 pm when the octroi post closes. After this, the goods are taken away without paying octroi. DRM Brijesh Dixit has said a meeting would be held on Tuesday to discuss the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "pyongyang", "code": "12657328", "title": "Rocket launch fails, North Korea eyes N-test", "text": "PYONGYANG: North Korea said its much hyped long-range rocket launch failed on Friday, in a very rare and embarrassing public admission of failure by the hermit state and a blow for its new young leader who faces international outrage over the attempt.The isolated North, using the launch to celebrate the 100th birthday of the dead founding president Kim Il-sung and to mark the rise to power of his grandson Kim Jong-un, is now widely expected to press ahead with its third nuclear test to show its military strength.\"The possibility of an additional long-range rocket launch or a nuclear test, as well as a military provocation to strengthen internal solidarity is very high,\" a senior South Korean defence ministry official told a parliamentary hearing.Within minutes of the early Friday morning launch, the US and South Korea declared it a failure. North Korea acknowledged that hours later in an announcement broadcast on state TV, saying the satellite that the rocket was carrying had been unable to enter into orbit.World leaders were swift to denounce the launch, calling it a covert test of missile technology and a flagrant violation of international resolutions prohibiting North Korea from developing its nuclear and missile programs. The UN Security Council \"deplored\" the failed bid to launch a long-range rocket but said it would continue talks on an appropriate response to the actions of the hermit state, US ambassador to the UN Susan Rice said.\"Members of the Security Council deplored this launch, which is in violation of Security Council resolutions,\" Rice told reporters, summarizing discussions among the 15-nation panel on Friday morning. She is president of the council this month.The rocket's destruction suggests the country has yet to master the technology needed to build long-range missiles that could threaten the US. Still, worries remain about North Korea's nuclear program amid reports that it may be planning an atomic test soon.Embarrassingly, the rocket flew for just a few minutes covering a little over 100km to explode over a sea separating the Korean peninsula and China, far less than the last rocket in 2009 that travelled 3,800km, alarming Japan which it over-flew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12656759", "title": "High court notice to National Tiger Conservation Authority, ministry of environment and forest", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Bench of Bombay high court has issued notices to National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), union ministry of environment and forest, state forest department, and executive engineers for Buldhana irrigation project. A division bench - comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Prasanna Varale - directed the respondents to file their reply before April 25.The court's response came while hearing a PIL filed by Ramdas Kothe and three other villagers from Sonala of Sangramour tehsil in Buldhana district who challenged construction of a dam which is within 10 kms of buffer zone at Pingali and Kamodh of the wild life sanctuary.Petitioners claimed that the proposed dam is contradictory to the guidelines issued by NTCA for preparing tiger conservation plan. They prayed for declaring construction of a project at Sonala as in contravention of the Constitution of India as well as NTCA guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12657887", "title": "Six artistes to be felicitated for excelling in tiatrs", "text": "PANAJI: As part of the Tiatr Day celebrations on April 17, Kala Academy in collaboration with Tiatr Academy of Goa will honour six tiatrists for their contribution to the field.Kala Academy chairman Vishnu Wagh told mediapersons on Thursday that among the tiatrists that will be felicitated are veterans like John Claro and Roseferns, and other eminent tiatrists such as Antonette de Calangute, Milagres de Chandor, Filipe de Sanvordem and Manohar Bhosle.Francisco D'souza, minister for urban development will be the chief guest while renowned tiatrist Master Vaz will grace the event as guest of honour.The tiatr Mog Mogan Jiye will be staged after the event.Wagh also disclosed that Rangmel-- the Kala Academy repertory company will be performing two English plays in Ireland, a first for any Indian repertory company.There will be seven shows of the plays titled 'Post Office' and 'Red Oleanders' at the Trinity College, Dublin. The plays have been written by Rabindranath Tagore and directed by Dr Savio Sequeira. The performances are organized by the Da Vinci Theatre Company, Dublin, and sponsored by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations, Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12658853", "title": "Now, flying high on cooking oil", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australian airliner Qantas on Friday flew the country's first commercial biofuel flight between Sydney and Adelaide using a mix of conventional fuel and refined cooking oil.John Valastro of Qantas said the flight on Friday morning was a commercial first in Australia, and would have produced far less carbon emissions than if conventional jet fuel were used. \"We're talking about a 60% reduction in overall life cycle of the fuel, so that's a substantial improvement,\" ABC News quoted him as saying.The biofuel component of the fuel used for the flight was from refined cooking oil.The report said Friday's flight has cost more than four times an equivalent flight using normal fuel, partly because of the shipping distance involved since the fuel came from Houston.Qantas said it absorbed the one-off cost because it was keen to highlight the need for an biofuel source, at a time when airlines and passengers are dealing with high jet fuel and carbon emission costs. Qantas chief executive Alan Joyce said government had given them $500,000 to fund a study into the feasibility of alternative aviation biofuels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12658316", "title": "Cultural centres have to change: Manmohan Singh", "text": "PANCHKULA: On the 25th anniversary of the North Zone Cultural Centre (NZCC), which was raised to promote national integration through art and culture in the background of militancy in Punjab, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Friday that it was time to change in order to become relevant.He was here along with UPA chairperson and AICC president Sonia Gandhi to inaugurate the silver jubilee celebrations of the centre which was set up in Patiala in 1985.\"In view of the new means of entertainment and technical advancements which have surfaced in the last 25 years, these centres would also have to change their work culture and content,\" the PM said in his inaugural address. The silver jubilee celebrations saw 2,000 folk and tribal artists, artisans and craft-persons showcasing their talents and products.In plainspeak by the PM, he quoted the recommendations of Mani Shankar Aiyar Committee, which was set up to review the functioning of cultural centres. \"The committee has found out that the cultural centres are concentrating mainly in urban areas. At least, 70% of their art promotion funds should be spent in villages, mofussil towns and slums. They should also concentrate on the art and craft forms nearing extinction. TV and internet should be used as new stages to preserve and promote art and culture,\" he said.Going down memory lane, Sonia Gandhi said, \"It seems as if it was only yesterday that Rajivji inaugurated the Patiala center in 1985. His visionary beginning to preserve national integration and our cultural heritage has now turned into a movement.'' She spoke passionately about preserving culture and supporting artists, both financially and socially, so that the country's cultural heritage is preserved for the coming generations.Addressing a gathering, consisting of mainly politicians, Union minister for culture and local Haryana MP, Kumari Selja, whose ministry handles the seven zonal cultural centers, presented some demands before the two most important political personalities of the country.\"Since this is my constituency, I hope that the government, which is planning to set up an innovation university in the state, should make Panchkula its location. The Yamunanagar-Jagadhari railway line which comes via Sidhaura should be extended to Chandigarh,\" Selja demanded, hours after the PM had inaugurated the Indian institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar in Haryana.Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda , whose political differences with Kumari Selja are one of the worst kept secrets in Haryana, hoped that the ministry of culture would organize a structured seminar on challenges to art and culture progress and promotion in view of glamour of IT and fast-paced life.The two dignitaries arrived late by nearly half-and-a-hour and left in the middle of a cultural programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661499", "title": "Nuns too watch my serial: Asha Sharat", "text": "Small screen celebrity Asha Sharat, better known as Professor Jayanti of the serial Kunkumapoovu, was in for the biggest surprise of her life while shooting for her first ever movie - Lijin Jose' Friday.There was no means of controlling the crowds who gathered around the sets to meet her. \"\"After finishing the shoots for my serial, I usually go straight back to Dubai where my husband and two children live. I was totally unaware that I had this kind of a following here,\"\" says Asha. But that wasn't all. While shooting nearby a convent, all the nuns came out to see her! \"\"My character in the serial has had an illegal relationship in the past and there are more of such instances in it. It was amusing to find that nuns too watch it,\"\" she quips.Many of those who meet her give her suggestions and tips, she says, as if they were talking to the character. \"\"Many have told me that my earlier, smarter avatar was better, and not to be anything less.\"\" But nevertheless, she thinks herself lucky to receive such adulationIn real life, Asha is nothing like her character; she used to be a professional classical dancer before she took to acting. The daughter of acclaimed danseuse Kalamandalam Sumathi, Asha still works as dance teacher at the Dubai government school. \"\"Because I shifted base to Dubai and owing to my shooting schedules, I do just one concert a month these days in Kerala. The reason why she decided to act in Friday is because there was \"\"something attractive'' about the film. \"\"It's a new director, a new theme. I play the character of an IT professional who adopts a child in the movie which revolves around the happenings of one single day.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12662400", "title": "Walking could be a useful tool in treating depression", "text": "LONDON: Walking can play a vital role in fighting depression, a study has claimed.The study in the journal Mental Health and Physical Activity showed walking had a \"large effect\" on depression.Vigorous exercise has already been shown to alleviate symptoms of depression, but the effect of less strenuous activities was unclear.One in 10 people may have depression at some point in their lives. The condition can be treated with drugs, but exercise is commonly prescribed by doctors for mild symptoms.Researchers at the University of Stirling scoured academic studies to find data on one of the mildest forms of exercise, walking. They found eight studies, on a total of 341 patients, which fitted the bill.The report's authors showed \"walking was an effective intervention for depression\" and had an effect similar to other more vigorous forms of exercise.\"Walking has the advantages of being easily undertaken by most people, incurring little or no financial cost and being relatively easy to incorporate into daily living,\" they said.However, they cautioned that much more research needed to be done. There are still questions over how long, how fast and whether walking should take place indoors or outdoors.Prof Adrian Taylor, who studies the effects of exercise on depression, addiction and stress at the University of Exeter, told the BBC: \"The beauty of walking is that everybody does it.\"\"There are benefits for a mental-health condition like depression,\" he added.How any form of exercise helps with depression is unclear. Taylor said there were ideas about exercise being a distraction from worries, giving a sense of control and releasing \"feel-good\" hormones.The mental-health charity 'Mind' said its own research found that spending time outdoors helped people's mental health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657411", "title": "Campaign last lap: Parties raise pitch", "text": "NEW DELHI: Campaigning reached a fever pitch on Friday as Congress and BJP heavyweights hit the streets to garner support for their respective candidates. Whether it was public meetings or press conferences, both parties spared no effort to take on one another. Making a last-ditch effort to woo voters, Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee fielded Union human resources development minister and Chandni Chowk MP Kapil Sibal to campaign on the last day.Taking a dig at BJP, Sibal alleged that instead of completing multilevel parking projects, the party has given the MCD \"multilevel corruption\".Sibal's remark served as the Congress' final blow to BJP. Over the last week, Congress has fielded bigwigs including Union sports minister Ajay Maken, Union minister of state for women and child Krishna Tirath and Delhi ministers Arvinder Singh Lovely, Harun Yusuf, Dr AK Walia, Kiran Walia and Raj Kumar Chauhan to take on the BJP. Though these leaders have released statements highlighting the failures of the MCD, they have steered clear of taking any questions related to allegations of corruption in the Delhi government. This despite the fact that Congress is banking on the Delhi government's performance to seek votes. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit herself has been addressing public meetings to gather support. West Delhi MP Mahabal Mishra, south Delhi MP Ramesh Kumar and Congress strongman Sajjan Kumar have also been campaigning.Taking the heat off the Delhi government - in the line of fire over irregularities in the process of issuing of regularization certificates to unauthorized colonies - the HRD minister squarely blamed BJP for the delay in regularization. The minister said that the urban development ministry had issued a notice in 2009 asking unauthorized colonies to submit their layout plan for regularization. \"The delay by MCD in clearing these plans has resulted in status quo,\" he said. Sibal listed poor conditions in schools and increased parking rates as some of the failures of the civic body. He also blamed the MCD for delay in redevelopment of Chandni Chowk when asked why development remained a distant dream in Walled City from where he has been elected MP twice.Not just Congress, BJP also made a pitch for its candidates. Senior party leaders Ravi Shankar Prasad and Shahnawaz Hussain, former Uttrakhand chief minister BC Khanduri, former chief minister of Delhi Madan Lal Khurana and national BJP secretary Vani Tripathi were seen canvassing in different wards.Former Delhi BJP president and MLA from Krishna Nagar Dr Harshwardhan organized a padyatra in all four wards in his assembly constituency. \"I have been out since morning. We need to connect with as many people as possible as today is the last day of campaigning,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657091", "title": "Naroda Patia trial over, verdict in June", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special SIT court on Friday completed trial in the Naroda Patia massacre case of 2002, and fixed June 30 for final verdict against 61 accused.Former minister Maya Kodnani and Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi were among those who were prosecuted by the Supreme Court-appointed SIT before designated judge Jyotsna Yagnik.In this incident, it is believed that 97 persons were killed on February 28, 2002 in the industrial locality of Naroda. As per the prosecution's case, 94 bodies were found, out of which 84 could be identified. Three persons are still in the list of missing.The city crime branch nabbed 47 persons and filed four chargesheets, but after the SC transferred the probe to SIT, 24 other accused were arrested including Kodnani. In all, eight chargesheets were filed in this case.Two persons - Tejas Pathak and Mohan Nepali - jumped bail, whereas eight of the accused persons died till date. While one person was discharged, one accused Vinod Marathe is still absconding.Special prosecutors Akhil Desai and Gaurang Vyas examined 327 witnesses and in all more than 500 documentary evidence were produced before the court. Those deposed before the court were 173 relatives of victims who were eyewitnesses, 41 panch witnesses, 17 officials, 42 doctors, 44 cops, one forensic experts and nine others.There were applications filed by witnesses to arraign cops like former commissioner P C Pande, JCP M K Tandon, DCP P B Gondia, Naroda PIs K K Mysorewala and V S Gohil and SRP officials in this case. The court may decide this issue at the time of judgment.Meanwhile, there were pleas filed for further investigation, but the court did not take any decision on them as SIT continued to maintain that further probe was underway as per the SC orders.This is one of nine cases that SIT probed on SC orders. The trial in the case began in 2009 and lasted for 37 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12657090", "title": "SCI ready to deploy more vessels to ICTT", "text": "KOCHI: The national flag carrier Shipping Corporation of India (SCI) is ready to deploy more vessels to the International Container Transshipment Terminal (ICTT) Vallarpadam, in case of increased cargo flow here.\"We have already deployed three vessels to ICTT. If there is increased cargo flow there, we will deploy more feeder vessels. There will not be any hold up of cargo to be transshipped from ICTT for want of feeder vessels,\" Anand Chopra, executive director (liner services) of SCI told TOI here. \"However as far we know, ICTT has no cargo backlog due to shortage of feeder vessels,\" he added.Chopra said the SCI would stick to its stand that ICTT should not be given cabotage waiver, as it would affect the business prospects of Indian flagged vessels.Meanwhile, SCI commenced its direct European service, touching Vallarpadam, with vessel - SCI CHENNAI - making the maiden call on Friday, a release from the Cochin Port Trust stated. The vessel route would be Colombo-Cochin-JNP-Mudra-Salalah-Gio-Tauro-Felixstowe-Hamburg-Antwerp- Gio Tauro-Colombo.The new service would facilitate direct loading for European markets from Cochin. The service brings in minimum savings of six days of transit time and considerable transit cost. Transit reliability for export containers to various European destinations would be ensured by avoiding dependence on Colombo. SCI CHENNAI is a mainliner of 4400 TEUs capacity and the routing would be one of its premier services. The CPT is extending concessional tariff to the service and the vessel calls would be charged at par with the Colombo rate.The success of the new schedule would build up direct volumes for Europe and it is expected that other lines will soon commence with direct service to other European markets, the release stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12658048", "title": "Man arrested for beating wife", "text": "PATNA: The police on Friday arrested one Rajnish Singh for mercilessly beating his wife, Sita Devi , at Jagdishpur under Bihta police station in Patna district.The police said that Singh, who was in an inebriated condition, started beating his wife after a quarrel with her. On getting information, the local police reached the spot and arrested Singh. Bihta police station SHO Vinay Krishna said that Sita has been admitted to a local hospital.Child rescued: A Patna Police team along with members of Women's Helpline restored a girl child, Shreya (6), to her mother after rescuing her from her uncle at Chitragupta Nagar under Patrakarnagar police station on Friday. City SP Kim said that one Neeta Verma (name changed) had left her in-laws' house after death of her husband in 2008 and was living with her parents at Patel Nagar under Shastrinagar police station. The SP said that the woman approached Women's Helpline complaining that her in-laws were not handing over her daughter to her. Kim said that on Friday a local police team along with members of Women's Helpline took custody of the child and handed her over to her mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12658639", "title": "Pleasant weather adds to festivities", "text": "LUDHIANA: Overcast sky and cool breeze made Baisakhi celebration all the more pleasant for residents. According to agro-meterologists the sky will continue to remain cloudy on Friday, with chances of rainfall due to western disturbances. An agro-meterologist at PAU, said, ''Western disturbances will continue to play their part and there are chances that they might bring rainfall. The temperature is likely to remain below 33 degrees celsius.Charanjeet Singh, private teacher of Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar, said, 'Last year around this time the temperature had already reached 40 degrees celsius mark but this time the temperature is less than 35 degrees celsius. This means that winter has prolonged and there will be some respite from hot summer weather for the next few days.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "12658274", "title": "Family: Doctors' negligence caused newborn's death", "text": "HAIBOWAL: High drama was witnessed outside a private hospital following the death of a baby boy during delivery as the parents alleged carelessness of the doctors on Friday afternoon.Kirandeep Kaur delivered a baby boy in a private hospital in Haibowal area on Thursday. According to investigating officer Pawan Kumar, the baby was breathing at the time of birth, but unlike a newborn baby he did not weep right after birth. The doctors also took it as a serious sign and referred the baby to another hospital, he added.Baby's father Gurdeep Singh said, ''On the advice of doctors we wanted to rush to another hospital but there was no ambulance available at that time.'' He added, ''We saw a private vehicle of a doctor standing in the hospital and requested the doctor to help take the baby to another hospital, but he ignored our request saying that vehicle was out of order.'' Following this Gurdeep Singh, who is an auto rickshaw driver, decided to take his baby to the hospital on his rickshaw, sources in police added. He said, ''Instead of sending qualified doctors along with the ailing baby, the hospital staff sent two ward boys. Unfortunately on the way to hospitalthe baby took his last breath near Aarti Chowk.''Pawan said, ''We would send a report about the incident to senior police officials and take appropriate action against guilty. The body has been sent to Civil Hospital for postmortem which would be conducted on Saturday.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12657209", "title": "Pulse polio programme on April 15", "text": "HYDERABAD: The second round of the national pulse polio immunization programme will be held on April 15. The programme will cover 9.26 lakh children in the age group below 5 years in the GHMC limits. District health authorities said that 3,200 booths would be set up and 66 mobile teams will also be deployed in Hyderabad.Authorities said that 1,001 slums have been identified as high risk areas and one polio booth has been arranged for each slum. Further, the mobile teams will be administering polio drops to all the children at construction sites, markets and religious places.Polio booths will be arranged at all the transit points including railway stations and bus stations. These booths will be working round the clock starting from the night of April 14 till April 18. Officials said that 12,800 personnel have been roped in from various departments for the pulse polio programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12657470", "title": "Borders blur as experts brainstorm on education", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first Aman ki Asha Education Committee meeting was held in the capital on Thursday to decide how India and Pakistan can collaborate for bringing reforms in education on both sides of the border. At a day-long meeting organized by CII, The Times of India, Pakistan's The Jang Group and Pakistan India CEOs Business Forum at India Habitat Centre, luminaries from both countries shared problems and achievements in their education sectors followed by some brainstorming for effective solutions.It was decided that Pakistan can use the CII's experience of upgrading the Indian Training Institutes (ITI) to revamp its own similar institutes. The committee members also considered starting exchange programmes for teachers between universities, colleges and later schools in the two countries. Indian members found that they could learn from some best practices of public-private partnership followed by Pakistan in the education sector.Besides this, both countries can share the best practices for skill development which is imperative to meet the future demand for skilled professionals.Dr Sudhir Kapur, co-chairperson, INDO-Pak sub-committee on education/skill development moderated the meeting. The president of Pakistan India CEOs Business Forum, Amin Hashwani, presented an overview of Aman Ki Asha which was followed by various presentations. According to Dilip Chenoy, CEO and MD, National Skill Development Council, they have a target of training 68.8 million people in the next 10 years. \"India and Pakistan have several common concerns like high school dropout rate and low involvement in vocational education,\" Chenoy said while adding that a new approach was required to address the gap which included social application of skills, linking education to employability and innovation. He also suggested creation of Indo-Pak skills partnership.Dr Ishrat Hussain, chairman of the Indo-Pak sub-committee on education/skill development and dean &amp; director of Institute of Business Administration, Pakistan, highlighted that low literacy rate of 59% and high dropout were serious issues plaguing the education system in his country. \"It's often said that increase the GDP allocation for education and all will be hunky-dory. However, I am sceptical. Unless we have all the hands on the deck, we can't resolve these issues in Pakistan. We need NGOs, public and private sector working together.\"Baela Raza Jamil, director programs, ITA, in Pakistan gave a presentation on school education in Pakistan and shared that 20 million children in Pakistan were out of school in a total population of 180 million.Pointing out the magnitude of challenges in India, Harpal Singh , chairman, CII National Committee on School Education, was quick to add, \"We have 180 million children enrolled in primary schools.\" He added, \"If we do not address the issue of gender in education, it will have deep implications.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656592", "title": "Now, UK off city student\u2019s job map", "text": "CHENNAI: Harshini Muralidharan, 23, of Chennai is pursuing a Masters' degree in environment and energy engineering in the University of Sheffield in UK, but she has no plans of staying on to find work there after her course. \"Opportunities are difficult to find and there are visa complications too,\" she says. \"So I plan to try my luck in India itself.\"However, most of her friends are in a quandary whether to stay or leave, she says. \"They study in other universities in UK and have been looking for jobs there to repay loans,\" she says. \"Although the new rule says that work permits can be obtained if one has an offer letter in hand, some of the companies they approached refused to give offer letters unless work permits were already issued. My friends in India who planned to apply to UK this year are now looking at other countries.\"When the UK government announced last year that the post-study-work-permit issued to non-Europeans on a student visa will be cancelled, a sizeable chunk of the student fraternity hastily changed their plans and diverted their applications elsewhere. The announcement came into effect on Friday.Foreign students in UK on a student visa must now apply separately for a work permit which will be issued only if they have a job offer letter that offers an income of more than 20,000 pounds per annum.According to Bhavna Bhavnani, director for Global Education Counseling, India, the number of applications in 2011-12 reduced by half as compared to the year before that. \"We cater to 37 universities in the UK and we have seen nearly 50% fall in applications,\" she said. \"Most people entering UK with a student's visa are really looking for jobs and some want to settle down there. With the government no longer offering any guarantees, the numbers are falling.\"With some of the community colleges with unclear credentials also barred from admitting foreign students, people who go to seek work in UK on the pretext of studying too have backed off in general, she added. Bruce Miller, dean of international affairs at Hindustan University in Chennai says that his students are seeking other options this year. \"We have had very few applications for UK this year,\" he said. \"The general trend has been to apply to US and Australia for masters in engineering courses and Malaysia for IT. However, for PhDs, UK still tops the list.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12657961", "title": "Action sought against Aurangabad SP", "text": "PATNA: The Engineering Services Co-ordination Committee (ESCC) on Friday demanded lodging of an FIR against Aurangabad SP, Dr Siddharth Mohan Jain, for allegedly opening fire at a junior engineer, Deo Nayak, on April 4.Committee's state president Rajeshwar Mishra said they had sent a letter to CM Nitish Kumar on April 11, drawing his attention towards the incident.Earlier, he said, the committee had sent separate letters to the chief secretary and DGP on April 7, seeking time to discuss the issue, but was yet to get an appointment.Aurangabad SP has, however, strongly denied the allegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12657795", "title": "All Goa Fishing Boat Owners\u2019 Federation wants fishing ban dates revised", "text": "PANAJI: Claiming that the fishing ban period has been strictly observed by them for the last several years and there has been no significant increase in the fish crop, All Goa Fishing Boat Owners' Federation (AGFBOF) on Friday demanded that the government should change the dates of the ban for the upcoming session.The state government had proposed that the earlier fishing ban---from June 15 to July 31 every year--- be increased to June 15-August 10 from this year onwards. Protesting this, an AGFBOF delegation met new fisheries minister Avertano Furtado on Friday and submitted a memorandum to him.\"The sea provides a prolific crop of solar prawns during the end of July up to mid August. We therefore request the government to revise the proposed ban period to May 31-July 31,\" the memorandum reads.Stating that a shortage of labour has promoted them to fit their trawlers with fishing nets and power blocks, AGFBOF member Menino Afonso said, \"We request the government to arrange a 50% subsidy for the purchase of nets.\" AGFBOF has also requested the directorate of fisheries to ensure that no permission is granted to any vessels powered with an engine above 160 BHP.Afonso also pointed out that the colour their vessels have to be painted in---pink---adopted by the government, is distasteful and asked that a colour that all boat owners approve of be chosen.AGFBOF also asked the government to take a serious note of vessels from Karnataka with high speed engines that encroach upon the territorial waters of Goa, thereby disturbing the bio-marine ecology.Furtado assured the delegation of looking into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12657149", "title": "Married woman set ablaze by lover in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Pinki Marwari, 28, a resident of Khodiyar Mandir in New Ranip, was set ablaze by her lover Pappu Marwari on Thursday night. She has been admitted to the civil hospital. Based on the statement given by Pinki to Sabarmati police a complaint of attempt to murder has been registered and Pappu has been arrested.Police officials said: \"Pinki is married and lives in New Ranip with her husband Kiran since the last five years. Kiran used to suspect that Pinki is having an affair with her old flame. When domestic squabbles peaked Kiran recently left Pinki and is now staying at his native place in Rajasthan.\"After this development Pappu started paying regular visits to Pinki's house, said police. During the last fortnight Pappu too started suspecting that Pinki is involved in another illicit relationship with another person.On Thursday night the couple fought bitterly over the issue. This testimony was borne by neighbours who heard the angry voices.During the fight, in a fit of rage Pappu splashed kerosene on Pinki and set her on fire. While he quickly made away from the place neighbours rushed in to help Pinki. Doctors said that the woman has suffered 50 per cent burns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12656580", "title": "Gangster arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a gangster, Khadir, accused in criminal cases on Friday.Khadir is the son of Chera alias Rajendra, who himself has faced several arrests and jail under Goondas Act.A police officer said Rajendra had left Chennai and settled in Madurai two decades ago. But Khadir stayed behind with his mother and brother in Vyasarpadi. He has been accused of kangaroo court, which are held by groups who dispense a rough and ready form of justice but are outside the bounds of formal judicial processes. \"They took law into their hands and delivered judgments,\" said a police officer. MKB Nagar police nabbed Khadhir and his associate Karimedu Anbu on Friday. In another roundup, police detained two rowdies Muthu (28) and Karthik (29) under Goondas Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12658165", "title": "No relief from mosquito menace in sight", "text": "PATNA: The tall claims of the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) about regular fogging in the 72 wards sounded hollow as there were only three fogging machines in the city to fight against the mosquito menace.The PMC commissioner, Pankaj Kumar Pal, told TOI that he had asked the circle executive officers to buy new fogging machines. But the officers said they had no information about any such order.The New Capital circle (NCC), Patna City circle and Bankipore circle have one fogging machine each which is insufficient to cater to the 72 wards. The Kankarbagh circle borrows machines from other circles.\"There is no fund crunch. I have already ordered the circle executive officers to buy new fogging machines as per their requirements,\" Pal claimed.On the contrary, executive officer of the NCC, Shashank Shekhar Sinha said he had not received any such order. \"There are 29 wards under the NCC and we have one fogging machine. We start fogging in a ward at 6pm every day. But it takes about a month to repeat it in the same ward. We are doing the second round of fogging in our area,\" he told TOI.Girijashankar Prasad, executive officer of the Kankarbagh circle said, \"There are only five wards under my circle. We have to borrow a fogging machine from other circles. We are unable to do fogging every day. I am unaware of any notification by the PMC commissioner to buy new fogging machines.\"Narendra Nath, executive officer of Patna City circle said, \"According to the norms, one ward should be fogged for at least three hours every day. But it takes a very long time to repeat the process in a ward. About 140 litres of diesel and 1.5kg of malathion are required to run the machine for three hours every day. It costs around Rs 4,500 per day.\"Commenting on the PMC functioning, a resident of Kankarbagh, Rohit Kumar, said, \"We are regular tax payers but the PMC concentrates only on the VIP areas where they do fogging every day. Many parts of the city are suffering from mosquito menace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-14"}
