{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076502", "title": "RS elections get a twist with entry of Pune builder", "text": "MUMBAI: The otherwise routine biennial election to the six seats of Rajya Sabha (RS) will be quite eventful following the unexpected decision of leading Pune builder Sanjay Kakade to enter the fray.Kakade confirmed his decision, saying that in view of support extended to him by a section of Independent legislators, he feels that it should not be difficult for him to win the polls. Kakade began his career as a vegetable vendor in Baramati, shifted to Chinchwad and worked his way up.The six-year term of Rajya Sabha members from Maharashtra - former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , Union minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla (both Congress), Bal Apte (BJP), Manohar Joshi (Shiv Sena), Govindrao Adik and Ranjitsinh Mohite Patil (both NCP) - ends in April.While Deshmukh is likely to re-nominated, there is strong opposition to the candidature of Shukla on the grounds that he is an outsider. \"We feel the high command should ensure that a senior Congress leader from the state is nominated to the Rajya Sabha instead of imposing an outsider on us,\" a senior Congress minister said.The BJP is unlikely to re-nominate Apte, a veteran advocate. In the zone of consideration are Rajesh Shah, son of industrialist Viren Shah, a former governor of West Bengal, Nagpur-based builder Ajay Sancheti, former MP Kirit Somaiya and Vinay Sahasrabudhe, who heads BJP's centre for political research.Shiv Sena too is unlikely to re-nominate Manohar Joshi. Though there was no confirmation, dalit leader Ramdas Athavale may be its nominee for the RS polls. \"We have been told that when RPI joined hands with the saffron combine, Athavale was promised that he would be considered for the RS polls. The final decision on Sena's candidate will be taken by Bal Thackeray ,\" a senior Shiv Sena leader said.Though the NCP had two members, Adik and Mohite Patil, it will be difficult to ensure elections of its two nominees. \"On the basis of the strength of the NCP, we don't think that we can win two seats in the Rajya Sabha. The party will decide its nominees,\" a senior NCP leader said.In the NCP, though there were two members, Adik and Mohite Patil, in view of the strength of NCP in the assembly, now it will be difficult for it to ensure election of its two nominees. On the basis of the strength of the NCP, we don't think that we can win two seats in the Rajya sabha. The party will decide its nominees,'' a senior NCP leader said.In the house of 288, Congress has the strength of 95, including 13 Independents, NCP has 75 (including Independents), BJP has 47, Shiv Sena, 45, and the MNS has 12. The remaining members belong to smaller parties.Sanjay Kakade is banking on support of independents and surplus votes of leading political parties. Significantly, 45 year old Kakade began his career as a vegetable vendor in Baramati, home town of NCP president Sharad Pawar , later shifted to Chinchwad as a small time contractor and then there was no looking back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "civil city", "code": "12078183", "title": "Parasa best spell proves worthy for team", "text": "CIVIL CITY: Ludhiana's victory in the U-19 Dhruv Pandove tournament final against Bathinda on Monday involved a instrumental performance from right arm medium pacer Paras Bhardwaj, who sent five of the key batsmen back to pavilion.Paras, 18, said he is delighted with the 'best ever'spell he bowled in the finals. Having taken up cricket professionally in 2009, Paras said he was confident of contributing a promising performance in this tournament. The young lad was fascinated with bat and ball since his childhood and found the needed motivation from his father Narinder Bhardwaj, who has been a constant support and wishes his son gets to play at international level soon. A Class XII student at KVM School, Paras said it was his first chance to play for Ludhiana in the U-19 category. He spends four hours every day at the Arya College ground training under coach Charanjeet Bhangu.\"I used to admire pacers all the time and had decided my role in a team quite early. My personal favourite bowler happens to be Praveen Kumar as I like the way he maintains the length and swings the ball,\" said Paras. Paras said he has been sweating it out at practice in order to realize his ultimate dream of sporting the blue jersey for India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "12076470", "title": "Rahul stays inside poll bus, disappoints voters", "text": "BAREILLY: Congress general secretary, Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday undertook a road show in Bareilly after the same in Bhojipur a day before. In a bid to garner support for his party and party candidates, Rahul travelled across the old and new city areas in a special bus.Campaigning aggressively to reclaim the lost territory in UP, Rahul's road show covered nearly 18 km and passed through areas like Satellite Bus station, Shymat Ganj, Roadways, Choupla, Police Line, Chowki Chauraha, Cantonment and then proceeded to helipad at Air Force station. People carrying Congress flags and garlands wanted to greet him along the route, but he remained inside his special bus and didn't come out to meet the people personally. Rahul was accompanied by Bareilly's mayor, Supriya Aron who is contesting from Bareilly Cantonment and Nawab Mujahid Hassan Khan from Bareilly seat. Earlier, Rahul was supposed to cross the areas of Kutubkhana and Bara Bazaar, but due to security reasons, he changed his bus route. A fleet of vehicles, partymen and supporters on two-wheelers and four-wheelers joined him in the road show.The mood of the public of Bareilly, especially youth, children and women folk who look up to Rahul as 'youth icon' was electrifying and people could be seen waiting in long queues, getting on roof tops of shops, houses and even trees to capture the glimpse of the Amethi MP, but their spirits dampened, when Rahul remained inside the bus throughout.On the contrary, Bareilly Mayor, Supriya Aron said, \"Overall the response was good and people got crazy to catch a glimpse of the Congress hero.\" Over the flip side, Rohit Sinha, who, in curiosity, stood for hours together to catch a glimpse of Rahul, said, \"I came here all the way from Moradabad to see and meet Rahul in the hope that he would interact with the people. But it was disappointing as he sat inside the bus and waved from there only.\"While moving to Sirouli in Aonla, where he was supposed to address a rally, Rahul Gandhi before boarding his chopper said, \"We are asking for an opportunity after 22 years in UP and are happy that the youth of the state are responding to our call. We would try our best to live up to the people's expectations.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078577", "title": "Defence picks holes in Borude rape case", "text": "MUMBAI: As the acquitted accused in the rape case of a Powai resident walked free on Tuesday , the defence said there were several loopholes in the police investigation as well as the prosecution's case . Shantabai Gaikwad , Mohanchand Shyam and Chandrabhan Gupta were acquitted by a sessions court on Mondayof rape and trafficking of a \"minor \" in 2010. The case initially had a fourth accused , senior police inspector Arun Borude , who committed suicide on December 29 , 2010, the day the charge sheet was filed in the case .On Tuesday , Gaikwad (43 ) and Shyam (47) left Byculla Road jail and Arthur Road jail , where they were lodged respectively . Gupta (51) was already out on bail . Giving out the verdict , the judge held that the alleged victim was not a minor in 2010, as claimed by the police .Defence lawyer Ramesh Singh argued that the prosecution's case had several chinks : \"The police got the age of the victim wrong , which was a big setback for the prosecution . Further , the prosecution did not examine in court the doctor who conducted the ossification (age determination ) test.\" Singh added that the statements of the alleged victim and her mother were contradictory .Singh said that no independent witnesses were brought on record to show that Gaikwad was involved in flesh trade . \"We did not examine any of our witnesses since , as the case progressed , we realized the prosecution's case would not hold,\" he said .According to the prosecution , Gaikwad took the alleged victim to Gupta and Shyam , who raped her . The prosecution on Tuesday said it could not comment on the case until the extended judgment copy was available . Following her release , when Gaikwad arrived at her one-room tenement in Powai's Filterpada , the youngest of her three sons , Saidutta , ran up to her , hugged her and sobbed uncontrollably . It was the first time in 16 months the 12-yearold was seeing her . Unlike his two elder brothers-Milind (19 ) and Sandeep (17)-Saidutta was neither taken to court nor to Byculla women's prison . \"It broke my heart to be away from him , but I did not want him to get involved in the legal and police hassles ,\" said Gaikwad . She complained that she was denied bail even though it was given to Gupta . \"The prosecution maintained that I had committed a heinous crime . But it was proven wrong . I was falsely implicated in the case .\"Gaikwad said that she knew the alleged victim since the latter used to frequent her home to watch television . \"I had no involvement in her life other than that . She was chatty and a sweet-talker .\" Gaikwad claimed that , before the case threw her life into disarray , she was a police informer and a housemaid . The case , she said , \"was a conspiracy hatched by the social worker who informed the police . I had met him a couple of times when I was running around to get my husband's pension . He tried to take the pension away from me and , when I refused , he filed a false complaint against me\" . \"The last 16 months have been a nightmare . I will fight for compensation ,\" she said .Gupta , meanwhile , said he had found solace in god . \"My life got ruined because of the arrest . My estate agency got shut down . But my family supported me and I had faith in the law ,\" he said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12078456", "title": "City conclave to promote sustainable development", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Global Initiative for Sustainable Development and Planning (GISDP)'s first national stakeholders' meet was held on February 20 at NECRD, IGNOU Guwahati, in collaboration with NRL Assam , United Nations Resource Centre, Mudra Institute of Communications Ahmedabad, Tata Institute of Social Sciences.With this conclave, the GISDP's aimed to intervene in the planning of loose collaborations and facilitate exchange of expertise between institutions from across the world for sustainable development of northeast India. P P Shrivastava, member of North East Council, said: \"More emphasis should be laid on the role of education to promote a culture of sustainability in the region.\"At the meeting, Subhash Garg, an IIT-Guwahati alumnus currently based in California, stressed on launching global dialogue to share insights and experiences on the urgency of both the developed and the developing world for a planetary vision of human sustenance. He also underlined that this vision needs to be worked out through local interventions in education, technology, industry and governance.Sujata Dutta Hazarika, NECRD member, said: \"The youth has to play a greater role in creating a global vision of sustainability and I appeal to the youngsters to take proactive steps in the intervention of any development model of the state. There is also a need for launching a similar initiative with participation of young leaders from the northeast for the sustainable development of the region.\"The other members present in the meeting were Sandhya Goswami of Gauhati University's political science department; Navaneeta Deori, assistant professor at Tata Institute of Social Sciences; Dwipen Bezbaruah of GU's anthropology department; Putul Bhuyan, project manager, with NERLP, NEC (Natural Resource Management and Environment); Rupam Kataki of Centre For Energy Research at Tezpur University; environmentalist Dulal Goswami and Anil C Borah, deputy director of NECRD, IGNOU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077725", "title": "Number of MBA-CET aspirants up in division", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the number of MBA aspirants has dropped alarmingly all over Maharashtra, the situation is opposite in six districts of Nagpur division. The MAH-MBA/MMS-CET on March 4 will see 356 more students appearing from the division, as compared to 8,870 last year. On other hand, the statewide numbers have plummeted by as much as 18%, with 85,000 students registering as compared to 1.04 lakh last year.With the Maharashtra government having already granted approval for the Common Management Aptitude Test ( CMAT) conducted by All India Council for Technical Education ( AICTE), this will be the last MAH-MBA/MMS-CET to be conducted by DTE.Joint director of technical education Gulab Thakre confirmed that number of aspirants had increased marginally in the division, where 59% seats remained vacant last year.DTE officials said that out of 9,226 registered candidates, 8,208 would appear from Nagpur, 630 from Chandrapur and 388 from Bhandara. In 2010, 11,600 had appeared for the exam while in 2009 there were over 19,000 aspirants.The exam would be conducted across 21 centres in the division, 19 in Nagpur and one each in Bhandara and Chandrapur. A total of 5,490 seats are up for grabs in 60 colleges in the division. Last year, around 2,677 seats had remained vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12076860", "title": "Govt move to to acquire edu trust\u2019s land takes a hit", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government's move to acquire land belonging to an educational trust for a new industrial complex came to naught with the Madras high court quashing the acquisition proceedings. The court also imposed a case cost of 20,000 on the state government.Justice Vinod K Sharma, allowing the petition of Sri Venkateswara Educational and Charitable Trust, Pudupet, concluded that the trust had been unnecessarily harassed and that its land sought to be acquired in violation of key statutory provisions.The government had issued notification to acquire 2,300 acres in Cheyyar taluq, Tiruvannamalai district, for a new project of the State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu (Sipcot).The education trust was formed with the object of running technical institutes, a dental college, a medical college and a pharmacy institution. The trust had already written to the authorities, including the district collector, to exempt its land from acquisition. Its request for exemption was accepted by the district collector in August 2007, based on which the trust had approached the All India Council for Technical Education seeking permission to start a new engineering college.The special commissioner for land administration and the Sipcot chairman accepted the recommendations of the collector and asked the government to remove 33.4 acres, belonging to the trust, from the acquisition plan.But a fresh show-cause notice was issued by the collector in February 2009 asking the trust as to why its lands should not be acquired for the industrial expansion scheme. Rejecting all the objections raised by the trust, a total of 2.5 acres of land was acquired.Setting aside the acquisition, Justice Sharma pointed out that the collector, who had earlier recommended exemption of the lands from acquisition, failed to exercise his statutory duties to arrive at an independent decision. Noting that he had not passed any orders rejecting the representations of the trust, the judge said he had acted as if he was subordinate to the special commissioner for land administration and Sipcot. He proceeded with a presumption that Sipcot had a final say in the matter, the judge said, adding that the procedure adopted was totally contrary to the statutory requirements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "tandur", "code": "12077504", "title": "Shiv Sagar dam, another lost hope for Ranga Reddy district", "text": "TANDUR: The only mini irrigation project in Ranga Reddy district, Shiva Sagar dam, continues to be a dream waiting to come true. The works on the mini dam have been bogged down due to design problems and escalation in costs.Curiously, Shiva Sagar dam was one of the very few projects which were formed as part of the much touted Jalayaganam. The proposed project on Kakaravani River was to be completed within 18 months of its launch in 2005 as promised by the then chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, but precious little has been done to complete the project even after seven years.While the administrative sanction was being delayed, the irrigation officials came out with new estimates. \"The project cost has gone up and there is no time limit set for completion of the project,\" district irrigation superintendent engineer S Dharma told TOI. There have also been several changes in the project design. \"We were hopeful of completion of the project. But it seems a distant dream now,\" Dornangula Narasimhulu, a farmer from Tandur, rued.Several political parties have been demanding the early completion of the project, which would benefit nearly 10,000 farmers of Tandur and Yanal mandals. \"The contractors in cahoots with the officials in delaying the project,\" Tandur MLA Mahendar Reddy alleged. Sources said that the project was very important to Ranga Reddy district as water utilization in the district for agriculture is very low at 9% when compared to that of 42% in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12078321", "title": "Stalin, Alagiri join hands in bypoll fight", "text": "SANKARANKOIL: In a show of strength here on Tuesday, brothers M K Alagiri and M K Stalin joined hands for the DMK's victory in the Sankarankoil by-poll.The two sons of DMK patriarch M Karunanidhi, who have been at loggerheads for a very long time, have apparently buried their differences and shared the dais at the party workers' meeting at Sankarankoil on Tuesday. They urged the cadres to work hard for the DMK's success in the by-poll.It came as a pleasant surprise for even party leaders when Alagiri and Stalin got down from two different cars but walked together chatting with each other into the meeting hall. The brothers even shared bonhomie on stage for over two-and-a-half hours. They were seated close to each other and were often seen discussing issues.While Alagiri addressed Stalin as his \"aruyir thambi\" (beloved brother) when he began his speech, Stalin returned the affection addressing him as \"annan anja nenjan\" as the cadres broke into a loud applause. \"Under the leadership of Anja nenjan Annan Alagiri, we should win the elections,\" said Stalin. Alagiri greeted Stalin saying he had come to strategise for the poll victory.The message was to say that the brothers were united in their efforts to ensure party welfare and also seemed an indication that the party was serious in its fight against its opponents.\"I will not leave the constituency from March 2 till the elections. None of you too should shirk your responsibilities. All of you should ensure the votes in your respective villages are polled for DMK,\" Alagiri told the gathering, after formally introducing the party's candidate Jawahar Suryakumar to the partymen.\"The AIADMK is confident that it will win the by-poll even after the power crisis, milk price rise and bus fare hike. We should teach them a lesson,\" he said.Stalin, who spoke later, also said the poll results should be such that the AIADMK was forced to mend its ways. \"In Tamil Nadu at present, not even the opposition leader in the assembly is free to speak. We cannot bring political change in the state by winning the Sankarankoil elections. But we should help people by ensuring the AIADMK mends its way,\" he said.After the meeting, that lasted from 10.30 am to 12.40 pm, Alagiri and Stalin inspected the party's election office in Golden Jubilee grounds.Senior DMK leaders including Duraimurugan, Periyakaruppan, Karuppasamy Pandian and Geetha Jeevan participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12078388", "title": "Four cases of forgery registered", "text": "BHOPAL: Police have registered four cases of forgery in Bhopal in the past 24 hours. In the first incident, a trader was conned by two promising a personal loan. In the second incident, a prime land was sold on the basis of forged documents.A person was duped of lakhs of rupees promising a medical seat. A priest of a temple filed a case of forgery against a person for collecting donation in the name of the temple in the fourth incident.The MP Nagar police said one Sameer, a marble trader, was duped by a man identified as Amit, and his female accomplice of Rs 70,000 by posing as employees of a private bank and offering a personal loan.In the second incident, in Nishatpura, the police said a forgery case was registered against Jeetu and another person in connection with a plot sale in Karond on the complaint two brothers, Sanjay and Harish. In another case, the Govindpura police said one Rajendra Rajput allegedly promised a medical seat to one Abhimanyu, a native of Raisen, for Rs 5.5 lakh. The victim was not selected in the PMT and he asked Rajput to return the money but in vain. In Misrod, the police said Rajesh Joshi was arrested on charges of illegally collecting donations in the name of a temple near Kamla Park. Mukesh Giri, the priest of the temple, had lodged a complaint against Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080970", "title": "You can\u2019t recreate Munni: Malaika Arora", "text": "Malaika Arora Khan talks about not doing an item song in Dabangg 2Kareena Kapoor has been roped in to do an item song in Dabangg 2, but neither Arbaaz Khan nor Malaika Arora are confirming the big news. However, Malaika does say this, \"I adore Bebo and think she's absolutely fantastic, so yes, she would be an obvious choice.\" The item queen sizzled as Munni in the original film produced by her and hubby Arbaaz, and says it is a difficult act to repeat. \"It's such an iconic song.You can't recreate Munni. We would much rather create something new and better. Having said that, Kareena would be fantastic as another Munni, but the creative call will be taken by Arbaaz after he finishes recording the new song for Dabangg 2.\" How does she feel about another actress doing a Munni? \"I don't mind. At the end of day, you have to do what works best for the film. You forget that it's my film too! As far as me doing another item number in my film, you can't repeat a Munni.\" Malaika is also serving as casting director for the item song along with Arbaaz, who is directing the film this time around. \"Arbaaz will consult me when we finalise the actress for the song. Whether it's Bebo or someone else, it will be a mutual decision.\"So is Malaika planning to do more item songs this year? She says, \"I have just completed the item song Anarkali Disco Chali for Housefull 2. As you know, I don't like doing too many songs - maybe one every few years. Anarkali... has got fantastic response online, so I am very happy about that. I get offered item songs a dime a dozen, but I would rather be exclusive. If you do 10 songs a year, your brand gets diluted. The whole purpose of creating a certain hype is defeated then. It's nice to be exclusive and leave the audience wanting more.\"Malaika was considered the luck factor in Dabangg. Will we get to see her at all in Dabangg 2, considering she won't be sizzling in an item song this time around? \"I'm sure I will be there in some capacity - what that will be is Arbaaz's decision. There can't be more than one item song in a film, so I won't be doing that for sure!\" she laughs, adding, \"Right now we are busy with the film's pre-production as we start shooting from March 9.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077823", "title": "Maharashtra board students suffer: Class XII science books not available yet", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has upgraded the syllabus for physics, chemistry, mathematics and biology for standard XII from academic year 2012-13, however, the new textbooks are yet to hit the market.The syllabus upgradation has been done as per the core syllabus prepared by the Council of Boards of School Education in India (COBSE). However, the board is still in the process of printing the new textbooks. This has left students of std XI in a fix since their final exams will be over by mid-March and they will be unable to immediately start preparations for std XII, as is the practice.Though textbooks for physics and mathematics I and II are likely to be available by March 15, it would probably be two months by the time all the textbooks arrive in the market in their upgraded form.Harsh Prasad, a student of Fergusson College, told TOI, \"Std XII is a crucial year and I have enrolled in a coaching class for mathematics and other science subjects. The coaching classes will start from March 20, but I don't know how we will study without the textbooks.\"The upgraded syllabus for std XII will be implemented from academic year 2012-13 for science students. The board has tried to reduce the study load by eliminating some overlapping topics and concepts. The syllabus upgradation has incorporated topics that will enhance problem-solving abilities of the students.Satish Gokhale, who runs a coaching class for std XII science students, said, \"We don't know what changes are being brought about and the weightage to be given to different topics. We will have to wait for another two months at least to get a clear picture of the upgraded syllabus. Till then, we will try and teach some basic topics so that not much time is lost.\"Harish Butale, who runs an educational non-governmental organisation called District Entrance Examination Performance Enhancement and Research, said, \"The change in syllabus was on the cards for a long time and the final syllabus was drafted at least six months ago. I do not understand why the board is taking so long to print the books.\"Nidhi Kulkarni, a std XI student, said, \"We know that after revision of the syllabus some new topics will be included. But we have no idea what these topics would be. The board has said the additions will be such that it will prepare students for competitive examinations. In such a case, the textbooks should have been out at least a year in advance, since students usually start to prepare for competitive exams right after std X.\"Speaking to TOI, chairman of the board Sarjerao Jadhav, said, \"We took some time to finalise the new syllabus as per the COBSE thus leading to a delay in printing the books. The new syllabus aims at bringing every board at par with each other. The syllabus for mathematics I and II and physics is completely upgraded and printing for these textbooks will begin next week. We will try and make available the text books of these two subjects by March 15.\"Meanwhile, Anita Kadam, principal, K T Memorial High School, said, \"Our school will reopen only in the first week of June. We are hoping that the new text books of science will be available by then.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12078467", "title": "GSPC wasted public money, claims Gohil", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil has sharply criticized the Gujarat government's move for allowing \"haphazard permissions\" to the state-owned Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) for going ahead with oil and gas exploration. Also, he alleged, that proper permissions were not sought from the central authorities like director-general hydrocarbons, and the management committee for hydrocarbons.Taking part in the Gujarat state assembly debate on Gujarat governor Dr Kamala's address on the opening day, February 23, which dwelled heavily on government's achievements, Gohil said, GSPC's haphazard ways suggest how the government is failing to give directions to the public sector undertakings (PSUs) to even follow proper rules.\"The rules require that permissions should be taken from the central authorities. However,GSPC went ahead with explorations at two wells in Mehsana district without clearances,\" he said, adding, \"If the permissions are not taken, you cannot recover the cost that goes into drilling the wells.\"\"The oil PSU drilled two wells UN 1A and UN 2A, in the Unawa block, situated about five-and-a-half kilometers from Mehsana city in north Gujarat in 2009. The first well had to be abandoned after it was found there were high levels of water underground, which made it impossible to detect any petroleum product,\" Gohil said.\"The second one was abandoned after it was found to be totally dry - it had to be drilled for 2,600 metres, but was abandoned after drilling up to 750 metres,\" the Congress leader claimed. tnn, adding, \"The two wells have cost the state coffers crores of rupees of public money. I want the government to clarify.\"Speaking on a large number of other issues, Gohil criticized chief minister Narendra Modi's Sadbhavana Mission, saying, \"There was not an iota of effort to reach out to the people. It was an effort in achieving personal popularity, nothing else.\" He added, \"There was a time when India's rishis would fasts in seclusion, but our CM believes in fasting by calling people in state buses at public cost.\"Gohil said, \"I would not have objected to these political moves, had these been done under the banner of the BJP. However, you are trying to use public money for personal propaganda which is objectionable. You have wasted crores of rupees for personal gains.\"He said, \"The CM showed no sadbhavna to his chetak commando, who died in a road accident, while going from Ahmedabad to Saurashtra for looking after his security. He did not even care to visit this commando's residence. He was the son of a tribal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12078360", "title": "Rajen Babu remembered", "text": "PATNA: Rich tributes were paid to the country's first president Rajendra Prasad on his death anniversary here on Tuesday. Wreaths were placed on Prasad's 'samadhi' on behalf of the President, Vice-President and the PM.The state function was held at Mahaprayan Ghat (Bans Ghat) where CM Nitish Kumar , food &amp; consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak, State Backward Commission member Jagannath Gupta, Bihar Child Rights Conservation Commission member Shivshankar Nishad, social activists -- Govind Kanodia, Dr Anil Anal and Kulwant Singh Saluja -- paid floral tributes to Prasad.Governor's ADC Kaviraj Chauhan, representing President Pratibha Patil , Patna divisional commissioner K P Ramaiah representing PM Manmohan Singh and Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh representing Vice-President Hamid Ansari , offered floral tributes. Armed forces presented salute and a two-minute silence was observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078636", "title": "Three industrial fires in 24 hrs", "text": "MUMBAI: Three fires were reported in different industrial units in Tarapur and Palghar in a span of 24 hours.The first fire was reported in a factory at Tarapur MIDC on Monday night. A worker, Nilesh Pawar (25), sustained around 55% burns. PI Uttam Sonawane of Boisar MIDC police said a disaster was averted as the fire did not reach the storage tank containing solvents that are inflammable. In the second incident, a major fire broke out in a recycling unit in the BIDCO Industrial area of Palghar (W) on Tuesday.PI Shrikant Pingle of Palghar police said another tragedy was averted in a factory in the same area where workers noticed sparks in drums containing inflammable materials , but moved them to safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078362", "title": "Double trouble for MBA aspirants", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As many as 4,000 management aspirants in the state have been put in a tight spot. Not only will they have to take two tests for admission to management colleges, but also shell out double the exam fees.While they are already taking the Common Management Aptitude Test (CMAT) mandated by the All India Council for Technical Education, those seeking admission in Gujarat-based management colleges will also have to take the Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GCET). In addition, they would have to shell out fees for both the tests.Gujarat government's education department had made it clear before a month or so that admission to management colleges in the state will be done only on the basis of GCET and not CMAT. The decision was taken on the basis that it would raise questions about the criteria for admission to MCA colleges.As many as 15 management colleges across the state have requested the education department to allow admissions on the basis of CMAT score. However, their request has been turned down, triggering a major controversy.The entrance exam fees for CMAT is Rs 1,200 while that for GCET is Rs 800.Of the total 4,000 students taking CMAT which is currently underway, 1,200 are from Ahmedabad while the remaining hail from Surat and Rajkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "model town extension", "code": "12078162", "title": "Binny &amp; Timsy chose a unique date to marry", "text": "MODEL TOWN EXTENSION: Opinder Singh Juneja (Binny) and his wife Gurpreet Kaur (Timsy) chose a unique date to get married, as they wanted it to be very special. So, both of them took the sacred vows on 29 February, 2004, and started a special journey together.Juneja, 31, who runs a steel business, says, \"It was all planned to make the marriage more special. After our marriage, we have celebrated the event only once, as it has come only once after our first wedding.\"Recalling his first anniversary, Opinder or Binny says, \"On our last anniversary in 2008, I along with my wife and son Jaiveer went out to a restaurant near Shastri Nagar for dinner. We didn\"t throw a party for our friends and relatives. However this time around, we have a new entrant in my family, my two and half year old daughter, Jeeya, so we are holding a small get-together.\" His wife said like last time, this year too she would be the first to wish her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12078254", "title": "City stays glued to Alishaa s show", "text": "LUDHIANA: City's pride Alisha Ahluwalia, known for her stint at the F1 grand prix, sizzled on the small screen last Monday. Friends and family stayed glued to watch the first episode of her daily soap.Alisha's elder sister and Flower Dale resident Shyamin Aggarwal said she had been informing people about the show so that no one misses it. Her daughter Aayra, 6, said, ''I don't understand why she wasn't called Alisha in the serial.''Alisha's brother Armaan, who is in Canada, said, ''A TV show is just one of the many mile stones she has to achieve.''. Her father Surinder, who resides in BRS Nagar, said there couldn't be anything better than witnessing his daughter succeed in fashion and entertainment industry. ''This is the best opportunity she has got after the reality shows and the F1 race,'' said Surinder. ''Many called me from Ludhiana to wish and that makes me feel proud,'' said Alisha over the phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12076104", "title": "Fresh Aadhar enrolments only from May", "text": "JAIPUR: Those waiting to get enrolled under 'Aadhar,' the ambitious project of the Union government to provide the Unique Identification Number (UID) to all citizens will have to wait till May 2012.After achieving the initial targets of enrolling 20 crore people before March 31, 2012, the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) has asked all its registrars in the country to halt the process of collecting data. However, following the fresh mandate received from the Union cabinet in January to cover another 40 crore people, the process is only likely to start by mid May.In Rajasthan, out of roughly 6 crore population, so far 54 lakh UID cards have been issued whereas data of around 80 lakh people have been collected. \"The government of India has agreed in principle to extend the enrollments in the state. Those people who missed it in Phase I will be covered in next round. But the exercise will take some time,\" said a senior official of UID in the state.The UIDAI's aim is to issue every resident a unique identification number linked to the resident's demographic and biometric information, which they can use to identify themselves anywhere in India, and to access a host of benefits and services.There are 11 registrars in Rajasthan including the department of information and technology of the state government. To cover all the residents of Rajasthan in phase-II and establish proper coordination among all registrars, state government has issued a policy which gave mandate to the district magistrate to coordinate data collection in each district.\"Learning from our past experience we realized that to avoid any overlapping in a data collection, proper management is needed. So a coordination committee under a chief secretary is constituted. Now each registrar, even those directly appointed by UIDAI, has been given specific areas. This way we sweep the whole area and more people are brought in under the project\" added the official.To utilize the UID data most efficiently in the state, the government has also developed state resident data hub (SRDH). \"The government will link its various welfares schemes with the UID in Rajasthan. Keeping this in mind we have created the concept of SRDH. The hub will digitize the data for the concerned department and process applications for it\" said official.He added \"UIDAI will share with the state which can be used by the concerned departments of the state. However how to use them will be the prerogative of these departments\"However everything is not going well for the UID. The sharing policy of the UID data is still under consideration at centre and yet to be finalized. Also there are huge delays in dispatching the UID cards. The central government is also keen to state unambiguously that a UID will not be treated as a proof of citizenship. \"I already have lot many cards. If UID is just another addition then it is hardly of any use\" said Amar Purhoit, a bank employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12077618", "title": "City police set to crack down on property offences", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have decided to tighten the noose around property offenders listed within police records.According to officials, the police have decided to open files of the last two to three years and check offender records.Perons featured on the list will be monitored closely for their sources of income, daily activities etc. The city has seen limited respite from crimes like house break-ins, looting, bag lifting, chain snatching, vehicle theft, etc in the city.City police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal has therefore directed all police stations to open older files and check criminals on record for property offences.DCP DS Swami said that during the election time, every police station had prepared a list of criminals on record for body offences. The police were constantly monitoring these listed individuals and had even given them an ultimatum if they were found involved in any type of fights, riots, etc.Swami added that the scheme had worked well and no major incidence of body offence was reported before and during NMC elections.Now the police have decided to focus on property offences given the rising incidences of vehicle theft, burglaries, house break-ins and chain snatching.To curb the menace of vehicle theft, the police had identified spots in the city where maximum vehicles got stolen especially around residential societies.Nashikites are now hopeful that this new vigilance may help control the growing cases of propertyoffences within the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12078545", "title": "New fish species found in Arunachal Pradesh", "text": "ITANAGAR: In yet another zoological discovery in the northeast, researchers have found a new species of fish in the Kalpangi river in Yazali under Lower Subansiri district of Arunachal Pradesh. Called Garra Kalpangi, the new species has been named after the river in which it was discovered, officials said on Tuesday. The team responsible for the discovery include Dr K Nebeshwar of Manipur University, Dr Kenjum Bagra, research officer at Arunachal Pradesh Biodiversity Board, and Dr D N Das of Rajiv Gandhi University.The discovery of the species was mentioned in an article published in the February, 2012, edition of the 'Journal of Threatened Taxa', sources informed. The cyprinid fish under genus Garra are bottom dwellers. The genus consists of approximately 70 species found in areas near Indonesia's Borneo island, southern China, South Asia , the Middleeast, the Arabian Peninsula and East and West Africa.There are altogether 15 known species of Garra found commonly in the Himalayan foothills and distributed across the Ganga, the Brahmaputra and the Chindwin basins in northeastern India. Including the recently discovered species, there are nine species of Garra -G. lissorhynchus, G. annandalei, G. gotyla, G. kempi, G. lamta, G. mcClellandi, G. arupi and G. naganensis - in Arunachal Pradesh, sources said.In 2009, Dr Bagra and his research team published a list of 213 fish species found in Arunachal Pradesh in an international journal. Since then, there has been addition of four more discoveries, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12075995", "title": "Now, you have a guarantee for government services", "text": "MANGALORE: Come March 1, babus in four taluks in the state will strictly have to guard against delaying services. The Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens System, the pet project of chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda will go on-stream in a taluk each in Dakshina Kannada, Bidar, Dharwad and Chitradurga districts on that day. After month-long trials in these four taluks, the system will be extended to all remaining taluks across Karnataka.What the system essentially means for the common man is that the bureaucracy will have to deliver a list of services notified in the special edition of the Karnataka Gazette dated January 2 against time mentioned.In all, 151 services of 11 departments have been brought under the ambit of the system. They include commercial taxes, education, food and civil supplies, health and family welfare, home, labour, revenue and transport, RDPR. Backed by the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act, 2011, the system on the home page of its website - www.kgsc.kar.nic.in - acclaims that it is the citizens' right to obtain services in time. While the departments already providing services online will have an interface with the system's website to provide a GSC number to the applicant, others will make use of the call centre that will be opened soon to get the number. \"Clock for official concerned starts ticking from the time the GSC number is generated,\" said V Ponnuraj, commissioner for t settlement and nodal officer for the project.\"The GSC number will enable applicants to check the status of his/her application online. In case of delay in providing services, applicants can complain to authorities concerned,\" he added. Terming the gazette notification as the new Bible for babus, Ponnuraj said that none of the departments mentioned in it can send back an applicant without an acknowledgement. \"The state government may add more departments or services at a later stage,\" he said adding errant officials failing to stick to deadline will be penalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "12078375", "title": "Rohmoria geo-fabric workers go on strike", "text": "DIBRUGARH: The ongoing Rs 52.36 crore erosion-control project at Rohmoria in Dibrugarh district has hit a roadblock with workers engaged in the project, going on a strike from Monday. The workers alleged that the contractors have not paid them their wages for several weeks. Around 500 workers are engaged in the multi-crore geo-fabric project at erosion-ravaged Rohmoria.\"Due to the workers' strike, geo-fabric work has come to a standstill from Monday morning. The workers, working under various sub-contractors, have not received their dues for several weeks. There are 31 sub-contractors engaged in the project and when they were approached, they admitted that they were unable to make payments to the workers as the principal contractor has not been able to pay bills amounting to Rs 80-90 lakh for the last few months,\" Ghanen Gogoi, president of Rohmoria Erosion Resistance Struggle Forum , which has been spearheading the struggle for the protection of Rohmoria, said.He added that the project will suffer if the issue is not resolved immediately as the workers have decided not to resume work unless their dues are cleared. Significantly, the strike has come just a month after Union minister of water resources P K Bansal visited Rohmoria on January 16 to review the progress of work. The minister had stressed on expediting the project work so that it can be completed within the stipulated deadline of March 31, 2012. An official said the overall progress of the geo-fabric work now stands at a mere 30 per cent, which raises doubts about the timely completion of the project.Under the 'Emergent measures for protection of Rohmoria' project, a vulnerable 2.6 km stretch of the banks of the river Brahmaputra will be fortified using the latest geo-fabric technology while the rest 6.5 km of the river bank will be covered using RCC porcupines. Nearly 8.6 lakh units of Australia-made geo-fabric bags will be used.State water resources minister Prithibi Majhi inaugurated the construction work of the project on January 4, 2011. The geo-fabric technology, though costly, is seen as a long-term solution to stop erosion as many erosion-prone countries have used it successfully.The geo-fabric project has brought a glimmer of hope for the people of Rohmoria, who for years have been facing the brunt of erosion. Since 1997, erosion has wiped out 38 revenue villages, eight schools, one police station, six tea estates, one PWD road and one sericulture farm in the region. Apart from that, over 23,000 bighas of land have been lost and nearly 2,000 families have been displaced by erosion in Rohmoria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077641", "title": "Tatyasaheb Godse no more", "text": "PUNE: Prataprao aka Tatyasaheb Godse of the Shrimant Dagadusheth Halwai Sarvajanik Ganapati Trust passed away due to old age at his residence at 5.30 pm on Tuesday. He was 86 years old.Godse is survived by his wife, three sons and three daughters. He was the president of the trust for the last sixty years. He initiated various socially relevant schemes during his tenure as president of one of the most prestigious 'mandals' in the city. He founded the Suvaranayug Sahakari Bank Ltd in 1972 and a hostel for the children of 'Devadasis' in Kondhwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12078325", "title": "This bull helped owner earn Rs 12L in 8 months", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This is no cock-and-bull story. A murrah bull, Yuvraj, is a virtual money-spinner for its owner Karambir Singh, 44, of Sunariya village in Kurukshetra. Singh claims he has earned more than Rs 12 lakh in eight months by selling the semen of Yuvraj.Yuvraj was declared champion in the animal fair, which concluded at National Dairy and Research Institute (NDRI), Karnal, on Monday. The bull won prizes worth Rs 24,000 in the fair. In another fair held at Hisar, the bull won prize worth Rs 16,000.But the real source of income is its semen. \"I kept my bull continuously for two months at a semen production centre in Karnal after it became an adult in June 2011. It produced 5,000 semen doses. I sold each dose for up to Rs 300,\" said the proud farmer.Dr V S Raina, former principal scientist of NDRI, said farmers even from southern states come to Haryana to buy the semen of murrah buffaloes. NDRI director A K Srivastava said that by using semen of a bull, 50,000 calves can be produced annually.Experts said it's the genetic background of a bull that helps in evaluating cost of its semen. Yuvraj's mother, Saraswati, had won first prize by producing 26.4 kg milk in a day in 2009-2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12076259", "title": "I will go to jail in protest if my people are held: Velim priest", "text": "MARGAO: While the Velim villagers' call to boycott the election has been withdrawn, the parish priest of St Francis Xavier church, Fr Romano Gonsalves, said that if any attempt was made to arrest any of his parishioners, he would volunteer to sit in jail in protest. \"I do not know how the police identified the seven people named in their report. If any of these seven are arrested, Ill go and sit in prison first,\" said Gonsalves, adding that the seven did not do anything and are always involved in parish work.The parish priest's stand comes in the wake of the parishioners threatening to carry out a jail bharo andolan if the Cuncolim police do not withdraw the case filed against them. The parishioners who attended a massive public meeitng in Velim, further demanded the suspension of the three police officials.A case of attempt to murder and several other IPC sections was filed against 1,508 persons following the incident on the night of February 24 when five policemen were beaten up by an angry mob at the church premises.Stating that he was \"being harassed\", Gonsalves said that he had done nothing wrong, and had in fact, tried to protect the police from being beaten up by sending them to hide in his bathroom.Speaking to TOI, a church committee member said, \"The call to boycott the election has been withdrawn but the decision to vote or not is the voter's choice.\"The member added that the signature campaign had garnered a great response and that the public sentiment was that the government authorities were taking them for granted and that the Cuncolim police were trying to fabricate facts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076386", "title": "Naveen Patnaik opposes move to amend RPF Act, writes to PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik has charged the Centre of taking \"one step or other\" that are conflict with the federal structure and against popular interests. He raised the concern with the Prime Minister over the Centre's plan to amend the Railway Protection Force Act, and the move to confer powers of police officers on the Railway Police Force (RPF).Patnaik wrote a letter to the PM on Tuesday opposing the pet project of Bengal CM and former railway minister Mamata Banerjee days after putting up a united front with her on the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).Patnaik wrote that such a move is in \"conflict\" of Article 246 of the Constitution (Concurrent List). He pointed out that reports of ministries of home affairs and law and justice approving the railway ministry's proposal without consulting state governments as \"a clear infringement of the powers of the state and against basic federal structure\" of the Indian Constitution.Patnaik has also mentioned that the proposal to provide power of police officers to RPF personnel violates the Indian Police Act. He is not convinced by the proposal of empowering RPF personnel so that they could conduct probe and make arrests. The CM has said that the railway tracks are not outside the jurisdiction of states.\"Similar arguments could be put forth by other establishments such as Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), who are in charge of protection of airports, industrial undertakings and other vital installations,\" the letter stated.Last November, the Cabinet had given its nod to the proposed RPF legislation on the ground that multiplicity of authorities at railway premises need to be dispensed with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12075973", "title": "Trade union strike hit transport services", "text": "JAIPUR: The strike called by workers of banks, insurance companies and transport services against the policies of Union government affected normal life in the state on Tuesday.Medical services were partially affected due to the absence of contractual employees who too participated in the strike called by various trade unions.Since morning, school children and office-goers were clueless and confused due to the non-availability of buses including those run by RSRTC and Jaipur City transport Services limited ( JCTSL). Many autorickshaw unions also participated in the strike.Many schools reported below average attendance due to bandh. Zafar Sheikh of Kidwai Nagar, father of two school-going kids, had a harrowing time when the autorickshaw didn't turned up on time. \"I waited for 30 minutes before I dropped my sons to school on my bike,\" said Sheikh.\"Strike is becoming a routine affair now. If they want to show their anger against the Union government policies, I don't think this is the way. In every situation, common man is affected,\" said Shikhar Dave, a secretariat employee who lives in Jhotwara and takes the low-floor bus.The traffic in the cities including Jaipur, Ajmer, Bhilwara, Ajmer and Jodhpur was chaotic during the protest march and other processions by the trade unions.Representatives of various trade and employees union assembled at the Shahid Samarak at Jaipur and expressed their resentment over the rising inflation.Meanwhile, the strike also affected the business and trade community as majority of the nationalized banks remained closed. \"Nearly 25,000 bank employees in the state took part in the strike and according to an estimate, nearly 60,000 cheques remained stuck in the banks,\" said Mahesh Mishra, general secretary, Rajasthan Bank Employees Union.Medical services were also partially hit by the strike as various contractual employees of the hospitals including the private ambulances remained unavailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12077507", "title": "Syria makes earnest bid to attract Indian travellers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parts of Syrian countryside may be rocked by violent fighting against the current regime, but that has not deterred the country's tourism department to make an earnest sales pitch to the Indian traveller.In India to participate in the Outbound Travel Market 2012 that was held at the Pragati Maidan here over the weekend, Syria's tourism officials are \"exploring\" the market and have been surprised at the unexpected response. Despite incessant queries on safety among walk-in visitors at the travel mart, Syria's tourism marketing and promotion director Bassam Barsik is upbeat.The country's theme 'come see for yourself' is illustrative of their intent. Barsik dismissed the \"crisis\" being played out on TV as incorrect, and assured that in a few months the nation would be politically stable.He argued that the \"terrorist acts\" were from \"alien elements\" and \"linked to foreign agendas\" to undermine his nation's stability and weaken its regional role as a prominent player in West Asian causes.The attacks have, however, seen visitors from India plummet from a healthy 37,346 in 2010. In its bid to attract Indian travellers, Syria's tourism office plans to introduce direct flights (that were stopped there years ago) twice a week to Delhi over the next three months. Plans are afoot to connect Damascus with India and China.Barsik added that his government was keen on introducing visa on arrival services or at least providing visa within a day or so for Indian travellers. \"We are considering visa on arrival for Indians or provide visa within a day. We would also like to waiver the visa fees or reduce to a minimal,\" he said.Another country struggling to regain its supremacy in tourism after the Arab Spring revolts is Egypt. In 2010, Egypt had hosted 15 million tourists earning $15 billion. Despite the turmoil in the land of the Pharaohs last year, it managed to attract 9.8 million tourists (about 3 million more than India). Egypt, however, lost $4 billion, and in its bid to recover some lost ground it has launched a strong promotional campaign.Egypt is in talks with Indian authorities to launch direct flights between Cairo and Delhi. Egypt tourism office director Adel El Masry said, \"We are also in talks with many Bollywood producers to shoot movies in the country and promote it as a destination worth visiting.\" He expected Indian travelers to increase after the Presidential polls slated to be held in the middle of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12076252", "title": "Lokayukta may send Siddiqui file to governor", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after chief minister Mayawati turned down Lokayukta Justice NK Mehrotra's recommendation for a CBI probe against senior minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui, the ombudsman said he was now mulling the option to the send the 'Siddiqui file' to the governor, or send it back to the chief minister for reconsideration.The UP government on Monday had rejected Justice Mehrotra's recommendation saying that he had exceeded his jurisdiction as anomalies probed by his office were not committed by Siddiqui in the capacity of a minister but as an individual and also that no direct evidence had been brought on record to establish his direct link with the alleged deeds.Trashing the government's view, Mehrotra said that the Lokayukta Act vested in him the authority to investigate any complaints of corruption or inquire into allegations of disproportionate assets concerning a minister and not against a minister holding a specific charge. \"So long as he was functioning as a minister the provision is drawn and it is not at all necessary to show that he was holding the charge of a particular department where the cause of action for any complaint arose,\" he said.Moreover, the Lokayukta has the power to take action or investigate any act - oral, written or implied by mannerism, if that action leads to corruption or lack of integrity,\" he said. \"The evidence need not always be a direct one. The very fact that Naseemuddin Siddiqui was the agriculture minister at that time, there is a presumption that the proceedings in the department had his approval,\" he said.Interestingly, the Lokayukta has been charged with transgressing his jurisdiction by all the six ministers he had indicted in the past six months. Beginning with Rangnath Misha, each minister, according to sources, questioned his power, even though the government promptly followed his recommendations by removing them. This is the first time that the chief minister personally intervened and defended someone pronounced guilty by the Lokayukta.Meanwhile, the Lokayukta has summoned Afzal Siddiqui, son of Naseemuddin Siddiqui, for making a personal appearance on March 2. Afzal, owner of a modern slaughter house, has been directed to show the source of his income by the Lokayukta.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12077322", "title": "IMT Manesar firm staffer goes missing", "text": "GURGAON: An employee of a firm working at IMT Manesar is allegedly missing from February 21. The 21-year-old victim, Karan Singh, a resident of Gandhi Nagar, was last seen leaving for his office around 7.30am on that day.After searching in vain for six days, the victim's father, Shoran Singh, finally lodged a missing person report with the Pataudi Road police post on February 27.Karan was working with a firm, Micro Tools, in Plot number 186, IMT Manesar. According to his father, he's a diploma holder in mechanical engineering.When his father tried to call Karan on his mobile phone on the day he went missing, he had disconnected it initially. But since then, it has continually been in the \"switched-off\" mode, his father said.\"It's very surprising because we didn't have any enmity whatsoever with anybody. I don't know why my son could go missing just like that,\" said Shoran Singh.A senior police officer said that they have started their investigation and are hopeful of locating the victim at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12076899", "title": "Lucknow-based online company dupes investors of Rs 50 crore", "text": "KANPUR: In a case of forgery, a Lucknow-based online survey company created a fake website and duped the people of cash worth crores of rupees.Though there are no clear estimates, it is believed that over Rs 50 crore had been swindled. The company functioned in Lucknow, Kanpur and besides other big cities and used to manage its operations from its Mumbai head office. The directors and partners of the company have disappeared and their contact numbers have become inactive.In a complaint lodged by Shastri Nagar resident, Upendra Mishra, it came into light that a company named as Legna Web World, which used to run its office from Munshi Puliya in Indira Nagar in Lucknow, launched a bogus survey website on internet, where people can start making the profit by depositing a minimum sum of Rs 11,000. To lure the people, the website promised a payment of Rs 140 by selecting a few best pictures, about which the company had claimed that it is owned by some Romania-based online survey company.Mishra stated that he had submitted the registration fee in the bank account of the company and started the online survey, where he used to select best pictures and get Rs 140 per picture.\"Around 700-800 people were registered with this site. But on August 1, 2011 the website and contact number of the owners of the company became non-functional,\" said Upendra Mishra. He and 200 other complainants met DIG Rajesh Rai on Monday. Rai instructed his sub-ordinates to start an investigation and lodge a case against the owners and directors of the company.\"At the time of joining, a partner of the company Sharad Mishra had committed that we will earn nearly Rs 30,000-35,000 per month but after some time we were denied of the earnings when we had submitted our request for fund transfer,\" Mishra added.\"Apart from the initial deposit of Rs 11,000 against which we used to get 2,800 per month, they had further lured us by saying to give us Rs 7.81 lakh and we will give you Rs 2.5 lakh every month. However, it continued hardly for few months and later they vanished from the scene,\" another investor Piyush Mishra of Kidwai Nagar said.\"I never went to these fraudsters. They only came to meet me at the office of private insurance company in the city, where I am acting as an insurance agent. As I have a good network of investors, they lured me and asked me to convince other investors also,\" said another investor.\"We are aware of the fraud and a team comprising special sleuths will carry out investigations in this regard,\" the DIG added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12076796", "title": "Voters seal fate of 1,103 candidates", "text": "LUCKNOW: Voting for the sixth phase of Uttar Pradesh assembly elections started on a brisk note with 9.73% electorate casting their votes by 9.00 am. And by the time, the voting process eventually culminated, the poll percentage touched 60.47%. Tuesday's voting sealed the fate of 1103 candidates from 68 assembly constituencies spread over 13 districts in the state.According to experts, this round of polls would play a vital role in deciding the post poll health of Rashtriya Lok Dal and Bahujan Samaj Party. In the 2007 assembly elections, BSP won 37 seats from this belt, SP three, RLD 10, Congress two, BJP 12 and others five. In 2009, Lok Sabha polls, of the 15 parliamentary seats covering the 68 assembly constituencies, BSP won six, RLD five, BJP three, SP one and Congress none. The assembly segment-wise break-up of the Lok Sabha results show that the BSP was ahead in 22 segments, RLD in 21, BJP in 15, SP in nine and Congress in three.The SP has nothing to lose as it won only three seats in 2007 and any gain would improve its tally. But the stakes are high for the ruling BSP which swept the region in 2007 but lost some ground in 2009 and any further slide would mean that the party would end up either as number two or be neck and neck with SP. After the first five rounds, the popular perception is that SP seems to be ahead, but despite the anti-incumbency, BSP still has its core Dalit voter base (about 22% of the population) more or less intact and this is a chunk that will go a long way for the party. Congress, which performed poorly both in 2007 and 2009, has this time high hopes from the region which is more prosperous than other parts of the state owing to its rich agriculture and proximity to Delhi.The party has tied up with RLD which has influence over the highly patriarchal Jat community. RLD president Ajit Singh can still count on the loyalty of his community simply because he is the son of former Prime Minister Chaudhary Charan Singh, the tallest Jat leader of the state since independence. Ajit Singh, who is known for shifting loyalties, has been in almost every government in the state (barring the present BSP government) and at the centre in the past 20 years. Despite his hold over Jats, RLD does not have a wide enough base to win elections on its own.So, it contested 2007 elections in alliance with SP, tied up with BJP in 2009 and this time has join hands with Congress. Though a small party, RLD will assume importance in a hung assembly. The 13 districts where elections will be held in this phase include Saharanpur, Prabuddha Nagar, Meerut, Baghpat, Ghaziabad, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Panchsheel Nagar, Bulandshahr, Aligarh, Muzaffarnagar, Mathura, Mahamayanagar and Agra. There are over 2.17 crore voters in this phase and 1,103 candidates. BSP and SP have fielded 68 candidates each, while BJP has 67 candidates, Congress 34 and RLD 33.Nearly 36% candidates have criminal records. Caste and communal feelings are strong here. Other key issues include brazen land acquisition during Mayawati's rule, lack of development, the absence of a high court bench, poor electricity supply and a falling ground water table. The region has grown economically but availability and affordability of sex determination clinics has resulted in a skewed sex ratio. The region has the potential to become an industrial hub but poor infrastructure has been a deterrent. Jats are only 6-7% of the total population of UP, but they constitute 17% of the populace in the west UP and can affect outcomes in 55 assembly seats. In Mathura, Jats are 40% of the population and around 30% in Baghpat.SP always has been weak in the region. It had some hold in Muslim-dominated districts. However, Rasheed Masood, a prominent Muslim leader, defected to Congress. But at the same time some Gujjar leaders like Yashpal Singh joined SP, making its position stronger in some seats.In this phase, SP has fielded 14 Muslim candidates, including Omar Khan (from Behat in Saharanpur), sonin-law of the Shahi Imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid, Maulana Ahmad Bukhari. Seven of Mayawati's ministers are in the fray -- Ramveer Upadhaya from Sikandaramau in Mahamayanagar, Dharam Singh Saini from Nakur in Saharanpur, Chaudhary Laxmi Narayan from Chhata, Mathura, Yograj Singh Budhana, Muzaffarnagar, Thakur Jaiveer Singh from Barauli, Aligarh, Lakhiram Nagar from Kithore in Meerut and Vedram Bhati from Jewar in GB Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12078250", "title": "Radiation safety cell soon: Minister", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Tuesday admitted that a large number of X-ray and CAT scan centres were running in Bihar without valid registration.Replying to a question of Basudeo Singh (CPM) in the legislative council, health minister Ashwini K Choubey said the government had no specific data about how many such centres were running in various parts of the state, including Patna.The minister also said the government would set up a separate radiation safety cell in the Bihar State Health Society during 2012-13. Two new posts would be sanctioned to run this cell, for which a request has been made to the Union government for allocating adequate amount, he said.On receipt of Centre's clearance, this cell would start functioning. The cell would grant registration to X-ray and CAT scan centres. The government has also enforced the Bihar Clinical Act, he said, adding \"We are in the process of making rules and regulations of the Act. With its implementation, all unregistered X-ray, Ultrasound clinics and CAT scan centres will be booked,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12079866", "title": "Star-studded do", "text": "Trust the celebrities of tinsel-town to add a touch of glamour to any event they grace.This recent get-together seemed to be brimming over with pretty faces and dapper dudes from all over who made it a point to make a mark on the evening. The boys were in the best of spirits. Friends caught up with each other after a long time and gave a pat on each other's backs as they joked about what was cooking in life. The ladies, of course, used this time to network with their gal pals and indulge in some harmless tittle-tattle. The air was rife with good cheer as the guests treated themselves to some nice appetizers and cocktails, which lightened the mood further. The pranksters had a jolly good time, cracking a joke or two at the expense of their buddies, who took it in their stride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077696", "title": "Man slits lover\u2019s throat, kills self", "text": "NAGPUR: 'I love you but am compelled to conceal myself while meeting you as Sandhya's mother has informed your husband about us...' read Anil Meshram's unfinished note he left behind before hanging from the ceiling at his rented room in Ambedkar Nagar.On Tuesday, neighbours were stunned after Meshram murdered his former landlord's wife Deeksha Gajbhiye before ending his own.Deeksha' body with her throat slit was found at her residence. Police seized the blood-smeared knife kept on the refrigerator. Meshram was an autorickshaw driver.Deeksha's husband Kamraj, who was at work when the incident took place, said \"I never thought that he would do this to my family. He often created a ruckus under the influence of liquor. Even my wife objected to his behaviour,\" he said.\"My wife had returned from her native place only a day earlier,\" he said. Kamraj left for work at 9am and an hour later, his children went to school. The murder may have taken place during that time.Tenant Anita Uke was the first to spot the body. She had gone to tell Deeksha to use the bathroom. Deeksha used to go for sewing classes. When Anita pushed the door, she was stunned to see Deeksha's body.She alerted another tenant Varsha Khobragade and the duo then informed neighbours who called up the police. Varsha had spotted Meshram leaving the room.\"He was a regular at Deeksha's place. He even visited her when her husband was away.,\" said Varsha.Meshram, a native of Bhandara, was a tenant of the Gajbhiyes.Cops from Wadi rushed to Meshram's apartment after Deeksha's body was found. Peeping through the window, the cops spotted Meshram's hanging body.Meshram has been booked for the murder of Deeksha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077854", "title": "No evening water supply for city from tomorrow", "text": "PUNE: The city will get water only in the mornings from Thursday. The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has decided to effect a 20 per cent cut in supply due to the low availability of water in the four main reservoirs.The PMC authorities held a meeting with the irrigation department officials on Tuesday and decided to suspend the evening water supply, said V G Kulkarni, head of the PMC's water supply department. \"The water cuts will continue till July. If we receive good rainfall at the start of the monsoon season in June, the decision about the water cuts can be reconsidered,\" he said.The available water in the four reservoirs - Khadakwasla, Panshet, Varasgaon and Temghar - is around 11.70 TMC (thousand million cubic feet), which is a good 3 TMC less than the 14.79 TMC availability around the same time last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077575", "title": "PMC's tunnel vision blocks water supply plans", "text": "PUNE: The city is on the threshold of a water crisis yet again. The common summer affliction usually rears its head by April-end, but has arrived a month early this year with the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) announcing a nearly 20 % water cut from March 2.While public indignation over drinking water scarcity is already running high, the civic administration and politicians are blaming it on old, unrepaired and rusted water supply lines and the PMC lack of a system to control water supply and wastage. The municipal corporation, with an annual budget of over Rs 3,000 crore, has not been able to streamline the water distribution system for decades.It is not that the irrigation department sets aside less water. It has earmarked 11.5 TMC quota of water for Pune, but the city draws over 14 TMC water from the reservoirs of the four dams (Khadakwasla, Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet). Besides, the quota is higher than the normal requirement, yet the city faces a water crisis throughout the year because of distribution losses and water mismanagement by the PMC.The civic body's water supply calculations are based on the assumption that Pune's population is around 35 lakh (it is actually 32 lakh as per the provisional 2011 census figures). About 135 litres to 150 litres of water per head per day puts the total water consumption at about 7.8 TMC. Leakages and water theft is shrinking the quantum of water the city gets. Leakages are responsible for 30% to 40% of losses along with transportation and distribution losses, as per the civic body's estimates, but no effort was made to curb this wastage.Pune gets its drinking water supply from the Khadakwasla reservoir through a closed pipeline. In addition, it lifts water from the Mutha right bank canal which is purified at the Parvati water works which is then supplied to the city.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar during his election campaign early this month reiterated that the water supply to the city is not only sufficient, but much higher than the per-head water supply in other cities. The disparity in distribution is due to mismanagement of the distribution system. \"Irrigation department cannot go on increasing water quota for the city. Farmers from the district need water for agriculture,\" said Pawar.However, Pawar's party which ruled the PMC for the last five years made no concrete efforts to solve the water woes of the city. The ruling NCP and even opposition parties blame the civic administration for water woes. \"It is lack of water management and not the availability that is affecting the city,\" corporator Ujwal Keskar while Congress leader. Another corporator Aba Bagul said that the civic administration has not been able to improve water supply systems despite the elected representatives approving crores of rupees.Will water meters help?The city has faced a problem with unequal distribution of water, with core areas receiving more water than the fringe areas. Experts in water management have reiterated the need for metered water supply in Pune, which, according to them, will help equal distribution of water and ensure that people pay for the amount of water they use.\"Water meter is the answer to save water. Without this system, 24x7 supply is a dream. Metering system will ensure that the water is used cautiously,\" said municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak after present his draft budget for 2012-13 recently.Pathak added that based on the condition that the cost of service and its recovery should also be equal under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), the Union government has set the 24-hour water supply norm and installation of meters for all consumers in Pune.The civic standing committee in November 2011 approved the administration's proposal of 24x7 water supply scheme. The proposal is now with the general body (GB) for final approval. The standing committee has approved an Italian consultant firm, Studio Galli Ingegneria (SGI), to implement the scheme. The firm will do network analysis, take corrective measures like detecting leaks, carry out system rehabilitation and a water audit, see the flow measurement, ensure systems' reengineering and suggest cost-effective measures to meet the city's water demand for the next 30 years.The civic administration has repeatedly attempted to introduce the metered water billing system to calculate water tax, but the elected representatives have scrapped it. Now once again all party leaders have hinted that they would not approve the 24x7 proposal in GB. According to the civic administration, if the 24x7 water supply scheme becomes a reality, 150 litres of water will be provided per head and a five-member family will be considered as a unit. If a family uses 150 litres water per head (750 litres in total), no extra charges will be imposed and the existing water rates will be charged. For every additional 1,000 litres, Rs 33 will be charged.Leakages", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12078507", "title": "Gauhati high court stay on GMC order to demolish roadside parking lots", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court has stayed the recent order of Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) to abolish the existing roadside parking lots in the city.After the high court order on February 23 which staying the order of GMC, the lessees running around 45 roadside parking lots in Guwahati urged the people to co-operate with them. People in the city are free to park their vehicles in roadside parking lots without paying any money after the GMC order on February 22.\"The road side parking lots in the city were handed over to the lessees after the serial blasts that rocked the state's capital in 2009. The lessees had to monitor the vehicles and had to ensure that miscreants don't parks vehicles in these road side parking lots. Though the lessees did their jobs with full dedication, suddenly the GMC, on February 22, announced that all previous engagements for collection of parking fees shall stand terminated with immediate effect which badly hit the lessees,\" said Ranjan Barman, one of the lessees.He described the high court order as a relief to the unemployed youths running the roadside parking lots. The Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) had earlier said that 94 roadside parking places will come up in the city from April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076420", "title": "Jairam Ramesh may address Finnish parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh is expected to address a special session of the parliament of Finland in April.Recognizing Ramesh's role as member of the United Nations Panel on Global Sustainability, the Finnish government and Speaker have invited the former environment minister as a keynote speaker on April 11 when the Finnish parliament discusses the sustainable and effective use of natural resources as part of preparations to the Rio+20 conference in Brazil.Ramesh is expected to have bilateral meetings with ministers and private sector representatives during his visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12076519", "title": "Typography event at IIT-B", "text": "A meet on typography will be organized from March 1 to 3 at the Industrial Design Centre, IIT-B with support from India Design Association and Aksharaya. The event will include an international conference to address issues faced by type designers, type users and type educators.The conference will feature presentations on the last two days preceded by day of workshops dedicated to Typography and Calligraphy. Exhibitions on Typography Posters and Book Publications will also be hosted at the venue.venue: Victor menezes convention centre and IDC, IIT Powai.While typography workshops will be conducted on March 1, conferences focusing on the theme 'Typography in Publication Design' will be held on March 2 and 3.More info available on www.typoday.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12077877", "title": "HC asks UT to file reply in 2 weeks", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Apparently not happy with the failure of UT administration in responding to a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) seeking probe into the disappearance of kids from Snehalaya, Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday asked the administration to file its reply within two weeks.The PIL was filed on November 2, 2011, but the administration is yet to file its reply. When the matter came up for hearing on Tuesday before a division bench headed by Chief Justice (CJ) Ranjan Gogoi, UT failed to submit its reply for the third time.When CJ asked the UT senior standing counsel, Sanjay Kaushal about the reply, he said he has no briefing from the authorities on the issue. Not satisfied with his response, CJ asked the counsel to file administration's reply within a period of two weeks.The issue had reached before the Punjab and Haryana high court through a PIL after TOI highlighted the disappearance of children from Snehalaya - a home for destitute run by UT, and administration's apathy in tracing them.Strongly contending for an independent inquiry by CBI, the PIL had submitted that special investigation team ( SIT) of the police have failed to name any individual and UT has marked another internal inquiry, which is bound to fail, as probably their own officers are negligent/culprit in the disappearance of the children.Alleging irregularities and mismanagement in the affairs of UT-run shelter home, it was also submitted by the PIL that no responsibility of any person has been fixed till now, as it has been more than a year since these shocking exposures, which gives rise to apprehension that the same may be because of human trafficking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12076638", "title": "No relief to injured labourers at even hospital", "text": "VARANASI: The two survivors of Sonbhadra mine sliding tragedy are having a tough time at Shiv Prasad Gupt Divisional Hospital. The injured labourers have been kept in the right gallery of ward number 2.Except a constable, who had arrived with the injured labourers, no other person or paramedical staff was present there to attend to them. One of the patients, whose condition was critical due to a head injury, was lying restless on his vomited bed while the other, who also had injuries on head, legs and other parts of the body, was having difficulty even in telling his name.Somehow, he disclosing his identity as Khaira of Chhivraha in Sidhi district of Madhya Pradesh. He said that a contractor had taken him to the mine three weeks back. Since then, he was engaged in the work of loading stones on tractor trolleys and trucks for a payment of Rs 100-150 per day. \"I was busy in my work when the sliding started and a big one fell over me. Pappu (some other labourer) rescued me and took me out of the mine,\" said Khaira.The other seriously injured labourer was unable to tell his name. But Khaira disclosed the identity of that labourer as Ram Sumer of Sidhi. Like other injured labourers, the rescuers had rushed them to the district hospital of Sonbhadra where on noticing their condition as critical, the doctors referred them to Varanasi.Some policemen reached SPG Hospital with the duo and after leaving one constable with the injured labourers, they left the hospital for Sonbhadra. Since then, only that same constable was sitting with the labourers to take care of them.Though these labourers were rushed to Varanasi for better treatment, even the basic diagnostic tests like CT scan had not been conducted and the patients were treated with intravenous medicines. When M P Mishra, general surgeon of hospital treating the duo, was contacted, he said, \"The injured labourers were brought here after working hours due to which they could not be sent to Deen Dayal Upadhyaya District Hospital for CT Scan and other diagnostic tests. They would be sent to the hospital for the same tests on Wednesday.Mishra made it very clear that due to unavailability of a neurosurgeon, the general surgeons were looking after these neuro cases. When superintendent-in-chief of SPG Hospital B V Singh was contacted, he said that despite unavailability of a neurosurgeon and physician, they are bound to treat these patients with the available general surgeons.He said that if anybody wants to take them to BHU, the hospital was ready to refer. Singh admitted that one of the injured labourers was restless. But nobody was there to show interest in taking the seriously injured labourers to SSL Hospital of BHU for better treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "moradabad/rampur/bareilly", "code": "12077649", "title": "UP polls: Jatavs' heartburn to test Mayawati\u2019s hold", "text": "MORADABAD/RAMPUR/BAREILLY: Do Jatavs equal Yadavs? Campaign trail 2012 abounds with the formulation that jatavs are the \"ruling elite\" in the Mayawati regime just as the yadavs were under Mulayam, a sentiment that marks the arrival of a new politically-aligned social group in UP.The verdict across western UP and Rohilkhand is that Mayawati's community jatav cornered political patronage ahead of other traditional BSP backers like the most backward castes (MBCs). Jatavs positioned themselves separately from other groups that vote with them.The exaggerated perception of jatav-yadav parity is a grievance that could put the weaker backwards at odds with the new 'social elite'.Observers and minor caste groups say the heartburn with jatavs could test Mayawati's pull with the most backward castes (MBCs). It could have implications for the BSP since the \"backward among backwards\" have long identified themselves with the dalits and backed the BSP despite rival attempts to create an iron-clad OBC monolith.\"The sentiment about the jatavs could impact BSP fortunes,\" said a district official in Rohilkhand while counting the decisive factors in these elections. The view was voiced by others on the poll trail.Sensing an opening, the SP, the BJP, and the Congress, are subtly playing on the \"sense of hurt\" to woo minor backwards like the sainis and the pals around Moradabad, Rampur and Pilibhit. While the pals of Badaun may stick to the BSP, the kashyaps (mallahs) could settle for the SP. A minor dent in the MBC-dalit bond, coupled with anti-incumbency, can result in major swings in the region. Through rural Rohilkhand and the towns of Bareilly, Moradabad and Rampur, Mandate 2012 marks the apogee for the jatavs who were being watched as the bulwark of the CM's mobilization since her advent two decades ago.The dalit group could not come on its own, possibly because of the BSP's evolutionary stage as also Mayawati's brief three stints at the helm. But the BSP's first full tenure starting 2007 seems to have nudged it to breach the threshold.Observers point to differences between the jatavs and the yadavs during their stints in power. Besides \"untouchability\" that keeps the dalits on a weaker footing, they did not gain notoriety on law and order unlike the key OBC group.Yusuf, an electrician in Moradabad's Banglagaon backing the elephant, made a telling comment. \"In the BSP, only jatavs would benefit like the yadavs in the SP. But Muslims felt safe under Mayawati. She was good.\" The comparison with the yadavs forms part of a pattern in a state where caste has been the buzzword of governance. In the Congress era, brahmins got a disproportionate share of patronage, while the yadav-SP linkage is recent.Such coupling has always attracted hostility from \"peer groups\". The influence wielded by the SP's core base over the administration makes their \"backward brethren\" wary. It was on display in the yadav stronghold of central UP with the SP's rivals playing on fears of the shakyas, the mauryas, kushwahas and even the lodhs and the kurmis. To say that jatavs wield the same clout under the BSP will be incorrect. But, observers say now onwards, the community would be under watch every time the BSP rules.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12078706", "title": "Ulfa suspect in grenade blast", "text": "GUWAHATI: Two people were injured in a grenade blast in the city on Tuesday. The grenade, lobbed by unidentified miscreants near Punjab National Bank branch at the Nursery area, exploded around 6 pm. The busy Nursery area was almost deserted at the time of blast due to the 24-hour nation wide bandh. Locals said the number of injured would be much higher if it was a normal working day.Police are yet to confirm about any militant outfit's involvement in the blast. But, intelligence sources suspect a Ulfa hardliners. However, no outfit has claimed any responsibility. \"Two people were injured in the blast and they were taken to Gauhati Medical College Hospital. We can't comment on any militant outfit's involvement before we investigate the matter,\" said G P Nath, IGP (central western range).The injured persons - identified as autorickshaw driver Deben Das and one Manturaj Nath - are reportedly stable and out of danger. Eye witnesses said that the grenade was lobbed from a four-wheeler coming from Zoo road and traveling towards Ganeshguri. When asked about the city police's failure in checking militant activities, SP Apurba Jiban Barua said: \"We have to probr the matter and investigation is on to find out the truth.\" Forensic officials have also collected samples from the blast site.Opposition parties have accused the police of failing to protect the common people. \"It's a clear case of police's failure that the militants have succeeded to lob a grenade in the city,\" said BJP national vice president Bijoya Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12077568", "title": "General body meeting before House change a tepid affair", "text": "NASHIK: The general body meeting (GBM) of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) held on Tuesday, before the new governing body took over, was no different from the GBMs in the past five years, when coporators winded the meetings up in a hurry without discussing most topics on the agenda.The meeting on Tuesday, chaired by outgoing mayor Naina Gholap, was wrapped up in less than half an hour, with the minutes of the previous 11 meetings being approved. Deputy municipal commissioner Deepak Kasar represented the municipal commissioner, who has been recently transferred.In the past five years, most GBMs were wound up without any discussions and many were adjourned. The outgoing House cleared all the pending issues, but unlike in all the last GBMs, there was no discussion or thanksgiving. Not many corporators attended the meeting, and the corporators of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena were absent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12078685", "title": "Bandh ruse for Rajarhat clash", "text": "KOLKATA: In an indication of the turbulent times ahead, CPM and Trinamool Congress goons used the pretext of the bandh to launch a turf war in Rajarhat on Tuesday, which left 25 people injured, among them a CPM supporter who took a bullet in his thigh.The fight started with a confrontation over whether Ramkumar Kamala Vidyalaya in Kali Park should be allowed to stay open. But it quickly turned into a fullscale battle with sticks and rods. What made it worse was that a youth was shot in the melee, apparently from the service revolver of a bodyguard of Trinamool MLA Sabyasachi Datta.While CPM blamed Trinamool and the policeman, Datta alleged CPM men had snatched the service revolver and opened fire. When senior police officers reached the spot, the guard was bleeding profusely and searching desperatly for his lost revolver. Eleven CPM supporters were arrested for the violence.At the heart of the clash is the fact that Rajarhat is still a CPM stronghold. It voted for CPM even during the 2011 Trinamool surge and the Left is using these areas as a springboard to win back its support base. The Trinamool, on the other hand, is desperate to wrest Rajarhat from the CPM.Trouble broke out around 11.30am when a CPM procession shouted slogans at the school gates, urging teachers to join the strike. Trinamool supporters led by Sabyasachi Datta rushed to the spot and allegedly tried to dissuade the teachers from coming out. This led to a fierce altercation, which turned into a free-forall and spilled to neighbouring areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078344", "title": "City artist's solo show adds colour to texture", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After numerous group shows in the city, Vadodara and Mumbai, young artist Roma Patel is showcasing her recent works in a solo exhibition 'Aesthete' at Amdavad ni Gufa. An independent artist, Roma is part of the Smart Art Hub, a studio for emerging painters in the city.Mostly done in blue, white and green, Roma's works are not about themes or stories, but speak of her own individual technique. Her paintings combine the light with the dark in a manner that is visually stimulating, and reveal certain vigour, yet at the same time, have a sense of balance as far as colour combinations are concerned. The images are sharp and edgy with a sense of movement, and bear no resemblance to each other in terms of shape or image. And still, you'd be able to spot her work anywhere, for there is a distinct liveliness in her abstract creations that seep through the lines onto the surface.Roma's initial works seem obviously inspired by her fascination for fishes.The images, colours and most importantly the texture of scales and skin dominated her paintings. With this series on display, Roma, while abandoning her imagery, has experimented with the texture.The brush strokes in her paintings reflect not just her moods, but also her freedom to break free from norms and bring forth something aesthetically beautiful to be appreciated by all. Each of her paintings arouses the need to be touched and at times, entices the visitor to know the inspiration behind the work.\"The best thing about painting is that I have the freedom to be myself and the process of learning continues. The more I paint the more I learn. My work is different from the rest , but I can't say I'm perfect. Which is a good thing, because the day an artist says he or she knows everything, is the day he or she ceases to be an artist,\" says Roma, who studied from C N College of fine arts and currently teaches art at Som Lalit School.The exhibition will continue till March 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12076547", "title": "HC summons progress report on March 13", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Tuesday directed the Uttar Pradesh Nirman Nigam to take up the construction work of all the blocks of the new high court building simultaneously in order to complete the work expeditiously. Additional solicitor general Ashok Nigam on the behalf of the Centre had assured the bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi to release the funds of its share shortly after it receives the state's proposal.Earlier, additional advocate general JN Mathur on behalf of the state informed the court that work has started and it would release funds to the Nigam at regular intervals. The court has summoned the progress report of the construction on March 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12079618", "title": "Hewlett-Packard cuts 275 engineering jobs", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Hewlett-Packard Co, the world's biggest personal-computer maker, is cutting 275 engineering jobs and other positions at its WebOS business, part of a plan to turn the operating system into open-source software.The move follows the company's announcement on December 9 that it will release WebOS under an open-source license, letting outside developers tinker with the code and use it in their products. Hewlett-Packard, which gained WebOS in its $1.2 billion acquisition of Palm Inc. in 2010, discontinued its own hardware that uses the operating system in August.\"As WebOS continues the transition from making mobile devices to open-source software, it no longer needs many of the engineering and other related positions that it required before,\" Mylene Mangalindan, a spokeswoman for the Palo Alto , California-based company, said in an e-mailed statement. \"HP is working to redeploy employees affected by these changes to other roles at the company.\"The company had undertaken a previous round of WebOS- related job cuts in September, and former Palm CEO Jon Rubinstein left the company in January. Even as it scales back the operation, Hewlett-Packard is trying to drum up interest in WebOS as an alternative to mobile platforms from Google Inc. , Apple Inc. and Microsoft Corp.While Hewlett-Packard no longer makes TouchPad tablets and Palm Pre phones, which had used WebOS, the company has said it might introduce a new device running the software in 2013. Still, Hewlett-Packard doesn't expect to make another phone with the software.Hewlett-Packard fell less than 1 per cent to $26.18 today at the close in New York . The shares have lost 40 percent of their value over the past year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12077978", "title": "Farmer pays Rs 9.5L to get", "text": "MOHALI: The auction of P and Q series by district transport office (DTO), Mohali, on Tuesday saw Makhan Singh, 28, of Badi Pind village, here, buying a fancy number for Rs 9.50 lakh for his petrol Gypsy of around Rs 5.80 lakh.Defeating bidders from urban Mohali, Makhan, an agriculturist, made the highest bid of Rs 9.50 lakh for the VIP number PB-65Q-0001.Talking to TOI, Makhan said, \"Driving Gypsy is my passiona; he VIP number will be an icing on the cake. I am eager to drive it with the fancy number on my agricultural land and Chandigarh roads.\" Last year too, he had bought a fancy number of Chandigarh series (CH-01N-0065) for Rs 4 lakh. Some time ago, he transferred this number to his Yamaha motorbike.A graduate from Sri Guru Gobind Singh College, Sector 26, Makhan said he recently grew fond of fancy numbers.Submission of Rs 1 lakh, along with the reserved price of Rs 50,000 against the VIP number, by this young agriculturist surprised the auction team members. District transport officer Sukhwinder Singh said, \"We hardly expected a 28-year-old youth to take the number and submit Rs 1 lakh on the spot.\"The second highest bid was of Rs 7 lakh for the number PB-65Q-0007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12076855", "title": "Mela shikar makes a comeback after two decades", "text": "KOLKATA: After almost two decades, Mela Shikara - alive only in the folklores of northeast India - will become a reality in Bengal. If all goes well, the state will witness this traditional method of capturing wild elephants next August. Permission for this was sought way back in 2000. But the ministry of environment and forests sanctioned it only on February 16 to capture four sub-adult elephants from Dalma herd for captive use.Assam, where this practice was once prevalent, had sought permission from the Centre in 2009 to revive the act but is sill awaiting the nod.Globally acclaimed elephant expert from Assam Parbati Barua hailed the move while recalling the days when she used to venture into the forests of Cooch Behar and Jalpaiguri to capture wild elephants in early 1980s with her father Prakritish Lalji Barua, a trained hand at the art. \"Mela shikar requires a skilled mahout, also known as a Phandi (elephant trapper). This person is able to lasso a wild elephant whilst mounted on another kunki (trained) elephant. The phandi is accompanied by another mahout assistant. Phandis feature in the folklore of northeast India,\" she said.Conservator of forests (wildlife, headquarters) S Dasgupta said the idea aims at mitigating man-elephant conflict and reduce the wild pachyderm population so that the rate of depredation is less. \"A section of the Dalma herd has gone back and another group is still around the Bengal-Jharkhand border. The herd will again come back and enter the forests near West Midnapore and Bankura in August. We will capture the tuskers then. After training, they will be used for department's forest patrolling job.\"The only difference with the traditional method, chief wildlife warden S B Mondal said, will be the use of tranquilizers instead of lasso. \"Lasso trapping needs a lot of training. Besides, it has to be seen whether phandis can be procured from northeast. That's why tranquilization is the best option,\" said an official, adding that the last time such exercise done in the state was in 1994-95 when six elephants were captured.In 1977, elephants were brought under the Schedule I of Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, and such captures were made illegal. But the Centre, under Section 12 of the same act, can give permission for capture for population control and scientific research. The ban has left many of the phandis jobless. They had to work odd jobs and even became daily wage earners. The government once settled 1000 families in 13 villages near the Assam-Arunachal border. According to Sadou Asom Hati Phando Sanmilan Union, an organization working for the rehabilitation of the jobless elephant trappers, the government has given employment to only 37 phandis since 1972.Another well-known elephant expert S S Bist said tranquilization won't make it a perfect mela shikar. \"In simple words, mela shikar is a chase-and-capture phenomenon where the kunki elephants separate the target elephant from the herd. Then the phandi, sitting on the kunki elephant, traps the target tusker with the lasso. Mostly, sub-adult elephants - which have less than seven feet of height - are the targets. They are then brought to the camps where food is given as incentives. Then the kunkis, which are bigger in size, are used to tame them. Usually, a captured elephant understands basic commands after 20 days and allow the mahout to sit on its back,\" said Bist, who is also the MD, state forest development corporation. According to him, a permission of capturing six wild elephants in the state was given in 2000 as well, but only one or two could be captured.Bist, who had participated in such a mela shikar at north bank of Brahmaputra in Assam in 2003, said this act creates a panic among the herd and scares them away from the area. Author and expert Dhritikanta Lahiri Chowdhury, who also took part in mela shikars in the state in early 70s, said tranquili-zation is a much better and effective option. However, he sounded alarm on solitary elephants which move alone and also kill human beings and damage houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12075455", "title": "Couples shun leap of faith on February 29, few ceremonies planned for today", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite its singular status in the Gregorian calendar, February 29 stands solemnly alone as far as auspicious rituals go. Old superstitions revolving around marriage and childbirth on leap day have ensured that few ceremonies or Caesarean sections will take place on Wednesday.Unlike 10.10.10 and 11.11.11 when wedding halls and labour rooms were booked weeks in advance, this unique date brings no sound and fury. Of the 100-odd marriage halls that TOI called, only two-Arya Samaj in Vashi and Sopariwala Hall in Grant Road-had weddings scheduled for February 29. Gynaecologists are only expecting to handle natural births this day, for all planned deliveries have been either advanced or deferred.Several communities believe it is best not to get married in a leap year. While all of 2012 is taboo for some, most see the actual date of February 29 as completely avoidable. Two choir members of St Anne's Church in Mazgaon chose to tie the knot in the last week of December 2011 to avoid the \"unlucky\" year while a senior editorial staffer of The Examiner told TOI that his friend's daughter also had her wedding delayed by both her and her boyfriend's family for this reason. The journalist, interestingly, was married in a leap year himself. \"I went ahead with my wedding because I did not see any reason to wait a whole year,\" he says.Fr Errol Fernandes SJ, parish priest of St Peter's Church, Bandra, admits that this superstition is prevalent among most Indian communities, including Roman Catholics. \"It is true that there are fewer weddings in a leap year,\" he says. \"However, please write in bold letters that there is nothing in the Bible to suggest that a leap year is inauspicious.\"This year, the Hindu almanac too does not actively support February 29 weddings. The last of the wedding mahurats for the month ended on February 26.\"The period of Holashtak or eight days before Holi is a time when no auspicious tasks, particularly weddings, are performed,\" says Acharya Mithilesh of Arya Samaj Goregaon. \"Holi falls on March 8 this year so Feb 29 is too close for comfort.\"Rationalists, who laugh away the bad luck superstition, joke that all those born on this day actually advance in age only once in four years. However, would-be-mothers in Mumbai say they would rather their children did not have that privilege. Gowalia Tank resident Neha Pandit was well past her delivery date of February 22 so her gynaecologist, Kekin Gala, called her for a consultation on Monday. \"I didn't remember that it was leap day when I suggested that she undergo a C-section on February 29,\" Dr Gala says. \"However, the couple did, and they requested me to advance the surgery to February 28 or delay it to March 1. Anything but leap day, they said.\"Dr Gala did as they asked, and around 2.15pm on Tuesday, Neha delivered her first child, a baby boy. Speaking from her hospital bed, the new mother said, \"My husband, Nikhil, and I decided to avoid February 29 for a practical reason-that our child would get to celebrate his birthday only once every four years. I have seen how excited my nephews and nieces are each time their birthday comes around, and I would not want my son to miss that. It would be worse when he started going to school and couldn't give his friends a treat on his special day.\"Gynaecologists and obstetricians around the city report similar experiences. Dr Rishma Pai rescheduled two planned deliveries-one was performed on February 28 and the other deferred to March 1. Dr Anita Soni, another gynaec, laughed when she recounted the case of one of her patients who went into labour on Tuesday and was hoping desperately that she gave birth before leap day arrived.All companies that maintain birthday registers find that February 29 makes the most anaemic list. Rakesh Goswami, chief of bureau of a popular news channel in Jaipur, figures on the leap year roll call. \"I cannot help marvel at the coincidence of being born on February 29. I do celebrate each year, of course, either on February 28 or March 1. Incidentally, March 1 happens to be my wedding anniversary so it becomes a double bonus. This year we will have both,\" he laughs.And while on the subject of weddings, one last popular belief: in such years, it's the woman who has the privilege of proposing marriage. It's a pleasant superstition that those who dread a leap year might do well to remember.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078437", "title": "Steep hike in city water rates coming", "text": "MUMBAI: You could soon be paying more for water. For residential buildings, the BMC's administrators are proposing a 28-43 % hike from the current Rs 3.50 to anywhere between Rs 4.50 and Rs 5 for 1,000 litres. A hike of up to 22% is being sought for slums and up to 100% for commercial units.Currently, slums pay Rs 2.25 for 1,000 litres while commercial units pay Rs 25. The hikes could take the slum rates up to Rs 2.75 and commercial rates up to Rs 50. Administrators are keeping the exact details of the hikes proposed under wraps, fearing that the newly-elected corporators will be wary of passing them due to a possible public backlash. However, an official said the hydraulics department feels the hike is long overdue because of the increased cost of producing water. It currently costs Rs 11 to produce 1,000 litres of water. According to the BMC, water rates were last hiked in 2002, when it cost a little more than Rs 7 to produce 1,000 litres.The city's water charges, touted as being among the lowest in the world, are set to move northward.Civic sources said the development may not please the public, considering that it is making do with a reduced water supply until new projects, like the Middle Vaitarna, are completed. The BMC currently supplies 3,350 million litres a day (mld), but the city requires 4,200 mld. Furthermore, nearly 700 mld of the supplied water is lost due to leaks or thefts.BMC officials said they had been proposing the hike for long, but political circles had kept the issue on the backburner. With elections over, the civic administrators will now place a proposal before the new standing committee, which is expected to vote on it by March-end , before the fiscal budget for 2012-13 is announced.According to officials, the existing cost of producing water includes the basic requirements for purification and transmission, and factors such as labour, electricity, liquid chlorine, liquid alum and so on. \"A major chunk of the production cost is being compensated by commercial units. Our production cost is Rs 11 per 1,000 litres. It is essential to revise the existing rates to maintain the extensive distribution system that supplies water from source to end user. The rising cost of water production should be borne by citizens too,\" a civic official said.Interestingly, some activists agreed the hike was unavoidable. \"The civic body is justified in increasing water tariffs. The BMC incurs costs to transport water from the reservoir to your home,\" said James John, water activist and Agni volunteer who was involved in stalling the privatization of waterworks in K-East Ward. \"Costs have increased for everything. You buy bottled water for Rs 20, so why not pay more for daily needs? Let us look at this holistically.\"The civic body will increase water charges under Section 169 of the BMC Act, 1888, through which the standing committee empowers the municipal commissioner to charge for water to residential and commercial premises by meter measurement instead of a water tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "manth (mathura)", "code": "12077307", "title": "Mathura constituencies witness a high turnout", "text": "MANTH (MATHURA): Two old warhorses - Shyam Sunder Sharma from Manth and Chaudhary Lakshmi Narayan from Chhata - are facing two different kinds of challenges.While Sharma has run into a young Jayant Chaudhary, local MP and son of RLD chief Ajit Singh, Lakshmi Narayan has to overcome his old rival Tejpal Singh,who defeated him in 2002.And going by the voters' reaction on the polling day, both may have had the battle of their lifetime. This also explains a higher than average polling - 63% - in the district. A strong presence of Jayant in the fray has made Sharma's supporters a little skeptical. Has Jayant almost made the dent?The answer comes from one of the voters at Chhari polling booth, \"He is very strong this time.\" And that's indeed the scene at Manth. \"It's a battle of equals,\" said Narendra Sharma at Tenti polling booth. Surprisingly, at majority of the booths in Manth, by 2 pm, 50% voting was either achieved or crossed. And men and women were at par. As Manth has Jats and Jatavs in abundance, followed by Brahmins and Thakurs, voters predict it to be a fight between RLD and BSP at some places. Jat voters in Manth have made their choice clear, vocally.If there are talks of anti-incumbency around, they get muted as one reaches Chhata. The constituency of Mathura could spring a much 'expected' surprise. Agriculture minister Lakshmi Narayan,who also happened to be the only one from BSP government, to have gone to strife-torn villages of Gautam Budh Nagar, post May 2011 violence, is very much in the reckoning. But what makes it difficult for him at Chhata is the presence of another biggie, Tejpal Singh from RLD. \"For the last 20 years at least, I remember they have been pitched against each other in elections,\" said Shyam Sundar, a voter at Chhata polling booth.People vote for two of them, irrespective of the party they contest from, and that's their might. The hold that the two enjoy over voters is evident from the fact that many people at Chhata polling booth more than readily said it's \"haathi vs nal\".Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080555", "title": "Shankar quashes rumors", "text": "Director Shankar has announced through his web site that he is still working on the script for his next film.The ace director, who is fresh out of the success that the Vijay starrer Nanban has fetched him, has said that penning the story for his upcoming film is keeping him busy these days.The director added that he has not finalized anyone for his forthcoming film thereby quashing reports that he has roped in Telugu star Prabhas and Mollywood superstar Mohanlal to play the lead roles.From what Shankar has announced, looks like his project is yet to begin. Let's wait for an official announcement from Shankar on his next!Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12077645", "title": "LNG Terminal gets two fire tenders", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi LNG Terminal will now have its own fire tenders to conduct rescue operations and address emergency situations. Two fire tenders arrived at the project site at Puthuvypeen last week.These will be part of a fire and rescue station, which will be commissioned on the terminal premises in October, a senior official at the terminal said on Tuesday. This fire station might also be of help to the city's Fire and Rescue Services Department.\"Initially its services will be used for emergency situations in the terminal and nearby industries on mutual understanding. At a later stage we will consider rendering our services to others,\" the official said. The fire tenders with air-conditioned cabins will use water, foam and dry chemical for rescue operations. Each has three tanks with a capacity of 13,000 litres.According to the official, these multipurpose fire tenders can prevent oxidation of liquefied natural gas in case of an emergency.An official in the Fire and Rescue Services Department said this could be the first time a fire tender is being brought to the city. \"At present, the fire trucks cannot use water and foam simultaneously,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12077494", "title": "57% vote in GB Nagar, just 50% in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Gautam Budh Nagar district maintained the trend of high turnouts in the UP assembly polls, with 57% of eligible voters casting their ballots on Tuesday, up sharply from 44% in 2007.The three assembly seats in the district are Dadri, Jewar and Noida, respectively.While Dadri saw a turnout of 61% on Tuesday (against barely 42% in 2007), Jewar recorded 62% (49% in 2007). Noida, making its debut as an assembly seat after being carved out of Dadri, recorded 50% voter turnout.Political parties are struggling to interpret the enthusiasm displayed by voters. Normally, it would signal an anti-incumbency wave. However, many elections in recent times have seen voters turn up in large numbers to give the ruling dispensation a massive endorsement.Polling in Noida for the first four hours saw only 22% of the voters turning up, but by 1pm it had gone up to 32%. The district administration said that urban voters in Noida rarely turned up to vote. But this year, there has been an upsurge in the urban voter turnout. According to party workers, this might be an important factor in election results.\"The urban voters might well decide who wins in Noida. It's a factor that is hard to calculate for political parties since in the past they haven't turned up to vote in large numbers,\" said Sunder Yadav, SP party worker. Polling at Jewar, the constituency that was the epicentre of the farmers' agitation across the state, began on a sluggish note with just 10 to 15% voter turnout recorded across the 291 booths in the first two hours. It picked up around noon and by 1 pm, 40% votes had been cast. With the land acquisition row and the Bhatta-Parsaul clash dominating the poll issue across Jewar, residents said that they had pledged to turn up in large numbers and cast their ballots to \"let go of the past scarred with violence and agitations.\"\"We are farmers and our land meant everything to us. Yet, the state decided to take away our land under the pretext of establishing industries and universities,\" said Liaquat Ali (70) of Dankaur. Dadri, the assembly seat which is also the site of Mayawati's ancestral village, had polled 38% votes by 1pm. However, there were several voters, particularly in the city area, who did not cast their votes because their names had not figured in the voters' lists. In the villages of Roja Jalalpur, Tilapta and Badalpur, polling was brisk and there were no glitches in voter list mismatch in the rural areas as compared to the urban areas. In Roja Jalalpur,which is in the heart of the Noida Extension area, close to 13% voters had cast their ballots in the first two hours itself.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hobart", "code": "12076173", "title": "India vs Sri Lanka: Mighty Virat Kohli earns bonus point for Dhoni &amp; Co", "text": "HOBART: Virat Kohli played the innings of his life to script a miraculous victory for India on a pleasant evening on Tuesday. His monumental effort helped India achieve the 'mission impossible' in an epic run-chase against Sri Lanka in their tri-series game.The victory will prove to be doubly sweet for India if Australia defeat Sri Lanka in their last league game which will give the Men in Blue an unexpected entry into the Tri-series finals.Not many would have given India a semblance of a chance after Sri Lanka posted a mammoth 320 for 4. That imposing tally had to be chased down in 40 overs since India had to win by a bonus point to stay alive.Yet, riding on the brilliance of Kohli's ninth ODI hundred, India rose from the ashes to put up their best batting performance of the summer. The fact that they raced off to their target (321-3) in just 36.4 overs sums up their total domination of the Sri Lankan bowling.One is not sure what the Indians had for dinner or what was discussed within the team at the break. But the Indians played like a team possessed in what became a 40-over shoot-out for them.Virender Sehwag and Sachin Tendulkar made their intentions clear putting on 54 runs in 6.4 overs. In the next phase, Gautam Gambhir and Kohli kept the momentum going, sharing a 115-run stand for the third wicket.When it came to the final act, Kohli turned it on in the company of Suresh Raina. Together they added an amazing 120 runs in mere 55 balls taking the Sri Lankan bowlers to the cleaners.When Gambhir (63; 64b, 4x4) was run out in the 28th over, India needed 120 runs at almost 10 runs an over. But then, the last phase of the run chase was as brilliant as it was thrilling. Sri Lanka brought in Lasith Malinga, the world's best bowler at the death overs. For India, Kohli took it upon himself to provide the necessary fireworks.The defining moment of India's run-chase came in the 35th over when Kohli's took a couple off Malinga's first ball to complete his century.At the moment he reached the landmark, he didn't go overboard. He waved his bat, smiled and kissed his helmet. Perhaps the six he hit over mid-wicket off the next ball was his way of celebrating his knock. Then he creamed the next four deliveries for consecutive boundaries. That over from Malinga cost 24 runs and his overall figures of 7.4-0-96-1 indicate how badly he was roughed up.Kohli finished 133 not out off just 86 balls in which he smashed 16 fours and two sixes. Suresh Raina played his part to perfection scoring 40 off 24 balls which included a flicked six off Malinga.Sri Lanka had earlier feasted on a listless Indian bowling and fielding as they posted their best total (320-4) in the series. The Indians somehow lacked intensity in the field. Tillakaratne Dilshan (160*; 165b, 11x4, 3x6) and Kumar Sangakkara (105; 87b, 8x4,2x6) made the most of the offerings on the placid pitch featuring in a 200-run stand for the second wicket.There were three hundreds scored in the game but Kohli's effort eclipsed everything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12075933", "title": "Judicial custody of 13 accused extended till March 13", "text": "JODHPUR: A special CBI court here extended the judicial custody of 13 accused in the Bhanwari case till March 13. All the accused including Mahipal Maderna and Paras Ram Bishnoi were produced in the court on Tuesday.There are 16 accused currently under judicial custody. Among them, the custody of Mahipal Maderna, Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, Sahi Ram, Paras Ram Bishnoi, Amarchand, Umesha Ram, Reshma Ram, Pukh Raj, Dinesh, Bishan Ram, Kailash Jakhar, Om Prakash and Ashok Bishnoi expired on Tuesday.The CBI was also expected to file the charge-sheet on Tuesday but on account of some lingering documentation work, it is now expected to be filed on Wednesday, which is the 90-day deadline for the CBI to file the same. A failure to file the chargesheet will mean bail for the duo without any application.\"The CBI was hoping to file a final chargesheet on Wednesday. But in the absence of Indra Bishnoi, who is a key suspect in the case, and other four other important witnesses, whom the CBI had mentioned in its affidavit as hiding due to pressure on them, a third charge-sheet will now have to filed. The third chargesheet will be the final chargesheet,\" said a lawyer.But the delay in filing the final chargesheet will lead to further delay in commencement of the trial of the case. The SC/ST court, where the preliminary chargesheet was filed on December 2, has constantly been deferring the trial for want of the final chargesheet.Meanwhile, a case has been filed against Malkhan Singh Bishnoi at the Sursagar police station in Jodhpur (rural) for the procurement of a SIM card on the basis of fake documents. Malkhan Singh has alllagedly used this SIM card to threaten a CBI inspector, Vishal Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076835", "title": "Bhushan writes to CJI against judge", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Campaign for Judicial Accountability and Reforms (CJAR) has complained to the Chief Justice of India against a sitting additional judge of the Delhi high court who sent a businessman to a mental asylum for recording court proceedings.Advocate Prashant Bhushan, convener of CJAR has accused Justice Suresh Kait of gross abuse of power in passing \"vindictive and malicious orders calculated to intimidate a litigant\" and urged the CJI not to confirm him as a permanent judge of HC.In January this year Justice Kait had ordered that one Deepak Khosla \"needed a check-up\" at the Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences (IHBAS), on the grounds that Khosla kept disrespecting court orders prohibiting him from recording court proceedings. Justice Kait had in his January 4 order directed the medical superintendent of IHBAS to examine Khosla for his mental stability and observed, \"It seems that he is suffering from some kind of mental disorder as he has been taking the courts for granted and has been acting over-smart.\"Justice Kait had also asked the medical superintendent to constitute a medical board, who shall further examine and assess Khosla on a daily basis for a fortnight and, thereafter, submit the report before the court. The order was subsequently stayed by a division bench of the high court. Khosla has been fighting to get permission to do audio-video recording of court proceedings in cases where he is a litigant. While he succeeded in getting a favorable order from a single judge on this issue, a division bench headed by the then Chief Justice Dipak Misra had rejected his plea.In his complaint sent to the CJI as well as other authorities including the President of India, the Prime Minister and the law minister, Bhushan slams Justice Kait's order, saying it was passed without jurisdiction or following due process. CJAR says it fears if such a conduct by a judge of HC is overlooked it would seriously undermine the rule of law and public confidence in judiciary. \"If a judge of the Delhi high court gets away with impunity even though his misconduct and abuse of position is common knowledge, public would lose confidence in the very institution of democracy,\" Bhushan, who defended Khosla in court, adds in the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12076353", "title": "Busy days for Ravi Naik", "text": "PONDA: With just a few days left for election campaigns to end, home minister Ravi Naik relaxes at his hotel, coordinating his campaign trail that will take him through the Ponda and Marcaim constituencies.He starts with a cup of tea at his hotel. Then, he starts at the top-meeting with village leaders who wield power over their areas. While doing so, he suddenly receives a phone call. It's from Congress leaders, asking him to organize a road show for former Indian cricket captain and Congress MP Mohammad Azharuddin.He then alerts his supporters. \"Azharuddin is coming to Haveli and Naga Masjid,\" he tells his supporters. He also calls his supporters in Curti, telling his supporters that this meeting would be important for youth as they would get a chance to meet Azharuddin.After tea, he geads towards Bathoda in his brand new Innova. As he reaches, the area is already swarmed with people from Ponda and Marcaim, waiting to put forward their grievances. \"Election time, people come with their personal problems,\" laughs Naik.As he enters the 3,000-capacity hall, he lends a patient ear to his potential voters. In between, Marcaim Zilla Panchayat member Urmila Naikcomes in to meet Naik. They discuss election-related issues for sometime, and then she leaves the venue.Later, Naik met Curti-Khandepar sarpanch Suraj Naik and members of the Congress' Ponda block. Together, they finalize the evening corner meeting and the Azharuddin road show. \"If we wait here, we'll get stuck\", Naik tells his supporters as he gets into his vehicle.On the way, residents of Mudder and Khandepar call him, requesting him to attend the installation ceremony of a goddess. Naik instructs his driver accordingly-he heads there, meets the villagers, and has lunch with them.At around 3 pm he returns to the hotel. While munching on an apple, his supporters tell him two ministers have come down from Delhi. Naik refuses to move; he tells his supporters to tend to them while he continued waiting for Azharuddin.At 5 pm, Azharuddin entered the hotel. \"It is Muslim-dominated area, you can speak Hindi, the people are mostly from Karnataka,\" Naik tells him. He then apprises the former cricket captain of his achievements. \"You know, I have done a lot of work in Ponda-a sports complex, hospital, Ravindra bhavan, kabrastan for Muslim community, etc.\" The cricketer in Azharuddin retorted, \"is there a cricket stadium?\" Everybody laughed.After attending the roadshow in Curti, Naik immediately left to head to Durbhat in Marcaim, where he attended the rally of his son Ritesh. There, he appealed to the people to vote for the person and not the symbol, perhaps keeping in mind that till date, the Congress has never won that seat.After this, Naik heads to Ponda to attend eight corner meetings. Then, it's time for review, which he does with his supporters, as he ends another day on the campaign trail.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "12078641", "title": "NRI's plot to murder wife goes awry", "text": "MOGA: A plot hatched by a Canadian NRI to eliminate his wife with the kelp of contract killers failed, when Harpreet Kaur, a government schoolteacher in Raunta, escaped the bid on her life on Monday afternoon. She was seriously injured when two men on a motorcycle waylaid her vehicle when she was returning from school and fired at her twice.A case of attempt to murder has been registered against the bikers, while the woman's husband, Gurjit Singh, has been charged with hatching the conspiracy.Harpreet had married Gurjit Singh of Raunta less than a year back.Nihal Singh Wala SHO Harvinder Singh said, ''As per Harpreet's statement, Gurjit returned to Canada after marriage, promising to arrange passage for her soon. But he seemed least interested in calling her there.''The NRI's wife told police that he had probably hired contract killers to get her out of his way.His decision not to take Harpreet to Canada once they had tied the knot led to their relations getting soured and Harpreet began living with her relatives in Ludhiana. She used to commute to the school in her Toyota Innova from Ludhiana every day.Sitting at her daughter's bedside at a hospital in Ludhiana, Harpreet's mother Baljit Kaur said, \"We never thought our son-in-law would act this way, we suspect he may have married again.''Harpreet's colleagues said she was feeling let-down by her husband's behaviour, and they were not on good terms.Moga SSP Inderbir Singh said, ''If the husband is involved in hiring killers to eliminate Harpreet, we will make efforts to get him extradited and arrest him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077752", "title": "IAS officers promoted", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two IAS officers of the 1979 batch were on Tuesday promoted to the rank of special chief secretaries from that of principal secretary while all the 7 AP cadre officers of the 1987 batch were promoted to the rank of principal secretary from that of secretary.IYR Krishna Rao and S Chellappa were 1979 batch officers who were promoted. Of the 7 officers belonging to this batch, two are on central deputation. Chellappa is due to superannuate from service on Wednesday and another officer will be elevated in the vacancy caused by his exit. The seven 1987 batch officers who were promoted to principal secretary rank are: J S Venkateshwara Prasad, Neerabh Kumar Prasad, Rajiv Ranjan Mishra, D Sreenivasulu, Aditya Nath Das, Vasudha Mishra and P Krishnaiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12078433", "title": "Dalit man charred to death inside Silchar shop", "text": "SILCHAR: A man was charred to death at Gangapur village on Monday night when the shop inside which he was sleeping caught fire.Like other days, Chunilal Rabidas (34), a Dalit, was sleeping inside his shop, while his wife and three children were at home on Monday night. Suddenly at 11 pm, villagers noticed that the store was in flames. They rushed to the spot and tried to douse the flames by pouring water. But by then, the shop was gutted.A number of villagers, as well as members of Chunilal's family present on the spot, on Tuesday alleged that some miscreants poured petrol on the shop and then torched it which led to the death of Chunilal. However, no FIR has been lodged so far.Silchar police station OC said police rushed to the spot and recovered the body, which was sent to Silchar Medical College Hospital for autopsy. He added that a probe has been launched and it is yet to be ascertained weather it was the handiwork of miscreants or an accident.However, the village, dominated by Dalits, is tense because of the incident.In a separate case, police rounded up two persons on Tuesday in connection with the brutal murder of Biswanath Goala (50) and his son, Bishal (23), inside their house at Merua Grant village near Silchar on February 22. Another person was wounded in the attack.The arrested have been identified as Mati Ghatwar and Shyam Ghatwar. The duo was Biswanath's neighbours. They are being interrogated in Silchar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12077788", "title": "Controversy erupts over dalit\u2019s suicide", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The suicide of a dalit Babu alias Preaman (40) in Koyilandy on February 25 is gradually snowballing into a controversy. A joint action committee will be formed on Wednesday to demand a probe into the incident that led Babu to end his life.People in the region say that he was beaten up by a group of 20-odd people when he visited the house of a woman near Kuravangad Central Upper Primary School in Koyilandy on February 24. It is alleged that he was thrashed and labelled as a thief before he was handed over to Koyilandy police. Apparently the miscreants also shot the entire incident on mobile camera and uploaded it on Youtube.According to A Rajesh, a close friend and neighbour of Babu, though he was let off by the police, he was upset over the incident.\"We saw the video clippings and have identified the group who bet him up,\" he said. Rajesh said that Babu was stripped and his hands were tied to his back. Babu, a jeep driver by profession, is survived by his mother, wife, grandmother and a four year-old daughter. He was the member of the Koyilandy Taxi drivers union affiliated to CITU.The police have registered a case under section 174 (unnatural death) of CrPC. Circle inspector P Haridasan said the probe is in the initial stage and a case could be registered under section 306 (abetment of suicide) of IPC.The cops have sized the cell phones of Babu and the woman whose house he had visited. It has been handed over to the cyber cell. However, no arrest has been registered so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076579", "title": "SSC, CBSE exams from Thursday", "text": "MUMBAI: Thursday will mark the start of three sets of board examinations - the Secondary School Certificate (SSC), and Class X and XII exams of Central Board of Secondary Examinations (CBSE). Last year, the school-based assessment system introduced for Class X CBSE students found many takers. However, those opting for it have dropped drastically this time.Last year, of the 16,000-odd Class X students in the state, 5,063 opted for the school-based exams. This year, 21,000 students from Maharashtra will take the Class X CBSE exam, but a mere 3,081 students have opted for the school-based exams. \"This includes students who are studying in schools that function only till Class X, so they must have chosen the board exams over the school-based assessment so that they can be accommodated in junior colleges under the state rule,\" said Rama Sharma, PRO for the CBSE board. In Mumbai, of the total 3,908 students appearing for the Class X examination, 1,100 students have opted for school-based assessment.\"Students are upbeat and even though some still visit our school for last-minute tips, most others are relaxing now. We advise students to rest well before the examinations,\" said Rakesh Joshi, principal of Apeejay School in Nerul. A total of 9,822 students will appear for the CBSE Class XII examination from Maharashtra.The current batch of SSC students will be the first to appear for the changed Science and Maths patterns. \"Students have nothing to worry about as schools have informed them well in advance about the changes. Our state board helpline numbers are available for students whenever they need us and our aim is to always make the examination season as stress-free for students as possible,\" said Ravindra Bhise, divisional state board secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12077006", "title": "All play and little work at Writers'", "text": "KOLKATA: It was an hour before sunrise when the employees started coming in. Some came in groups between 6 and 6.30 in the morning. And by the time the clock struck 8, they took their seats - a scene Writers' Buildings never witnessed before. The usual reporting time at the state secretariat is 10am.It was a day Writers' Buildings never witnessed before. Employees started coming in by 5 am on Tuesday morning, some came in groups between 6 and 6.30 in the morning, and by the time it was 8 am, the gates had already opened and the employees were going into their departments in rows and groups. The usual time of reporting to work is 10 am, but that is strictly never followed by a majority of the 8,000 odd employees who come to work at Writers' Buildings every day.But how and why did it happen? It was the much talked about circular of the past few days that did the trick. While the entire city witnessed a shutdown, thanks to the nation-wide strike called by the Left trade unions, the buildings housing the secretariat were very much alive and chock-a-block with most of the employees at their desks. And chief minister Mamata Banerjee was happy. Addressing a press conference, she said: \"It is the end of the no-work culture, and it has been proved that if one wants to work, there is a way.\"According to the chief minister, the attendance was 98% to 100% in most departments, 60 of which she visited herself.The circular issued by chief secretary Samar Ghosh last week said that leave would not be granted if employees did not report to work. Many called the circular illegal, some said it was draconian and against the Fundamental Rights, but most of the employees did not take a chance.Would there be a break in service? Would it affect their promotion? The uncertainty and fear of what the repercussion could be, worked wonders.Some stayed back at Writers' on Monday night, joining tables to prepare makeshift beds, having dinner from the canteen. They woke up in the morning, took bath and went to their respective departments.The Writers' Buildings employees, who have all these years loved bandhs on Mondays and Fridays as it would mean extended weekends, and taken casual leaves on bandh days, all woken up early on Tuesday and were all \"present\" even before it was time to report.Kakoli Ghosh, an employee of the sports department, reached office by 8am. \"I stay at Dum Dum and I took the first Metro this morning to reach office by 8am. Why take chances?\" she said.Arvind Kumar Pandit, an UD assistant in municipal affairs department said: \"My home is at Shyamnagar and so I stayed back at a colleague's place in Taratolla last night.\"Sashanka Sekhar Maity, typist in the agriculture department was among the first few to reach Writers' on Tuesday. \"I took the Azimgunj Passenger train from Katwa and reached Howrah at 4.5am. By 5am I was at Writers' and had to wait till 7am for the gates to open. I came early fearing I might not get any transport later in the day.\"So, was it out of fear that employees horded down to the secretariat? \"I think everyone made some arrangement or other following the circular,\" Pandit said.But if they were all at Writers' Buildings well before the scheduled time to report, was it a \"busy working day\"? Not really, if you were keenly hearing the whispers on the ground.\"Tapan! Shall we take the 4.22pm train? I am just whiling away the time. You want to take the 5pm one? Why? It's 3pm now. Sorry then, I'll get delayed. I'll leave soon. See you tomorrow,\" an employee was heard saying this to his colleague over the phone while walking along the corridor.Many were bleary-eyed. \"We had to wake up early and come to work after all. So we have to leave early,\" said an employee.Many argued that they had to leave early in order to find transport. And for most part of the day, there were endless chats on how they had come to work defying odds.Many walked along the corridors, looking with awe at what the CM had to say, some women were seen chatting on the newest jewellery design sitting on the corridor chairs, some men were busy enjoying a smoke.The usual chatter was there, the usual cacophony followed by endless sessions of cha and adda, the sleepy afternoon under the incessant noise of the fans, the dusty mountains of files - everything looked usual. And by the end of the day, employees were taken in two buses to Howarh and Sealdah. Just another day where there is all play and no work for most of the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077711", "title": "Nursery scam: DFO, four others get PCR", "text": "NAGPUR: In a big embarrassment to the state forest department, five social forestry employees involved in the Rs 3 crore nursery scam were remanded to police custody on Tuesday.The accused, who had come to surrender before the chief judicial magistrate in Nagpur on Monday, were arrested dramatically by the Umrer police.On Tuesday, former deputy director BA Mitra, plantation officers SC Gaikwad (Bhiwapur) and SS Supe (Umred), assistant plantation officer of Bhiwapur SR Gupta and clerk Sunil Bandebuche were produced before the judicial magistrate first class NA Sirosia.After arguments that lasted four hours, the JMFC court remanded all the accused to seven-day police custody till March 6.Sources said the accused, who were on the run after the Supreme Court and high court rejected their anticipatory bail, have been kept in a lock-up like hard-core criminals.The scam is dubbed as one of the biggest in the social forestry department. It involved transfer of over 10 lakh saplings from small packets to large ones from nurseries in Umrer and Bhiwapur but the work remained only on paper.These officials prepared bogus bills and recorded fake statements to siphon off huge sums of government money. The accused also prepared fake estimates and forwarded them without any verification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078547", "title": "KEM operation theatre to reopen today", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic-run KEM Hospital, which last week shut one of its operation theatres dedicated to orthopaedic procedures after maggots were found in the vicinity, has said the OT will be functional from Wednesday . The hospital authorities denied any scare of infection and said it was a preventive step.Head of orthopaedic department Dr Pradeep Bhonsale said the OT was shut as a preventive measure. \"One of our staffers found two dead maggots outside the sterile area on Thursday. The maggots were found in a place where we remove our footwear and not inside the operation theatre.\"He refuted that there were dead pigeons in the air-condition duct as reported by a section of the media. Bhonsale added that surgeries will be resumed from Wednesday as the microbiology department has given the go-ahead . TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12077293", "title": "Behrampur sewage treatment plant was blacklisted in 2010, says civic body official", "text": "GURGAON: The private company in charge of maintaining the Haryana Urban Development Authority's (HUDA) Behrampur sewage treatment plant had been blacklisted by the Delhi Jal Board (DJB) in 2010, it came to light on Tuesday.HUDA had shelled out Rs 23 crore for setting up the state-of-the-art sewage treatment plant at Behrampur village in 2006. The plant is underutilized and functions far below its optimum capacity of treating 50MLD sewage. According to conservative estimates, the plant receives around 25MLD from different areas. The contract for setting up the plant was given in 2006 and it was to be completed in 14 months. The company overshot the deadline and the plant was finally completed in 2010 and in September it was functional.On being asked about the shady background of the company, a senior HUDA official said: \"The company was blacklisted by DJB in 2010 but HUDA had hired the firm in 2006 for setting up the plant.\" He was, however, quick to add that HUDA rejected the company's tender application for the expansion work at the Behrampur plant.HUDA is planning to expand the plant that will optimize its capacity to 170MLD. The revamp will take place after more than three years. When asked if HUDA has any plans to hire a new firm, the official said: \"This decision will be taken after the term of the contract gets over in four years,\" said a HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12078017", "title": "New deputy mayor to focus on welfare of residents", "text": "COIMBATORE: The unexpected elevation of Leelavathi Unni as the first woman deputy mayor of Coimbatore Corporation has come as a surprise as she was never mentioned when discussing probable candidates. As per Leelavathi's own admission, she had no clue about the turn of events on Monday morning, when she left her RS Puram residence for the crucial corporation council meeting.Having completed her PUC, Leelavathi was state executive member of AIADMK and secretary of the district women's wing of the party, although she was never in the forefront of the party. However, her husband P G Unni is a well known platform speaker of the party, who draws huge crowds. Earlier, he was an employee of Life Insurance Corporation, giving it up to be a full time activist of the party. The party has conferred the title of Thalamai pechalar (chief propagandist) on him.Leelavathi's elder daughter is a lecturer with a leading college in the city while her younger daughter is a software engineer. Her growth from house wife to deputy mayor is phenomenal. She moved out of the shadow of her husband and began working amongst residents of R S Puram. When she was posted in ward 73, she immediately won appreciation of voters. After becoming councilor, she became proactive in addressing burning issues of the residents.I consider this a great opportunity to serve city residents. I will work with the mayor and councilors to assist in the welfare and development of the city,\" she said.\"So far, I have used politics as a means to empower women and uphold their rights. I will continue to focus on their welfare,'' she added.The election was necessitated following removal of N Chinnadurai from the deputy mayor post because of his proximity to Sasikala Natarajan, estranged friend of Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, and her close relative MRP Ravanan, who is presently in jail in connection with a series of cheating cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077619", "title": "TDP leader booked", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Chandanagar police have arrested a TDP leader, who unsuccessfully contested the 2009 Assembly elections from Serilingampally constituency, in a harassment case.TDP leader M Satyaranayana, 53, of Chandanagar had married Padma in 1985. On Tuesday, Padma lodged a complaint with the Chandanagar police alleging that Satyanarayana was physically and mentally torturing her to get money from her parents. \"Based on the complaint, we have booked cases against Satyanarayana under Sections 498-A (subjecting a married woman to cruelty) and Sections 3, 4 of the Dowry Prohibition Act,\" Chandanagar inspector B Surender Rao said. He was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12078279", "title": "Cyber cops come a cropper", "text": "PATNA: While using your ATM/Debit card, make sure to follow all safety guidelines as ATM frauds are increasing in the city. Even minor carelessness can cost you high.The city's Cyber Crime Investigation Unit (CCIU), constituted in May last year, has registered as many as 22 ATM/Debit card fraud cases from different police stations of the state capital in the past one year, involving a sum of around Rs 12 lakh. Seven cases were registered at Secretariat PS, five at Kotwali PS, four at Gandhi Maidan PS and one each at Pirbahore PS, Kadam Kuan PS, Jakkanpur PS, Dhanarua, Shastri Nagar and Airport PS. \"Many such cases go unregistered,\" said an official of CCIU.One of the victims of ATM fraud, Lallan (name changed), who is a retired police officer and has an account at the SBI's Secretariat branch, has suffered a loss of Rs 4 lakh. Similarly, Rakesh (name changed), a railway officer who has an account in SBI's Gandhi Maidan branch, has suffered a loss of Rs 1.5 lakh.\"Almost all the ATM fraud cases registered at CCIU are related to State Bank India,\" LM Sharma, in-charge of the unit, told TOI. \"Despite repeatedly complaining about the lack of security at their ATMs, SBI has yet not taken any major action against this.\" \"Unlike other banks, SBI doesn't have a three-layer security system for their Debit cards. This make their customers prone to fraud,\" said Sharma.Asked about it, CS Mishra, assistant general manager (ATM), SBI, said, \"We provide ATMs to only literate people, who assure us to follow the guidelines. There are as many as 92 SBI ATMs in the city and all have CCTV and a guard.\"He added, \"These (fraud) cases occur only due to carelessness of customers, who either take help from strangers while withdrawing money from ATMs or are too careless regarding the safety of their secret pin number.\" Talking about three-layer security for SBI Debit cards, Mishra said, \"Other than online transactions, manual transactions require pin number.\" \"We are planning to introduce three-layer security system in debit cards for online payments.\"The progress in cracking such fraud cases has been slow. CCIU has so far solved only two cases of ATM fraud while 20 are still pending. Other than ATM frauds, 55 cases have been registered at CCIU in the past one year, but only 10 cases have been solved. Sharma said, \"We do not get proper support from BSNL.\" Most of our cases are pending because BSNL is not providing us the IP addresses of modems and mobile number used for crime. Whenever we ask them, they either do not reply or claim that they do not keep IP addresses for more than a month.\"Explaining the situation , Mahendra Srivastava, GM (mobile), BSNL, Bihar said, \"We keep IP addresses for a year, that too unofficially. But, we don't keep IP address records locally; our Network Operation Data Control Centre Services (NODCCS) in Bangalore keeps all the records.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12076816", "title": "Gangsters committed heists in Bengal: Cops", "text": "CHENNAI: Some of the five bank robbery suspects gunned down in Velachery on Thursday last were involved in a couple of bank heists in West Bengal in 2011, the Chennai police have learnt. A special team, led by an assistant commissioner, is now camping in that state.Police said gang leader Sujay Kumar Ray and his associates, who committed two bank robberies in Mumbai in 2010 and went underground before striking at a bank in Chhattisgarh, may have been involved in the robberies reported in West Bengal. \"Our team in West Bengal is in touch with police of that state to get more details,\" a police officer said.Two assistant inspectors of the Mumbai police are here to conduct inquiries about two of the five suspects killed in Chennai.Police sources said the two - Rajiv Kumar alias Harish Kumar and Sujay Kumar Ray - were involved in two bank robberies within Borivali and Charkop police limits in 2010. In the bank robbery in Charkop police limits, one of the accused was named as Abhay Kumar Singh (his original name is Rajiv Kumar).In the same case, police arrested Sujay's associates Sonukumar Yadav, Aniket Parab, Mahendra Jerri D'souza, Bramhanand Dubey, Sayyed Jaffar Shaha Baba.Police sources said Sujay Kumar was roped in by Sayyed Jaffar, who masterminded the Mumbai bank robberies. After Jaffar's arrest by the Mumbai police, a team led by Sujay Kumar committed a bank robbery in Chhattisgarh and then Sujay came down to Chennai, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12078431", "title": "Two minor girls still untraced", "text": "INDORE: There is no trace of two minor sisters, who had gone missing on February 25 from the government-run child care centre Rajkiya Bal Sanrakshan Ashram here.The two girls were handed over to Rajkiya Bal Sanrakshan Ashram by a child care voluntary organization on the order of the child welfare committee after they were found to be wandering on the city roads.Coordinator of Childline, a voluntary organization looking into the issues related to children, Manisha Payal, said that she received a call from the Rajkiya Bal Sanrakshan Ashram on February 25 that the girls identified as Payal, 11, and her sister Ankita, 7, had gone missing a day after they were handed over to it for their proper care. Manisha said the girls were orphans as their parents died a few years ago and their grandmother, Kallu, approached Childline seeking to return her granddaughters. Childline did not hand over the girls to her as she could not produce any documents substantiating the claim.Since Childline could not keep the girls for more than 72 hours, it handed them over to Rajkiya Bal Sanrakshan Ashram, following the order of child welfare committee on February 24.The very next day, Childline received a call that the girls had gone missing. Since then they have not been traced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078464", "title": "HC: Quota for women only in polls, not parking scheme", "text": "MUMBAI: Observing that reservation policies should be rational, the Bombay High Court on Tuesday told the civic body to reconsider its decision to allot 50% of its proposed pay-and-park scheme to women's self-help groups. A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by former councillor Hamida Mistry and social worker Aslam Qureishi, challenging the reservation scheme for the pay-and-park proposal for 92 locations across the city.According to the petition, 50% parking slots will be given to Mahila Bachat Gut Yojana or women's self help groups , 25% to special organizations /educated unemployed youth and the rest 25% will be kept in the open category , including heirs of martyrs . The BMC will float tenders for the slots and expects to generate Rs 11.13 crore from licence fees over 24 months. The groups that get the contracts are supposed to run the parking lots and, after paying the BMC, make a profit out of the earnings. But on November 15, 2011, the court passed an interim order, restraining the BMC from finalizing the tender.The judges said there was a constitutional provision for 50% reservation for women only for polls. Justice Majmudar asked, \"Why can't you reduce the percentage for women and keep it for the open category?\" BMC advocate Komal Punjabi said the scheme was cleared in a group leaders ' meeting with the mayor.Petitioner's counsel S U Kamdar also questioned the slots reserved for heirs of martyrs and the unemployed. \"How can you have 75% reservations ? If these are under tenders, the idea is to get maximum revenue,\" he added. The judges questioned the logic of reservation for the unemployed and how they would fulfil the financial conditions of the tender. Punjabi said, \"For education, one can take loans. Same way, they can take loans. The unemployed need support from the state.\" Justice Majmudar said, \"Ask your (municipal ) commissioner to apply his mind. Ultimately you (BMC) will be the loser.\" The judges said BMC must implement the scheme up to 50% and test its success for a year. The next hearing is on March 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12077866", "title": "CM DVS Gowda to give 5 state hockey heroes Rs 5L", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda announced cash awards of Rs 5 lakh each to the five hockey players from Karnataka who played stellar roles in scything India's path to London Olympics. Captain and goalkeeper Bharat Chetri, defenders Ignace Tirkey and VR Raghunath and frontliners SV Sunil and SK Uthappa, who were part of the Indian team which defeated France 8-1 in the final of Olympic qualifiers in New Delhi on Sunday, will be felicitated by the CM in March.The Department of Youth Services and Sports had also recommended Rs 1 lakh each for three support staff, including assistant coach BJ Kariappa, but no decision has been taken on that front so far. \"I will soon hold a felicitation function to present the awards,\" Gowda said.Chetri, Tirkey, Raghunath and Sunil also hope that they would be honoured for another trophy triumph last year. In fact, Gowda, who also holds the sports portfolio, had announced Rs 5 lakh each for the four players for having been part of the Indian team which won the Asian Champions Trophy in Ordos, China, in September.VR Raghunath said the award had come as a boost. \"I am thankful to the CM for his gesture. I am happy that our feats are being recognised. Such encouragement will only push us to perform better at the Olympics,\" he told TOI. Raghunath, who was one of the members of the team which failed to qualify for the Olympics in 2008, said the victory in New Delhi had helped in erasing bitter memories. \"We were dejected four years ago. But I had made up my mind to work towards qualifying for the Olympics. What we achieved in Delhi on Sunday will spell a big turnaround for the game.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12077826", "title": "Kaithapram hassled by Marad SIT probe team", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Lyricist and music composer Kaithapram Damodaran Namboodiri has complained to chief minister Oommen Chandy that he was harassed by the special investigation team (SIT) led by C M Pradeep Kumar, former crime branch SP, which is probing the wider conspiracy behind the Marad carnage in 2003.The SIT, however, maintains that Kaithapram was summoned to explain his visit to Marad after the incident as the emissary of NRI businessman Gulfar Muhammadali.But Kaithapram said he went to Marad with a peace mission. \"Many writers and artistes had gone there to establish peace. Will Pradeep Kumar question all of them?\" asked the lyricist.He added that Pradeep Kumar kept him under a cloud of suspicion and leaked the information about his questioning to the media. Kaithapram challenged the SIT to summon the leaders of both the communities in Marad and ask them whether he had harmed them in any way. \"I am pained over the way they behaved with me. That is why I personally handed over my complaint to the chief minister when we attended a programme at Thalassery a few months ago,\" he said.But a source in the SIT said the team came to know about Kaithapram's visit when they interacted with some of the members of the Marad Araya Samajam as part of the investigation. \"He had gone there as an emissary of Gulfar Muhammadali and offered compensation and jobs to the kin of the victims,\" a SIT source said.Lyricist complains to CM about harassment. SIT, however, claims it summoned him to explain his visit to Marad shortly after the incident as the emissary of NRI businessman Gulfar Muhammadali", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12075982", "title": "Two file papers for deputy speaker election", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress legislator Ramnarayan Meena and Independent member Jeevaram Choudhary filed their nominations for the post of deputy speaker in the assembly on Tuesday. The election for the post, which has been lying vacant since the Ashok Gehlot government came to power in December 2008, will be held on Wednesday.With Congress in the majority at the assembly, Meena is likely to win the election easily. Rumours are afloat that Choudhary was likely to withdraw his nomination on Wednesday, paving the way for unanimous election of four-time MLA Meena. While Meena represents Deoli-Uniara in Tonk district, Choudhary represents Sanchore constituency in Jalore district.According to sources, the ruling party was forced to zero on Meena's name in an attempt to pacify the SC-ST communities in the state, who are upset over the recent developments in the reservations in promotions issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12081303", "title": "Swami Agnivesh seeks permission to travel abroad", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Acting on a petition filed by Swami Agnivesh seeking permission to visit abroad, Punjab and Haryana high court has issued notice to the Haryana government to file their reply on the issue.Swami Agnivesh is an accused in a case of hurting religious sentiments and is presently on bail from the Punjab and Haryana high court. Now the case has been fixed for March 2 for further hearing, when the high court would decide on granting him permission.A case under section 295A of IPC was registered against Agnivesh on May 23, 2011, in Hansi subdivision of Haryana for calling Amarnath Yatra a religious deception.During his trip to Jammu in May last year, Agnivesh had said that he did not understand those who go for the yatra. \"It is a religious deception. I do not believe in this type of religion,\" he said.On August 29, the court of sub divisional judicial magistrate (SDJM) of Hansi had issued non-bailable warrant against Swami Agnivesh on the basis of a case registered against him. Thereafter, on September 19, the local court of Hansi had also initiated proceedings to declare Swami Agnivesh as proclaimed offender (PO), as he had failed to join the investigations of the case. Later he approached the HC, where he was granted interim bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076904", "title": "Tuticorin Port Trust flouts norms, shipping ministry tries to make amends", "text": "NEW DELHI: When the government approves a project, it is to be awarded in one go. But the Tuticorin Port Trust (TPT) decided to go against the established norm and split a contract. It is only after four years that the port trust is making amends, and the shipping ministry has sought the Union Cabinet's approval. Sources in the ministry said that substantial portion of the project has been released by the port.In 2008, the Cabinet had approved a composite project for deepening of the channel and basin to cater to the 12.8 meter draught vessels in the port at Rs 538 crore. But before the nod came, TPT had awarded the first work, which is being investigated by the CBI.Later, TPT floated a tender for main dredging work at an estimated cost of Rs 400 crore. But the lowest bidder submitted bid at Rs 465 crore that was 16% higher than the estimate. Norms stipulate that if the bid price is over 10%, it should be appraised by the expenditure finance committee (EFC) and approved by the finance ministry. But this was not followed.Meanwhile, the port trust and shipping ministry received a complaint from a Singapore-based consultant Visista International engaged by the successful bidder Jan De Nul Dredging India Pvt Ltd that the contractor had terminated the deal on the ground that it did not \"have the skill and abilities\" to promote the firm with highest level and authorities handling the project.In May, 2010, based on such allegation, the ministry's finance wing recommended cancellation of the bid and invited a fresh one. Though the ministry took the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) into confidence in June, 2010, the latter responded stating that the documents were insufficient. A senior executive of Jan De Nul from Chennai said, \"This matter has been closed by the ministry and port trust. Whatever information was asked from us was submitted.\"In end-2010, senior shipping ministry officials cleared awarding of main dredging work overruling internal recommendations of getting it appraised by the EFC. In January, 2011, shipping secretary K Mohandas noted that splitting the project was \"wrong\", but he did not favour EFC appraisal.However a month later, shipping minister G K Wasan overruled the secretary's view and supported taking it to EFC. Though EFC appraised the project last September, its expenditure department observed that since everything was done without seeking prior approval the panel's role was redundant. It suggested the shipping ministry to get \"post-facto\" nod from the Cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12076580", "title": "Parag to sell khoya, gujhiyas this Holi", "text": "LUCKNOW: State-owned Parag is all set to start sale of khoya and gujhiyas from Wednesday. Official spokesperson informed that khoya will be available across 2,500 Parag outlets in the state capital. \"Buyers will have the option of picking up half and one kilo packing of khoya costing Rs 105 and Rs 210 respectively. We are looking forward to sell over 40 tonnes of khoya this season,\" he said. In 2011, Parag sold close to 35 tonnes of khoya. Gujhiya will however be available at select outlets on a first come first serve basis. It will be available in half kilogram pack at a rate of Rs 125. \"The target is to sell 1.5 quintals of readymade gujhiyas,\" said an official.Meanwhile, health experts continue to warn people against the ill effects of adulterated khoya. \"From simple stomach upset to life threatening food-poisoning, adulteration can be extremely harmful for humans,\" said a medical officer. An analyst at the food and drug administration lab informed that on mixing khoya with small amount of iodine solution, the khoya sample attains a bluish shade.With barely a week left for the festival of colours, sweet meat sellers across the city are gearing up to provide a wide variety of gujhiyas. A number of self-help-groups also look forward to brisk business as people prefer buying rather than making paapads and gujhiyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12077998", "title": "Screening for breast cancer at your doorstep", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a city that has 40 breast cancer patients per lakh of population according to the National Cancer Registry Programme of the Indian Council of Medical Research, there is some hope for post menopausal women to go for an early diagnosis and prevent it. A mobile van equipped with mammography and ultrasound machine to pick up the suspected lump for biopsy will roll out in every sector of the city soon. As women do shy away to get screening done for this commonest cancer among females, the van will drive across the entire city. With doctors and technicians spreading awareness besides screening women, suspected samples will be sent to the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH).\"Rs 1.5-crore project has been approved by the planning commission. We had been mulling over it for the past two years. City-based NGOs active in the area of breast cancer had been hiring mammography machine at a high price of Rs 25,000 a day. It was depleting resources of these social organizations, who found it hard to carry on. The NGOs can now use this van and help in timely detection,\" said Dr Raj Bahadur, director principal, GMCH.The project is an initiative of the GMCH. \"The van will have pathologist, radiographer, surgeon and radiologist. It will also have an ultrasound machine. A sample for biopsy can be taken in the van itself, while the test result will be available at GMCH lab. The project will be aiding NGOs like Sahayta and Rani Breast Cancer Trust. \"Women are apprehensive when it comes to screening of cancer. That is why the van will go from door to door. The social activists along with the doctors will deliver an awareness talk initially,\" said Dr Raj.According to gynaecologists, women are at greater risk of cancer after menopause. \"We will be conducting mammography and other preventive tests on March 8. This includes pap smear and other routine tests. Early detection can aid a faster treatment,\" said Dr Ritambra Bhalla, city-based gynaecologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12076354", "title": "For Sudin, the wife runs the home", "text": "VASCO: Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar is so exceptionally calm, it's almost unsettling.The Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party leader on Tuesday made it on time for a meeting organized for the party's Dabolim candidate, Premanand Nanoskar, and then waited patiently for the expected attendees to turn up, even as the wait dragged on for close to three hours.A MGP worker and barge owner, Mahadev Naik, hosted the meeting at his Alto Dabolim residence and did everything to make Dhavalikar the centre of the happenings in the room. But wearing a casual pair of beige trousers and a white shirt, Dhavalikar expertly deflected attention away from himself as he mingled freely with the workers seated around him and took stock of the campaigning for Nanoskar, popularly known as Babu in his homeground.\"I will discuss your issues with (Manohar) Parrikarbab,\" Dhavalikar told the tourist taxi owners when they finally arrived, after keeping the Marcaim candidate waiting for most of Tuesday morning.Dhavalikar's confidence that the MGP-Bharatiya Janata Party alliance would be elected to power at the general assembly elections and Parrikar would be appointed the chief minister was so infectious that it rubbed off on the workers in the room.\"You come to us after March 7 with a memorandum seeking subsidy for tourist taxi owners. We will resolve all your issues,\" he told the delegation, prompting the room to break into claps. Dhavalikar extracted a promise in return that the entire tourist taxi owners vote bank would be emptied in Nanoskar's account.However, when it comes to securing votes for himself back home, Dhavalikar has assigned the job to his wife. \"I do not go door-to-door asking for votes,\" he said. But before his comment could be misconstrued as arrogance, the former transport minister added, \"If I set out to ask for votes, there will be no less than 2,000 workers with me. I do not want to block roads with all those vehicles and inconvenience locals. I prefer to conduct corner meetings instead.\"One record Dhavalikar would like to set straight is the official assets of MGP's St Cruz candidate Dinar Tarcar, which makes him the richest candidate contesting the assembly elections.\"My own brother Deepak's official assets are '13 crore. But he has loans of up to '8.5 crore to be paid off. Dinar's official assets may be worth over '200 crore, but no one knows his liabilities,\" he said.Even when Dhavalikar is trying to fit in as one among his workers, no matter which seat he takes in the room the workers inevitably arrange themselves in a manner that gives Dhavalikar the position of authority.It is not as though the composed Dhavalikar cannot get dramatic, only he does it at will. \"Ponda, Priol, Marcaim and St Cruz seats are in our kitty already. Our Quepem and Dabolim candidates are at 55/45 so far. The equation will turn in our favour by election day,\" Dhavalikar said, raising his voice as though he was not having a one-to-one conversation but addressing his workers.As though to build the excitement further for his workers, Dhavalikar added, \"Mahadev Naik is winning the Shiroda seat\" and drew gasps and managed to break the disciplined silence so far into animated conversations. In his own calm manner, Dhavalikar had injected the room with sufficient dose of thrill before he left.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi/chennai", "code": "12076834", "title": "Kudankulam activist sends defamation notice to PM", "text": "NEW DELHI/CHENNAI: Anti-nuclear activist S P Udaykumar has sent a defamation notice to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh drawing a sharp response from MoS in PMO V Narayanasamy who asked the lobbyist to explain his links to foreign NGOs.While the PMO joined issue with activists opposing the Kudankulam nuclear plant, two cases were registered by the Tamil Nadu Police's crime branch and the Central Bureau of Investigation for 'diversion' of foreign funds received by local NGOs to fuel the stir.\"Cases have been registered against four NGOs for violation of the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA),\" home secretary R K Singh said.The decision to challenge the people's movement against nuclear energy spearheading opposition to the Kudankulam power project also saw India deporting a German national Sonnteg Reiner Hermann for violating visa conditions.Official sources said Herman's links with PMANE are being probed and it was seen that they had been in contact for more than a year. Reports gathered by the home ministry show funds received from the US and Sweden was diverted by local NGOs, including some church groups. \"Udaykumar has been asked to explain his links to a Swedish NGO,\" said Narayanasamy.The government has gone on the offensive with sources claiming the popular reaction in Tamil Nadu was turning against the activists who were being seen as obstructionists opposed to nuclear power at all costs who would not be assuaged by any safety audit. \"The activists are out to sabotage India's nuclear programme,\" said a minister.Unfazed by the defamation notice, government sources said the activists will be hard put to defend themselves against the charges of misusing the provisions of the foreign contributions regulation act. It is felt that the severe power shortage in Tamil Nadu has eroded any sympathy for the blockade at Kudankulam over the months of stand-off.A 'look-out notice' had been issued against Hermann in January. He arrived in India on a tourist visa and had been helping the protesters in contravention of the visa rules.The action came days after PM Manmohan Singh had stated that NGOs have received support from abroad for leading protests against the much-awaited Kudankulam nuclear power plant.Sources in the home ministry said that bank accounts of the four NGOs have been frozen after an inquiry conducted by the FCRA wing of the ministry found them diverting funds meant for charity to fuel the protests.Hermann was picked up by Tamil Nadu Police in Nagercoil for allegedly assisting the protests and was deported. He was detained by the police monitoring the anti-KNPP protests after they were alerted by central intelligence agencies.\"He had no business to be in Nagercoil. He had violated all the visa rules and hence we have deported him,\" a senior official said.In his interview to the 'Science' magazine, the PM had said some NGOs do not appreciate India's growing energy requirements.\"....there are NGOs, often funded from the United States and the Scandinavian countries, which are not fully appreciative of the development challenges that our country faces. But we are a democracy, we are not like China,\" he had said on the commissioning of two 1000-mw nuclear reactors that has been stalled due to protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12077417", "title": "FM channel CEO held for molestation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The chief executive officer of a radio FM channel was arrested on Monday on charges of molesting a colleague, police said. \"The incident took place during a company trip to Rajasthan last December,\" revealed a source.A case of molestation was registered under section 354 of the Indian Penal Code at CR Park police station in February, following which the accused was arrested, police said.Confirming the incident, Delhi Police PRO Rajan Bhagat said, \"The accused was arrested and granted bail at the police station itself as it was a bailable offence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076883", "title": "Norway blinks, but grandparents sceptic", "text": "NEW DELHI: Grandparents of the Indian children kept in foster care by Norwegian authorities appeared relieved on Tuesday after receiving news of a likely settlement. But they held back their joy, waiting for an official confirmation to arrive with special envoy M Ganapathi from Oslo.Although assured of a positive outcome by external affairs minister SM Krishna, both sides of Aishwarya and Abhigyan Bhattacharya's family stuck to their decision of continuing the sit-in near the Norwegian embassy in Chanakyapuri. \"We will wait for the special envoy to come back, and formal information from our government,\" said maternal grandfather Monotosh Chakrabarti.The family did not buy the report about a softening of stand by Norway's Child Welfare Service (CWS) that has separated the Bhattacharya children from their parents. The agency's press statement on Tuesday said, \"The CWS has concluded that care of the children should be awarded to the brother of the children's father enabling him to take the children back to India.\"A sceptical Chakrabarti reacted: \"I have been informed that the CWS has issued a press statement saying custody will be given to their uncle Arunabhash Bhattacharya, but I don't rely on their statements. They took a similar stand earlier also but did not stick to it.\" \"We will be satisfied only when we get our children back,\" said his wife Shikha.While the family remained low-key, the pressure groups backing it seemed more upbeat over Tuesday's developments. CPI(M) leader Brinda Karat , who accompanied the grandparents to Krishna's office, said, \"Now there is a clear retreat from the CWS' previous stand that the children would remain in foster care till they turn 18. But the CWS statement also talks about a legal framework and follow-up method after the children come back to India. There is ambiguity which needs to be clarified.\"The crowd at the protest site had dwindled on Tuesday, a possible outcome of the transport strike, but supportive messages poured in. A professor at University of Bergen, Marianne Haslev Skanland, sent a letter that read: \"I am not alone in Norway to be absolutely against this evil ideology and to pray for children who are brutally deprived of their families... You should tell the demonstrators that they are actually helping Norwegian victims, too, through the demonstrations in India\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080398", "title": "I've had my share of LSD: Alyque Padamsee", "text": "But there's no trip bigger than being an actor, says Alyque Padamsee in a freewheeling chatYou're back on the Kolkata stage after a few years. What's it like? Kolkata has some of the best and most literate people I have seen. You can talk to them about Utpal Dutt, Tagore, Shakespeare as well as Arthur Miller. In Mumbai, if you ask who's Arthur Miller , people would say Marilyn Monroe's husband. I have been coming to the city on and off for 30 years with plays such as \"Death Of A Salesman\" and Mahesh Dattani's \"Final Solutions\", which dealt with Bombay riots. The Kolkata audience really picked it up.After so many years, is there still a thrill when you go up on stage?I have had my share of hash and LSD when I was young, and I can tell you there's no trip bigger than the one you get as an actor or director. It's like the miracle of giving birth. Playing many characters in one life is magical. Someone once asked me, what would I have done if I was in Zia-Ul-Haq's Pakistan , where he had banned theatrical performances. I said I would have emigrated.Why didn't you get into filmmaking?That's one thing I regret. I tried making a film, \"Tughlaq\". I wanted Amitabh Bachchan . He was shooting for \"Coolie\" and agreed. A couple of weeks later, Amitabh met with an accident on the sets and almost died. After he recovered, I again went to him, and he said well, to tell you the truth, I have lost my audience and now I cannot take the risk. So the project was shelved.You did not want to pursue it later?No. Then I did Richard Attenborough's \"Gandhi\" and realized filmmaking is all about technicalities. I decided I did not want to do this. Theatre is better.So, any plans to act in another film? I will act in a film only when I get something better than Mohammed Ali Jinnah's character which I played in \"Gandhi\", and that is impossible.A maverick adman with a career spanning decades... I got into advertising by accident. I was in college then and wanted to marry a girl called Pearl, who was already married. I told my parents about her and they told me I would have to leave my house if I married her. I had no money. I applied for an advertising job and bagged it at 300 per month. For three years, I toiled till I had enough money to rent a house for Pearl and me.That brings me to my next question, what are your views on marriage as an institution? Who can answer it better than me, who has been married three times (laughs). Marriage is an wonderful institution, but it comes with an expiry date. After my autobiography Double Life, I am writing my second book Big Ideas Equals Big Change. In that, one change I suggest is that we should look at marriage with a different point of view. Marriage forever is rubbish. Either the couple should live-in or have a prenuptial agreement of a marriage licence of five years. At the end of the duration, the couple can decide whether they want to break or renew their licence.So will you advise your daughter, Shazahn, to go for the marriage licence? Yes. She knows about the concept and loves it. Like me, she doesn't believe in the silly business of resentments and regrets. One should always look at life from the windscreen and not the rearview mirror.What is your best memory of Kolkata till date? It would be that night in 1970s when I put a girl, whom I had a crush on, in an empty hand-pulled rickshaw and became the rickshawwallah. Then, I ran down Chowringhee. It has to be my fondest memory of this city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12076033", "title": "Rural life on canvas", "text": "JAIPUR: As fresh as dew droplets on a leaf, young artist Lakhan Singh Jat's solo show 'Athakhaliyan II' based on the rural backdrop and his childhood days spent in a small village is enough to vouch for his endless love for serious art. Giving a concrete shape to his thoughts through colours and treating his subject with extra sentiments on a personal level, Singh has vividly tried to portray the life of a village which is now alien to most of the urban India. Each painting depicting his childhood perception with a strong message, his art work displays a high degree for his roots.Appreciating the deft use of bright colours, Sundeep Bhutoria culturist who inaugurated the show says, \"Though he has boldly used bright colours but still the canvass succeeds in giving a subtle and soothing effect.\"He further adds, \"His paintings are not just an expression of rural India but also his inner self that reflects his faith in rural India and his love for it. His colour palate allows one to connect with the purity for which rural India stands for.\"Art show 'Athakhaliyan II' organised at the Welcome Art Gallery of ITC Rajputana Sheraton is on till March 4. Bhutoria also attended 'The Desert Soul' event which he initiated a while ago to promote the state's hidden multifarious personalities from art, culture and theatre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12078257", "title": "Strike total in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: A nationwide strike called by 11 major trade unions to protest increasing prices, privatisation and other issues on Tuesday crippled life in Left-ruled Tripura. \"The strike was total and successful with all levels of workers and general people expressing their anger against price rise, retrenchment, underpayment, poverty and many conomic policies of UPA government,\" CITU leader Pijush Nag said. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nairobi", "code": "12077713", "title": "Another Costa liner stranded 6 weeks after Italy disaster", "text": "NAIROBI: Helicopters will ferry food and flashlights to more than 1,000 passengers and crew stuck aboard a disabled cruise ship that is being towed to Seychelles Islands through waters prowled by pirates, officials said on Tuesday. Still, those aboard the sister ship of the vessel that capsized off Italy last month may have to spend more long, stifling nights aboard the Costa Allegra before it docks in the tropical paradise.The incident comes just six weeks after the Concordia ran aground and then capsized off the Italian island of Giglio, with the loss of at least 25 lives. Both ships are owned by the Genoa-based company, Costa Cruises. The Costa Allegra has 636 passengers and 413 crew members on board: Among them are 212 Italian, 31 British and eight US passengers.Four are children ages 3 or younger. The ship lost power Monday after a fire in its generator room, which knocked out power to the engines and to its light and air conditioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076031", "title": "Goregaon robbery: Did senior citizen's attackers have inside information?", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after a 62-year-old woman was assaulted and robbed of gold jewellery in her Goregaon (E) home, investigators on Tuesday said they suspect someone known to the victim's family had tipped off the culprits. The woman's house help and the security guard of Suraj Heights, the building in which the victim resides, are being questioned.Sangeeta Shenoy was alone at home on Monday afternoon when two men, posing as representatives of a cooking gas company, entered her home. They bound her wrists with a cord and taped her mouth, before snatching ornaments worth Rs 2.4 lakh. The men also took away a few pieces of jewellery from the house. When Sangeeta tried to resist the attackers, the men slashed her hands repeatedly with knives. They left her bleeding profusely and walked out.The Vanrai police, who have registered an FIR, said the absence of closed-circuit cameras in the building will affect the probe.\"Sangeeta's daughter Supriya was to get married on April 8. The family had bought gold jewellery worth Rs 14 lakh and kept it in a cupboard in one of the bedrooms. It seems that the culprits knew about the jewellery. They did not know that the Shenoy residence has two bedrooms and ended up ransacking the wrong cupboard. Though they took away Sangeeta's jewellery and a few other pieces from the house, they couldn't find the wedding jewellery,\" a police officer said. Supriya works at JP Morgan while Sangeeta's husband is employed with an automobile manufacturer. Sangeeta's son lives in Dubai with his wife.\"While the assailants failed to Supriya's wedding jewellery is intact, a few other ornaments kept in the house were taken away.We have asked the Shenoys to prepare a list of all the stolen ornaments with their values. and provide it to us.Sangeeta's condition is stable and we have recorded her statement.\"Based on the description provided by Sangeeta, the cops have prepared sketches of the accused. Cops suspect the robbers had done a recce of the apartment earlier. \"The robbers wrote fake cellphone numbers in the visitor's register kept at the building entrance. We tried to track down the phone records but in vain,\" the officer added.The cops have started tapping their informants to help solve the case and inquiries are underway to check if criminal elements with a police record tried selling some gold jewellery. The police have also advised residents to install CCTVs in their society premises for better security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12078220", "title": "Groundnut oil prices spiral up", "text": "Groundnut oil prices in the state have increased by 24% in wholesale market and around 18% in the retail. The state assembly was told that in the last two months, the prices increased in both retail and open market. The minister informed the house that the government does not have any control on the prices and they were entirely market-driven. Patel said that no arrests have been made in the last two months under the Prevention of Black Marketing Act for illegally stocking groundnut oil. tnn He said that total 92 raids were made in last two months ending on January 31, 2012.In reply to another question by Mota-Poda MLA Jitu Chaudhary, Patel said that as on January 25, the prices of one kg of groundnut oil were Rs 117 while that of the 15 kg tin in wholesale market was Rs 1700.Patel said that the government has purchased about 12,000 metric tones of Palmolein oil for supply to those staying below the poverty line and even to the poor people. He said that the one liter pouches of Palmolein were distributed at Rs 40 per card holder.He further said since April 2011 to December 2011, the government raided 690 distributers and seized ground nut oil worth Rs 119.99 lakh and of these, oil worth Rs 24.06 lakh was confiscated by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076803", "title": "Delhi couple strangle landlady, dissect corpse", "text": "NEW DELHI: Annoyed with their 60-year-old landlady for using abusive language, a couple strangled her to death. A week later the couple chopped her body into pieces before disposing of it in an open field.The accused, Sachin (22) and his wife Arti (name changed), were arrested for the murder of Bishno Devi from Bhalaswa Dairy area in nortwest Delhi on Monday.The victim's body was found in a gunnysack near a factory in Bhalswa Dairy area. Police said the couple lived in Devi's house as tenants and had been missing from the time of the incident.Sachin and Arti disclosed that the victim would scold them frequently and use abusive language, especially around the couple's newborn baby. Unable to bear her behaviour anymore, Sachin strangled Devi to death on February 1 and then left her house. When they returned a week later, the couple disposed of the victim's body after chopping off her head and arms. According to the police, the victim's body was left in a field near an electronics manufacturing factory at Bhalawa Dairy while her head and arms were disposed of a kilometre ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12076861", "title": "Around 9,000 students to appear in CBSE board exam", "text": "KANPUR: The students of Class XII of Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will appear in examinations commencing from March 1.Reeta Saxena, principal, Sir Padampat Singhania Education Centre and city coordinator for CBSE affiliated schools, told TOI that the board students are ready to appear in the examinations.On Tuesday, class X students appeared in the information technology examination. \"The students of class X will appear in the mathematics paper on March 2,\" Saxena added.Approximately 8,000 to 9,000 students would appearing in the examinations at 14 centres in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12078343", "title": "Former DFO's land seized in disproportionate assets case", "text": "PATNA: The Patna district administration on Tuesday attached the immovable landed properties of ex-divisional forest officer (DFO) Bhola Prasad at various places in the city in connection with a disproportionate assets (DA) case pending against him since 2010. The attachment was made on the orders of Patna civil court.Prasad, who was earlier posted in Kaimur as DFO, is being probed by the state vigilance department for illegally amassing property.Patna ADM Suresh Kumar saidthe district administration attached a piece of land measuring about 30 katha located at Nausa under Phulwari police station, nine katha at Purnendu Nagar, four katha at Chitkohra and two katha at Agam Kuan. The attached property was purchased by Prasad in the name of his wife Maya Prasad, son Vishwajeet and other family members. Besides, he also owns landed property at Biharsharif and in Ranchi in Jharkhand , the ADM said.The civil court has ordered attachment of Prasad's landed property at these places without further loss of time, sources said .According to them, the value of the attached properties as per the registered deeds is about Rs 61.82 lakh, while the present valuewould go into crores. Among other officials who supervised the attachment procedure were ADM Sanjay Singh, Phulwari CO VijayaKant and Phulwari SHO Nand Kishore Rajak. ADM Kumar led the team attaching the landed property. Prior to attachment, 'dug dugi' was organized to implement the court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078443", "title": "Conjunctivitis makes citizens see red early", "text": "MUMBAI: The change in weather has brought a host of ailments to the city, and the latest scourge plaguing Mumbaikars is conjunctivitis or the 'pink eye' . Ophthalmologists say that temperature differences-especially between day and night-is perfect for viruses to thrive, resulting in not just the usual cough, cold and runny nose, but also sore eyes with itching.Although conjunctivitis is common during the hot summer months of April and May, general practitioners and hospitals have already started treating patients for swollen eyes, watery discharge and redness-all classic symptoms of conjunctivitis . \"We are seeing quite a few conjunctivitis cases. This always happens when the temperature rises,\" said Dr Ragini Parikh, head of ophthalmology department at the state-run JJ Hospital.Dr Kavita Rao, cornea consultant at Aditya Jyot Hospital in Wadala, said that the viruses strike when a person's immunity levels are down. She treats around three-five patients every day, but the number is likely to rise in the coming weeks.\"This is a transitional phase of two seasons. At this time, just as cough and cold cases increase, so do those of conjunctivitis,\" she said, adding that a bout of conjunctivitis may follow after an upper respiratory tract infection from the cough/cold secretions. \"These secretions can affect the cornea also. Unhygienic habits tend to help the viruses spread infection in more than one part of the body,\" she said.Dr Phiroze Patel, ophthalmologist at Jaslok Hospital noted that while a change in temperature may cause congestion , irritation or burning in the eye, it may not be conjunctivitis . Nevertheless, students , who are in the midst of their final and board exams, need to be careful \"Excess use of computers, along with study strain may be causing headaches and blurred vision. But after their exams, everything settles down. So children just need to take care of their eyes and maintain general hygiene,\" he said.Conjunctivitis is an inflammation of the conjunctivae-the mucous membranes covering the white of the eyes and the inner side of the eyelids . According to many doctors , patients are suffering mostly from viral conjunctivitis , which can spread rapidly between people.The best way to curb the spread of the infection is to maintain personal hygiene. \"When one eye is infected, avoid touching the other eye as the infection can spread,\" said Dr Rao. City doctors have also advised patients against self medication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076575", "title": "NGO in the dock for receiving foreign funds without permission", "text": "NEW DELHI: The home ministry has found that a south Delhi-based NGO, 'Bhartiya Cattle Resource Development', was allegedly receiving foreign contribution over the years without the government's permission.The ministry has approached the crime branch of Delhi Police to investigate the matter. The NGO has the likes of former rural development minister Raghuvansh Prasad Singh on its list of patrons.When TOI contacted NGO officials, they said they had been submitting regular returns to the government till 2007. \"We had got permission to accept Rs 43,525 in the year 1995-96. It was not clear whether it was a regular permission or a one-time permission. Still, we continued to file returns regularly. In 2007, we asked for an exemption under the Act, which was denied,\" Avnish Jain, executive officer, said.An FIR has been lodged by J K Chattopadhyay, deputy secretary in home ministry, Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA) wing, on behalf of the government. The economic offences wing of Delhi Police has registered a case ?under the ?FCRA Act and is investigating the matter.According to the FIR, during inspection of the accounts and records of the NGO carried out by the FCRA wing of MHA, it was found that the NGO violated various provisions of the ?Act? ?by receiving foreign contribution of Rs ?41?,?74?,?097? ?without government permission during ?1994?-?95 ?to ?2005?-?06?. ?\"The ministry has also provided the police with a ?copy of the observation of the ministry ?indicating details of the violation and copies of other necessary records. ?\"Considering the gravity of the lapse on part of the association?, ?it has been ?decided with the approval of the competent authority to get this matter investigated thoroughly?. ?The CID ?(?Crime Branch?)?, state police of Delhi?, ?is therefore?, ?requested to conduct an investigation into this ?case in terms of Section ?46 ?of the Foreign Contribution ?(?Regulation?) ?Act?, ?2010?,\" the complaint said.The home ministry has requested the investigation report to be submitted at the earliest? and a progress report on a quarterly basis as per Rule ?22 ?of Foreign Contribution ?(?Regulation?) ?Rules?, ?2011, which states that ?the any government investigating agency that conducts ?any investigating under the Act is required to furnish reports to the central government ?on a quarterly basis?, ?indicating the status of each case along with other details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12076059", "title": "Relief for Govt govt as SC stays HC order in contempt case", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ashok Gehlot government was saved from an embarrassment on Monday when the Supreme Court stayed the Rajasthan High Court's last week order wherein the state's two top bureaucrats were held guilty of \"willful contempt of the court\" in the quota in promotions case.The high court was to award punishment to chief secretary Salauddin Ahmed and principal secretary (personnel) Khemraj in the afternoon. However, in the morning, the apex court stayed the high court's proceedings till March 20.At the same time, the top court also stayed execution of the notification issued on September 11, 2011 that the state government had been citing as compliance of the high court order of February 5, 2010, which led to the contempt proceedings.After this, the high court also deferred hearing in the matter till March 26 and directed the state government to submit before it the apex court's stay order of Monday on oath by then.The case pertains to the legal dispute on the quota in promotions constitutionally allowed to state government employees belonging to the Scheduled Castes (SC) and the Scheduled Tribes (ST). Even as the non-reserved categories employees, including those from the Other Backward Classes ( OBC) category, opposed the quota alleging that the apex court guidelines were not adhered to, in doing so, the state government reasoned how it has now fulfilled all the legal requirements in granting the benefit to the SC/ST employees.A division bench of Justice NK Jain and Justice RS Rathore, however, rejected the state government's plea that it has abided by the high court order of February 2010 by gathering the quantifiable data through the Bhatnagar committee to support the quota for SC/ST employees and, thereafter, issuing the notification of September 11, 2011. The Samata Andolan Samiti, one Bajrang Lal Sharma and others, on other hand, moved contempt petition and alleged that the government attempted to \"overreach\" the February 2010 judgment by forming the Bhatnagar committee and issuing the notification that would protect the \"illegally promoted\" SC/ST employees. The Samiti reasoned before the apex court that as compliance of the high court judgment, the state government ought to have issued revised seniority lists of its employees from April 1, 1997.The high court had summoned chief secretary Ahmed and principal secretary Khemraj at 2 pm on Monday to hear the punishment for contempt. But, on the basis of a special leave petition moved by the state government against the high court's contempt order, the Supreme Court intervened and stayed the proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077906", "title": "Auto strike partial in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: The bandh call given by various autorickshaw unions turned out to be only partial much to the relief of Hyderabadis on Tuesday.Though autos were off the road in many parts of the city in the morning, by afternoon they were in full strength on all major stretches. Representatives of various auto unions admitted that the bandh was partial.Besides giving support to the nationwide trade union strike on Tuesday, the autorickshaw unions had given a strike call demanding hike in auto fare. ``The strike would have been successful if it had been only in support of specific issues relating to welfare of auto drivers,'' IFTU general secretary V Kiran said. Similarly, the operation of RTC buses across the city was normal except for a stone-pelting incident on a bus at Uppal crossroads by miscreants. \"In the morning, we did not operate air-conditioned buses, but from afternoon all buses were pressed into service,'' an APSRTC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kakinada", "code": "12077625", "title": "5 Sri Lankan fishermen held", "text": "KAKINADA: The Indian Coast Guard authorities have arrested five Sri Lankan fishermen for entering into the Indian territorial waters on Tuesday.They seized a boat, nearly 1000 kg tuna fish and a few kilo grams of dry fish.They were handed over to the Kakinada marine police station by the Coast Guard officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078253", "title": "City police detain activists at Panch Kuva", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than 200 activists were detained by city police from Panch Kuva area in Kalupur on Tuesday evening when they carried out a rally to promote communal peace. The rally was not given permission by the city police when the activists approached them two days back to mark 10 years of communal riots in the state.According to Jan Sangharsh Manch activists, the activists were not given permission without citing any reason and when they decided to take a peaceful march, police came down heavily on the gathering. The participants were detained from the spot and were frisked to Shaherkotda and Ramol police stations. The detained include Mukul Sinha, Amrish Patel, Samshad Khan Pathan, Zakia Soman and several riot victims.\"We had met with the city police commissioner and offered to change our route and, in principal, the commissioner agreed to it. However, the route was refused late on Monday evening,\" said S H Iyer, convener, JSM. He added that the JSM office at Paldi was also cordoned off by the police so that they could not arrange a press conference.City police were ready for the rally before the activists hit the road as more than 100 policemen were deployed with 15 officers and a deputy commissioner of police. Senior police officials present on the spot said that it was a bandh call and they did not want any trouble in the area. Thus, they refused the permission and did not allow the rally to take the route.The activists distributed leaflets to the curious gathering citing the communal riots and how the state government and police have covered the rioters and how the probe of various encounters is biased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12078342", "title": "Police arrest three for extortion in Sivasagar", "text": "JORHAT: Police on Tuesday arrested three persons, including a top Ulfa cadre, from the Lakua area of Sivasagar district on charges of extortion. They served an extortion note of Rs 20 lakh on Assam Petroleum Limited, (APL), Sivasagar, recently.The arrested persons have been identified as Ashim Bora alias Pankaj Gogoi, Mukul Saikia and Manabjyoti Bhuyan. Police said Ashim is a top Ulfa cadre and is close to the outfit's chairman, Arabinda Rajkhowa. While Manabjyoti is a surrendered Ulfa militant, Mukul is from the Gaurisagar area of the district. Police have records of illegal activities against him.OC (Sivasagar) Devaranjan Sharma said, \"We have got a complaint from APL authorities regarding an extortion note from Ulfa. They alleged that some rebels of the outfit served an extortion note on APL authorities in Ulfa's pad on February 14, asking them to pay Rs 20 lakh to the outfit immediately. The militants also regularly called up the authorities to pay the amount and threatened to kill them unless their demands are fulfilled.\"He added, \"On receiving the complaint, police launched an operation and arrested the three accused. However, Jiten Buragohain, another accused, is absconding. Though Manabjyoti has been admitted to Assam Medical College and Hospital for his poor heath, the other two are in police custody.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "cumbharjua", "code": "12076449", "title": "Will 'kindness' strike this seasoned battle?", "text": "CUMBHARJUA: Sprawling across mainland and six islands in the scenic basin of the Mandovi river, this unique constituency is not an easy one to move around with a gauge to assess the pulse of voters.Three islands, Akhada, St Estevam and Cumbharjua are connected by bridges, but Divar, the biggest in this segment, is still detached. Vanxim, which is hidden behind Divar, is accessible after two ferry crossings. Tolto is partly connected, but like Cumbarjua can also be approached by ferry boat. The seventh island, Chorao has been merged with Mayem constituency. But despite the insularity of the various parts of the constituency, which includes Old Goa, Corlim and Carambolim, the undercurrents are quite visible.Sitting MLA and Congress nominee, Pandurang Madkaikar, does appear to have a fight on his hands against his rival, Nirmala Sawant, an independent backed by most other parties. Fr Bismarque Dias, a priest aspirant from St Estevam, is also in the fray.The narrow margin of 571 votes for his victory in the 2007 elections may create some unease for Madkaikar. He garnered 10,016 (49.29%) votes while Sawant polled 9,445 (46.48%). Prior to that, in 2002, contesting on an MGP ticket for the first time, he beat Sawant by 608 votes. In contrast, in the byelection of 2005, called after the collapse of the BJP-led government, Madkaikar, as a Congress nominee, consolidated the MGP-BJP votes to beat Sawant by a margin of 3,755 votes. Analysts say the fourth contest between the two is likely to run close.Sawant, who was a power minister in the Luizinho Faleiro-led government in the late nineties, says she has been backed by almost all other parties, unlike in the past. \"The voters are disillusioned by the lopsided development and interference in the working of local self-governing bodies,\" she said. The destruction of paddy fields due to breaches of bundhs has affected farmers' livelihood. \"Though Old Goa is a tourism area development has not taken place on desired lines,\" Sawant said.Pointing out that multi-storeyed buildings have sprouted only in and around Old Goa, a world heritage site, she said the floor area ratio (FAR) in other villages permits construction of only ground-plus-one structures.But Madkaikar dismissed the allegations, stating that he has no role in planning. \"This is all decided by the town and country planning department and has nothing to do with him (as the MLA),\" Madkaikar, who has stakes in the construction sector, said. Madkaikar insisted that he had proposed a master plan for Old Goa. \"The people are not insisting for it as they would have to approach archaeological survey of India for any repairs,\" he claimed.He said he was instrumental in completing several development projects worth over 100 crores. \"These include playgrounds in Malar, Old Goa, St Estevam and Carambolim, two gymnasia in Cumbharjua and Carambolim,\" he said. The claimed the youth had no facilities and he has proposed two more gymnasia in Old Goa and Goltim-Navelim.A bridge to link Cumbharjua is under construction at Gandaulim. \"I have helped many youth get jobs and my priorities are development and creating more employment opportunities,\" he said. Dias who is only the second priest to contest the polls in Goa has created a stir with his kindness manifesto. Wedged between the two seasoned politicians, only the polling on Saturday will decide which way the mood swings.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12081040", "title": "Fardeen Khan\u2019s cousin killed in car crash", "text": "Two people, including the half-sister of Bollywood actor Fardeen Khan , were killed in a car collision in South Delhi early Monday, police said.Khan's half sister, Sonia Sethia, wife of businessman Rajendra Sethia, was returning home in New Friends Colony from dinner at a friend's place in Gulmohar Park, when a car coming at very high speed, rammed into their vehicle on August Kranti Marg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12076321", "title": "All communities will be consulted: Parrikar", "text": "What is the first thing you will do if the BJP wins on March 6?That depends on whether people give me the mandate. But I will ensure that all communities are taken into confidence in running the government.You have promised to reduce petrol prices by '11. How do you intend doing it and will it not affect the revenue? Will you increase taxes on other sectors?Petrol prices will be reduced by removing VAT on petrol. There is no need of levying additional taxes because there are leakages and wastages now, which if plugged, will fill the gap. I am confident of this. We need around '650 crore for the various schemes declared. If you manage the economy well, the buoyancy will take care of certain percentage. I have identified direct leakages to the extent of '500 crore in government departments. For example, the 20% commission in PWD is virtually ruining the PWD work. The same amount can deliver double the work if you do it without corruption. Such steps and some intelligent resource mobilization without burdening anyone are sufficient. There were various proposals which have not been utilized. Examples are levying toll on non-Goan vehicles, the green cess which was collected by some politicians and pocketed. It comes upto '100 crore per year.The much-needed widening of the national highways in Goa is pending. None of the political parties have clearly spelled their action plan on this.We will go for the widening of the national highways but not in the earlier format. You cannot divide Porvorim into two. You have to design a better bypass for it. Costs are involved but what they were planning is simultaneous recovery by way of toll. In that case there should be no problem building bypasses and realignments. That will not increase the costs so much. Partly, the financing has to come from toll. But toll cannot be on the private cars. It can be on commercial vehicles. The balance funding gap can come from additional grants from the national highways authority or by state government. As a state government, we are ready to do the road ourselves if the concession for collecting whatever fees is given to us for 33 years. The state government had earlier planned to build a state highway through new alignment which they have discarded. That new alignment and charging toll on commercial vehicles should not be a big problem.We need some more clarity on the medium-of-instruction issue. You have said that you don't question the right of parents to choose the medium of instruction. But you are questioning whether the government should pay for those who choose English. Why are you discriminating?I am not discriminating. The government has some policies and the government will follow those policies. But there may be some difficulties for some parents to opt for local languages. I believe the issue can be resolved if all the parties are brought to the negotiating table.You have only referred to an \"amicable solution\". Can you elaborate on this?I would not like to elaborate at this stage. The matter is in court. There is already a stay by the court on the method which the Congress adopted. We don't intend to adopt that method. But I can assure you that a solution will be found without hurting the people who want English medium.You have fielded six Catholic candidates this time. But there seems to be some fear lurking in people's minds about the BJP's RSS links. The issue of the VCD film in your last term prompted public protests. How do you assure these issues will not re-visit your next term, if it happens?The VCD is not an issue at all. The moment there were objections, it was withdrawn. We have tried to represent every section of the community. When you have a representation from everyone, everyone's interests are considered. Besides, we will also have an advisory panel of eminent persons including Catholics. Obviously, all the policy decisions of the government will be discussed in this advisory panel.Will it not conflict with your so-called \"one-man show\" style of functioning?It is never a \"one-man show\". The problem is that ultimately the decision making comes to a particular person. This does not mean that you have not consulted others. But ultimately, the decision arrived at after consultations, has to be executed by one man.Has your earlier stand on total scrapping of casinos changed now?We want regulation of casinos. The present government has allowed casinos as a policy. In governance, there is what is called as continuity. But I will see that they don't stay in the river Mandovi. We will discuss and work on this. I don't know what type of licenses have been given. I am not aware of how many years they have been permitted.You have regretted the cancellation of holidays such as Guddi Padwa, Good Friday, etc.There was never cancellation of holidays. There was never an order. A circular was issued for comments based on the 5th pay commission report and not by me. It was issued by the department of GAD. Though I was the minister for GAD, the officer who took out the circular was a Catholic. If he didn't feel anything amiss in it, how could I? But when we realized there were objections, we cancelled it. Let me assure you that these things were never intentional and will never repeat.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12078303", "title": "Patna Marathon to be held later this year", "text": "PATNA: The much-publicized Patna Marathon 2012, which was earlier scheduled to take place on February 26 but was cancelled, will now be held in the second half of the year.This was stated by the chief executive officer of Patna Marathon 2012, Atul Kumar, while addressing a press conference here on Tuesday. \"We are planning to organize the event in the second half of the year,\" he said. The event was postponed for an indefinite period on February 23, causing a huge loss to the organizers.The event titled \"Run for Progress\" was planned to be a 42.195-km run and several international professional runners were also invited to take part in it. It was slated to start from Gandhi Maidan and return to the same place.The organizers were not allowed permission to hold the event due to operative reasons. \"Examinations are taking place in the city. Organizing the event was rather challenging in this backdrop. I think this is why the district administration didn't allow us to go ahead,\" said Kumar.A letter from Patna DM had informed the organizers that holding the event, as planned, was difficult due to administrative reasons.The marathon was originally scheduled to take place on February 19 along with 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar'. Its date, however, was extended to February 26 due to security reasons as various dignitaries were to attend the global summit.The organizers said they had informed all international professional runners from Kenya , Germany and other countries who were to take part in the event.Kumar told TOI the cancellation had caused a huge loss to the organizers. \"We are refunding the money we had taken from participants and sponsors. Loss has also been caused to the sponsors,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077795", "title": "Prisoners reap as they sow", "text": "NAGPUR: The city's streets may soon have mobile 'prison bazaars' selling fresh vegetables raised by Puzhal jail's inmates. In two months this year, the inmates have grown vegetables worth Rs 5 lakh, compared to the vegetables worth Rs 60,000 they grew all of last year.\"We plan to sell vegetables grown on the prison farm to the public from vehicles at selected places in the city,\" said assistant director general police (prisons) S K Dogra. Earlier, brinjals and pumpkins were grown on half an acre of land. More than 50 prisoners are involved in the cultivation. This year, they've included tomatoes and lady's finger and have spread out to 10 acres.\"There is no specific reformation activity, but we increased the farm area to help the inmates and improved cultivation techniques,\" Dogra said. Puzhal prison, which is one of Asia's biggest prison complexes, has a lot of open space.\"New fruit trees have been planted, apart from the vegetables. We have units making cardboard boxes too. Our plan is to package an assortment of vegetables in cardboard boxes such that one box will be enough for a nuclear family for a week. The packages will be taken in prison vehicles to 10 designated places in the city, and sold to the public. The prices will be lower than those charged by other vendors,\" the officer said.On February 24, a tree-planting function was organised in Puzhal prison and 64 coconut saplings were planted to mark chief minister J Jayalalithaa's birthday. Speaker Jayakumar planted the first sapling and inaugurated a new vegetable patch.\"We hope to produce enough vegetables to meet the needs of nearly 1,000 a week in a few months,\" a prison officer said. Apart from farming, prisoners are also imparted training based on their skills and interests. To achieve this, a list of prisoners has been prepared based on their skill.One such group will trained in drawing and painting. As a first step, these prisoners will draw portraits of children of visitors who come to meet the inmates. Two inmates Selvam and Puthiya Raja, who were awarded life sentence in connection with murder cases, have been drawing sketches and slogans on the outer compound wall of the Puzhal prison.Tamil Nadu's 134 prisons are full of inmates who are busy writing poems and books, earning degrees and learning a trade. Inmates of the state's prisons create products worth about `3 crore every year. \"If we tune in the available resources, we can earn up to Rs 10 crore a year through proper vocational training and marketing,\" siad a prison officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12077487", "title": "Chinese woman shot dead in Peshawar", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Unknown assailants shot dead a Chinese woman and her Pakistani interpreter in the northwestern city of Peshawar on Tuesday, police officers said. The gunmen fired at the two when they were busy shopping in Peshawar's Jehangirpura area.\"The Chinese tourist, Jiang Hua, about 40 years old, was killed along with her Pakistani translator Muhammad Salman at a busy marketplace inside old Peshawar city,\" said Peshawar's senior superintendent of police Tahir Ayub.He said the victims were injured in the firing incidents and were shifted to Lady Reading Hospital where they succumbed to their injuries.The reason behind the killing and the purpose of the Chinese woman's visit to Peshawar remains unclear, said the police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12076442", "title": "Clean-drain drive gets mayoral boost", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Sagar Naik, the 25-year-old mayor of Navi Mumbai, on Tuesday geared up to clean an open drain in Vashi himself, after his orders to civic staff to do the same were allegedly not followed.Sporting gloves, gumboots and a mask, Naik said he wanted to send out a message to civic officers that \"A city runs due to three reasons - clean drains, clean drains, clean drains\". Naik said his message was aimed at the city engineer of the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC), Mohan Dagaonkar, for \"not heeding his repeated pleas to get open drains cleaned\".While his political opponents called this a \"publicity stunt\", Naik said, \"I decided to start cleaning drains myself today, along with 16 other corporators.\" Naik had become the second-youngest mayor of Navi Mumbai in May 2010.\"I cleaned the drain for 90 minutes till NMMC officials sent over sanitation workers. But many weren't wearing proper gloves and masks,'' said Naik, who is planning to raise the issue at an NMMC general body meeting today. at Wednesday's General Body Meeting at NMMC.When asked bluntly if this attempt to shake up the municipal administration is an outcome of the big defeat for Nationalistic Congress Party (NCP) at the recent polls in Mumbai, Thane, Nashik, he commented: The civic elections in Navi Mumbai are still three years away. Why would I get into gutters now, if I did not really mean to clean them?''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076124", "title": "More people take metro within city", "text": "NEW DELHI: With few autorickshaws on the roads out to fleece commuters during Tuesday's strike, public transport facilities like the DTC and the Delhi Metro tried to lessen the hardship of common people.The Metro recorded a ridership of 14.19 lakh people on Tuesday despite the generally crowded Blue line between Noida/Vaishali and Dwarka sector 21 having fewer commuters because of the Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections in the satellite town and adjoining areas. Noida City Centre saw a footfall of just 19,500 against Monday's 30,000 while Vaishali in Ghaziabad, which also went to polls, had 22,000 passengers against 29,500 on Monday. A total of 15.22 lakh people used the Metro on Monday.Sources in the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation said the ridership within the city might have gone up because of the unavailability of autorickshaws. \"It was maximum on the HUDA City Centre-Jehangirpuri corridor, where a ridership of five lakh was reported till 8pm on Tuesday,\" said an official. On average, 4.5-5 lakh people use this line every day.Even the Blue line recorded a ridership of 4.7 lakh till 8pm. Tanu Sharma, a regular from Preet Vihar, says, \"I had thought that today at least the trains would be empty as it was a holiday in UP but it was as crowded as any other day.\"Amandeep Sanghi, who travels on the Central Secretariat-Badarpur corridor, said \"Usually, there's little crowd and never any line for tokens at the Kalkaji Metro station but today the train got really crowded. I could see a line at Nehru Place station as well.\"The Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC), which usually plies 5,000-odd buses, added 200 more to its fleet. The addition, however, didn't have much impact on the revenue, with an operational revenue of Rs 1.59 crore in the morning against Monday's Rs 1.55 crore.Commuters, though, said most buses were crowded during peak hours. Many complained of low frequency during non-peak hours. \"There may have been delay due to traffic or bunching of buses,\" said the DTC spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078497", "title": "17 per cent result in TET for head teachers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A dismal 16.87 per cent applicants cleared the teachers eligibility test (TET) for head teachers the result of which was declared on Monday. Of the 33,000-odd candidates who appeared for the exam, only 5,663 cleared the test. They are now eligible to be considered for position of principals in primary schools.Officials said that while most candidates performed well in general knowledge paper, they performed poorly in their respective subject exam.\"This reflects poorly on the senior teachers of the state who are apparently not well versed with the subject they are teaching to students\", officials conceded.The TET for head teachers was conducted on February 25. There were two papers of 75 marks each and the senior teachers were required to score 60 per cent marks in each paper to pass the test.There are 5,000 positions of principals vacant for which recruitment will be completed by May before the academic year 2013 begins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12078614", "title": "'Starvation still haunts Cachar Tea Estate workers'", "text": "SILCHAR: Bhuvan Valley Tea Estate in Cachar district, which was locked for four months from October 8 to February 8 this year, is yet to overcome the shadow of the ills of mismanagement.While at least 12 workers, including four women , died of \"starvation and lack of medical facilities\" during the lock out period, the condition of 45 others is critical.The sufferings of the ill-fated workers of the tea garden, which is owned by Kolkata-based Bhuvan Valley Tea Company Ltd, came to light in a fresh report of a team of members of civil society, who visited the garden this week to take stock of the situation.The team comprising members of NGOs visited the garden and found that a number of workers are suffering from various diseases owing to the prolonged lock-out period in the garden that led to a starvation-like situation. \"Their condition is critical in the absence of proper medical facilities. The workers had nothing to eat during the period of lockout. So, many of them died and some fell ill,\" said a member of the team.\"The garden has not been abiding by the provisions of Plantation Labour Act. Therefore, the quality of life of the workers is very poor. They don't get their wages regularly and there's absence of healthcare facilities and sanitation in the garden. Provident fund facilities are also not there,\" the report said.Apart from Bhuvan Valley TE, the team also visited some other sick tea gardens of the Barak Valley such as Chorgola Valley TE, Durganagar TE, Madan Mohan TE, Behula TE, Singlacherra TE, Chengkori TE and Saraswati TE. According to the team, the scenario in all the gardens is disheartening and calls for urgent care of overall health of the industry by both planters and the administration.In its recent report, the Barak Valley Human Rights Committee painted an extremely gloom picture of the condition of Bhuvan Valley TE. They lambasted the management for the situation.The action of the management to lock the garden, including two of its outgardens - Didarkush and Chengjur in October last year - rendered 500 permanent and as many casual workers jobless, leading to a starvation-like situation. It's only following the intervention by the Cachar district administration, the owners agreed to reopen the garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12076582", "title": "Reject all candidates if unworthy: Kiran Bedi", "text": "PANAJI: India Against Corruption (IAC) activists-former cop Kiran Bedi and former Karnataka Lokayukta Santosh Hegde -have asked voters in the state to reject all candidates if none of them were worthy of being elected.Speaking to a packed audience at Merces in St Cruz constituency, Bedi asked people what was preventing them from electing an honest, good leader. The crowd shouted out that candidates were bribing voters and rampantly luring votes with money. \"If you have a problem where you see that none of the candidates standing for elections are worthy of being your representative, you can reject them all,\" Bedi said.\"There is no button for 'no vote' on the EVM at present. But, please tell the polling booth officer that you want to use the option 'no vote' under Section 49 (0) and sign on register 17 (A),\" Bedi added.Hegde said, \"We will press the Election Commission of India to have a 'no vote' button on the EVM for the Parliamentary elections in 2014. At present, even if the number of people who cast a 'no vote' is higher than the votes polled by a candidate, the election commission will consider the candidate. But, if more people register a 'no vote' in this election, we will demand that this voice be considered in future elections where all candidates should be asked to step down and fresh candidates be put up.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12076992", "title": "Flight cancelled, newly-weds stuck at city airport", "text": "KOLKATA: A newly-married couple was grounded at Kolkata airport for hours on Tuesday after the flight was cancelled by the airline which the previous evening feared poor passenger load on strike day.Anup Naha of Agartala landed at the airport from Delhi with his bride, both in their weeding dress. The two had tied the knot the earlier evening and were headed to the groom's home in Agartala for the reception. They flew down to Kolkata to take a connecting flight to Agartala, unaware that SpiceJet had cancelled the flight the day before.\"We have no option but to wait for the evening flight. Till then we are stuck at the airport,\" said Naha, embarrassed at the attention they were drawing. Both of them were in full wedding dress, complete with garlands they had exchanged on Monday. The duo had a ceremony scheduled in Agartala that required them to be in the wedding regalia.Wary of constant attention, the couple decided to step out of the terminal, only to find shutterbugs go crazy as they merrily clicked the gorgeously dressed couple in the unlikely setting.\"We were expecting a warm reception at Agartala airport. Instead, we are being mobbed in Kolkata. Initially we were taken aback and wondered who had made such grand preparations,\" said Naha.Cops finally helped the couple take a taxi to a nearby hotel so that they could escape from prying eyes and rest in privacy till it was time for the evening flight.The airport, however, functioned better than usual with trolleys aplenty, clean toilets and adequate taxis. There were no queues at the X-ray points, check-in counters and security check zone. Though passenger count was 50% less than normal, carriers operated the flights except those cancelled or combined the day before. Around 65-70% of the airport staff reported for duty on Tuesday.To ensure that flights did not get disrupted, Kolkata Police and Bidhannagar Police organized escorts between the city and the airport at regular intervals. Vehicles carrying cockpit and cabin crew of different airlines operated in convoy with a police van from Biddhannagar commissionerate escorting them between the airport and Chingrighata and Kolkata Police doing the rest.Though cabs were fewer than usual, they were managed well by police. Some passengers who were headed in the same direction were clubbed to ensure a snag free pre-paid taxi for passengers. CISF personnel too extended a helping hand.On more than one occasion, the men in uniform actually went out of the way and even managed to win some admirers. One such instance was when central government employee Priya mistakenly left her cellphone in the taxi after alighting at the airport. On realizing the mistake, she dialed her number, only to be answered by a passenger who had boarded the cab and was heading for AJC Bose Road. Cops then organized a taxi that would take Priya to the address and back to the airport after retrieving the phone.\"My wedding rituals will begin from Thursday. I needed the phone desperately because I have to call friends and all contact numbers are stored in my phone. Thanks to the friendly cops, I could recover my phone and take the flight on time,\" said Priya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12078040", "title": "Get aggressive, Yeddyurappa tells his supporters", "text": "BANGALORE: The Yeddyurappa camp is in a rebellious mood, and is making no bones about it. The former chief minister may have decided not to leave the BJP, but he appears determined not to leave the party bosses in peace either, and is abetting widespread revolt in the ruling party.It is now tit for tat between the camps. Yeddyurappa told his supporters to give a fitting reply to state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa and chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, if they feel they are being slighted. At a meeting of his supporters at his Race Course residence late on Monday night, Yeddyurappa reportedly told them to treat the leaders with contempt.The outburst from the former CM reportedly came after Koppal MLA Karadi Sanganna complained he was taken to task and addressed in the singular by Eshwarappa, when he called him up to discuss the district zilla panchayat issue. \"Take them on aggressively,\" Yeddyurappa is said to have told his followers.Yeddyurappa, who was bitter with Shimoga district leader Eshwarappa , reportedly said he would become aggressive henceforth and not care for anyone in future. When Mahantesh Kavatagimath, MLC from Belgaum, spoke about minister Balachandra L Jarkiholi reportedly trying to divide Lingayats by holding conventions in Belgaum , the former CM reportedly said that Jarkiholi would not succeed, and that Eshwarappa's efforts of trying to install Kotilinga (one crore lingas) in Siddaganga mutt in Tumkur had boomeranged.The foundation stone for the Kotilingeshwara (installing one crore lingas) was laid in the mutt premises by the Kotilingeshwara temple committee headed by Eshwarappa.Under alleged pressure from Yeddyurappa, who was not invited for the programme , the mutt pontiff cancelled the project. However, the committee stuck to its plan and announced that the Kotilinga would be built elsewhere in Tumkur. BP Harish, another Yeddyurappa loyalist, reportedly said that if the former CM fails to be aggressive, his followers would die a slow death. \"Whenever we go to the chief minister, he threatens to dissolve the assembly,\" Harish is said to have complained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12078055", "title": "Pick and choose best school for your child", "text": "BANGALORE: Are you at the threshold of making that all-important decision of choosing the right school for your little one? If so, be part of Education Times' 'Schooling Steps, a Times School Expo' , on March 3 and 4, from 11am to 6.30pm. Visit stalls put up by participating schools, check what they have to offer - whether it is curricula or facilities or extra-curricular activities - and make an informed choice. From pre-school to Class 12, schools will be come under one roof. Entry is free.The expo includes schools like Greenwood High, Indus International School, Vibgyor High, Chrysallis High, Candor International School, Greengrove International School, Harvest International School, Primus Public School, Whitefield Global School, Gear Innovative, KALS, Treamis World School, Narayana Techno School and Deeksha Integrated.Venue: IBIS Bengaluru Tech Park, next to Passport Seva Kendra, opposite Intel Campus, Sarjapur Outer Ring Road, Bangalore - 560037.Call Ashish: 9620879643; Swaroop: 9019222927; Debopriyo 9742594699.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12080518", "title": "Review: Samsung Galaxy Tab 620", "text": "NEW DELHI: There are a number of Galaxy Tabs in the market at the moment. And in a few months, there are likely to be more. The original Galaxy Tab, the 7-inch device that launched last year, can still be found if you search in earnest. Then, there is Galaxy Tab 750 with 10.1-inch screen, Galaxy Tab 730 with 8.9-inch screen and Galaxy Tab 680 with 7.7-inch SuperAMOLED screen.The list is completed by Galaxy Tab 620, which we are reviewing today. Samsung says consumers need so many different Tabs to choose from \"because no one size fits all\", a subtle dig at the fruity company that sells just one tablet - iPad.The classic argument on quality vs quantity aside, today we are going to find out what Tab 620 - called Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus in international market - packs in its slender and sleek body. Read on to know if this is the tablet for you.Smaller than iPad Ok, this goes without saying. With a screen size of 7 inches, Tab 620 is definitely lot smaller and lighter than iPad or iPad2. This is good as well as bad. Good because the compact frame and a weight of 345 grams makes Tab 620 easier to use on the go or for longer durations. It's more portable. More handy to use. Bad because the smaller screen has disadvantages if you want to browse for longer durations or watch videos on it.It typical Samsung fashion, Tab 620 is built using lots of glossy plastic. But the design is good. Rounded edges, sides that gracefully slope and a thin aluminum frame around the screen, give Tab 620 a premium finish. The back cover can't be removed, something that is common to almost all tablets nowadays. Slots to load SIM and MicroSD are on the left of the tablet while power button and volume rocker are on the right.Overall, Tab 620 looks like a smaller replica of Tab 750. However, in terms of core hardware, it is somewhat better than its bigger sibling. Unlike the 1Ghz Tegra 2 processor in Tab 750, Tab 620 has a 1.2Ghz Exynos processor, which in our opinion is better. There is 1GB RAM, 16GB internal storage with support for up to 32GB micro SD card.The 7-inch PLS (plane-to-line switching panel) is decent. The resolution of 1024 x 600 is adequate. Viewing angles are good but brightness is somewhat lacking. Though in day-today usage it hardly makes any difference.The primary camera has a 3 mega-pixel sensor while the front camera supports a resolution of 2 mega pixels.The good Tab 620 is powered by Honeycomb (Android 3.2). The user interface and performance is largely smooth. Largely because sometimes there is a perceptible lag in animations, most likely due to Samsung's TouchWiz interface that sits atop the Honeycomb.Despite their popularity, tablets continue to be special-purpose devices. They are not yet as functional as a laptop or desktop. Though there are certain things - like casual web browsing - that tablets do better.When it comes to Tab 620, it has two big advantages over the competitors, including iPad 2. One is web browsing.The browser bundled with Honeycomb is very good, complete with a functional multi-tab browsing. The second advantage is the tablet's stellar media playback capability. The Exynos processor used in Tab 620 has very good media playback support. Result: Tab 620 will likely play anything you throw at it. In our tests full HD (1080P) videos were no trouble. Similarly, the device handled AVI, MKV, MP4 and several other formats with ease.Unlike iPad and Blackberry Playbook , Tab 620 can utilize SIM card for making calls. Of course, users are not going to hold the tablet to their cheeks and shout into it. But if you are comfortable using a Bluetooth headset, making and receiving calls is possible with Tab 620.Honeycomb, flawed as it is, does offer a compelling suit of Google apps. Navigation, which relies on Google Maps , will appeal immensely to commuters. Gmail app is fantastic and if it matters to you, could be the single biggest reason for preferring Tab 620 over non-Android tablets.Battery life is also good. Tab 620 comes with a battery rated for 4000 mAh. In daily life, this translated to nearly 13 hours when the tablet was used for moderate browsing, emails, social networking on Twitter and Facebook and playing some videos.The bad Apps! Apps! Apps! Or the lack of them. Honeycomb debuted last year as tablet-only version of Android. But despite a fair number of Honeycomb devices in the market, not many tablet-specific Android apps have arrived.This is the biggest problem with Tab 620. Samsung has tried to alleviate the issue by bundling a fair number of customizable widget and apps but that is not enough to address the problem.As we said earlier, tablets are not general-purpose computing devices. This means that unless apps are not available, their utility is limited. This is one area why iPad has been so successful and why iPad can do so much more than a device like Tab 620 or Playbook.Worth its price? Should you choose Tab 620 over competitors? The answer depends on why you want to buy a tablet. With a price of Rs 26,499, Tab 620 is a very good device. In fact, it is the best 7-inch tablet you can buy in the market. But you should consider it only if you know what you want to do with it.Tab 620 is a good tablet for accessing Gmail, reading ebooks, watching videos, browsing on the go and jotting down notes. In sum, it's a solid gadget. But it's not the tablet if you want to play games on it. Similarly, it's not a tablet that is going to amaze and surprise you by introducing you to some beautifully designed apps, the way iPad can do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12077720", "title": "Candidates hit campaign trail on hartal day", "text": "KOCHI: While most Keralites spent the day along with their families on Tuesday owing to the nation-wide strike, the UDF candidate in Piravom and the members of his family had a hectic day. Rather than spending the day at home, Anoop Jacob, his mother Annie Jacob and wife Anila Anoop left their house in the morning to campaign for the election.Annie Jacob visited houses of her friends and relatives in Elanji and Thirumarady. \"I had a nice day meeting old friends and relatives. The feedback I got was very encouraging. Anoop will surely win. But we can't take rest,\" she said. The sheer presence of Annie in the campaign scene has added vigour to the UDF camp. Annie reminiscing the memories of her husband, the late T M Jacob, in the presence of Anila Anoop motivated Kerala Congress activists to a great extent. With his mother busy visiting her associates, Anila and Anoop met voters in different parts of the constituency. And despite the strike, the two started their day at 6 am.Anoop's first destination was Kakkad, where he visited houses and met people in person. He then went to towards Koothatukulam temple requesting people to vote for UDF. He also addressed booth conventions at a few places in Chottanikkara. According to the UDF camp, they were able to cover Edayar and Mulanthuruthy areas.On his Enfield motorbike: Meanwhile, the schedule of LDF candidate M J Jacob was totally different from that of Anoop. He spent most of the day with the members of his family. In the morning, he visited the house of his eldest brother, M J Thomas, and had breakfast there.Then he went to his tharavadu, where another brother, M J Joseph, stays. In the evening, the LDF candidate attended the prize distribution ceremony of a cricket tournament organized by the DYFI. And all through the day, he travelled on his Enfield motorcycle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12077747", "title": "Two test positive for swine flu", "text": "Two persons from the city tested positive for swine flu on Monday. Both are undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Malakpet and are stable. Hospital authorities said that there is no travel history and termed these cases as 'sporadic'. Among the two patients, one is a 56-year-old woman from Gaddiannaram. Treating doctor at Yashoda Hospital, Malakpet, Krishna Mohan Reddy said that the woman, who got admitted to the hospital on February 22, is diabetic and suffers from cardiac lung disease.The second case is that of a 44-year-old resident of Hayatnagar. Hospital authorities said that the man got admitted to the hospital on February 26 with cold, cough and fever. He was tested positive for swine flu a day later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12077975", "title": "Central bus stand, zoo planned at Gandhipuram", "text": "COIMBATORE: Recognizing that the six bus terminals located in different parts of the city are causing inconvenience and utter confusion among passengers, the corporation council decided on Monday to construct a central bus stand at Gandhipuram in the heart of the city. The council also decided against shifting the zoo to Ettimadai on the Palakkad road.Responding to a resolution adopted unanimously by the corporation council, mayor S M Velusamy said he was expecting a favourable decision from the state government soon regarding the demand of the corporation to allocate 53.12 acres of land from the Central Prison at Gandhipuram. Once the land is handed over to the corporation, work for a central bus stand would start, he said.\"The bus stands at Mettupalayam Road, Ukkadam, Singanallur and three different ones in Gandhipuram are causing confusion and inconvenience to travelers. The city needs a bus stand like the CMBT in Koyambedu in Chennai,'' the mayor told the council.According to Velusamy, the corporation had given 53.17 acre in Vellalore free of cost for a CRPF camp as directed by the government. \"We have demanded equal measure of land in Gandhipuram and the corporation is willing to pay the additional amount to meet the market value,'' he said.Besides the bus stand, the land would also house a zoo. \"We will not shift the zoo to Ettimadai as decided by the previous council. The zoo must be in the heart of the city with state-of-the-art facilities for animals,'' he said. An indoor stadium and a modern fitness centre would also be built on the plot, he said.\"Once these facilities come up, Gandhipuram's very appearance would change. These facilities would add to the planned growth of the city,'' said the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076570", "title": "Students still prefer tough maths to 'easy' version", "text": "MUMBAI: Four years after the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education introduced general mathematics as an optional subject to maths, the demand for the former is yet to pick up. Though the total number of students opting for general mathematics has increased this year, it is less than 10% of the total candidates appearing for the Secondary School Certificate (SSC) exam.Though mathematics has among the highest failure rates, few students have opted for its simpler version.Schools, principals and teachers believe that students do not wish to shut their options completely for science and commerce, which have higher mathematics as a compulsory subject. The optional subject was introduced in 2008, when just a few thousands opted for it. However, the number of students taking higher mathematics this year has fallen from last year, while general mathematics has seen a considerable rise in numbers.Bharat Acharya, a maths teacher at New Era School, said not too many students in his school opted for general mathematics, except 10% of the class who felt maths was a tough cookie to crack. \"There is a realisation among students that they will miss out on some openings in life if they opted for general maths. But the final decision is arrived at in consultation with parents and teachers, by keeping the student's past performance in the subject and his future plans in mind,\" added Acharya.Principal of IES VN Sule School in Dadar, Sucheta Bhawalkar, came across strange excuses from parents for not choosing general mathematics. \"In a batch of 750 students, just 15 students opted for general mathematics. Parents claim that coaching classes refuse to give admissions as they do not have separate batches for general mathematics. Parents, unfortunately, trust coaching institutes more than schools even if they find the subject difficult.\"Some schools registered a marginal increase in general maths students compared to last year. At Kamala High School in Khar, six students appeared for general mathematics last year, this year it has gone up to 22. Principal Rekha Shahani claimed students are not interested in taking up the 'easy' math, as it is called, as it will narrow down their options post-SSC.However, Saif Tyabji Anjuman-I-Islam Girls High School in Byculla has more takers for general mathematics. \"Out of six divisions in our school, students in four divisions have opted for the easy math and the rest have gone for the regular subject. Our students are quite confident about the subject they wish to opt for post-SSC and therefore have made their choices,\" said principal Nazma Kazi. There are some students who opt for regular mathematics in class IX and then change their preferences in X, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "tenali", "code": "12077479", "title": "Mystery man creates terror in Tenali town", "text": "TENALI: Notwithstanding the intense surveillance taken up by nearly 20 special police teams, a man continues to create terror in and around Tenali town by selectively attacking women and girls. Women are under tremendous stress to venture out during the night after the 'psycho' attacked at least six persons in the last fortnight alone.Sources said the stranger was shedding his clothes soon after coming across women or girls at the hostels in the night and terrorizing them by breaking into a dance before them. Even before the other inmates wake up, the psycho vanishes from the scene.Last week, he entered a retired teacher's residence and attacked him and his wife. Subsequently, he closed the doors of the room in which the granddaughter of the elderly couple was sleeping and reportedly danced without clothes. He reportedly asked the girl to take off her clothes and beat her up when she resisted his attempts. Before this incident, the psycho created terror in the women's hostel on the outskirts of the town, which the hostel management initially dubbed as a house-breaking attempt by a robber. Following series of incidents, SP Ravichandra visited Tenali and formed at least 20 special teams and asked them to be on continuous night patrol.Late on Monday night, the psycho attacked another woman. Upon information, the police teams rushed to the spot but failed to catch him. Under pressure from locals, police brought two innocent youths and beat them up ruthlessly. Eye-witnesses told the police that the person terrorizing the women would be around 30 years of age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12076880", "title": "Darjeeling girl rescued from Delhi", "text": "KOLKATA: A 14-year-old girl, who was missing from Darjeeling since November, 2011, was rescued by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) from Munirka in south-west Delhi recently. This was a big break for the Anti Human Trafficking Unit (AHTU) of the CBI, that was set up recently to collect, collate and analyze data on kidnappings and abductions from across the country.According to an official, the AHTU received information about this girl and began investigations. During the course of investigations, the sleuths came to know that the girl, a resident of Darjeeling, was lured to Delhi by a young man who promised her a job there. Once in Delhi, he handed her over to others who abused her. The man who took her to Delhi and his associates also had plans to sell her to a brothel. A case has been lodged against the gang. The CBI began a search for the girl and traced her to Munirka in South West New Delhi. Sleuths have come to know that The man who took her to Delhi and his associates also had plans to sell her to a brothel.\"This was a major breakthrough for us.In January this year, the CBI designated a unit in the Special Crime Zone of the CBI as the AHTU. It was realized that though a lot of human trafficking takes place in the country there was no centralized organization to deal with the matter exclusively. Most of this trafficking takes place from the eastern parts of the country as well as Nepal. Human trafficking is treated as a very serious offence internationally and India will have to reveal her serious intent in tackling this. The AHTU was set up for this purpose,\" an official said.The AHTU has announced a reward of Rs 2 lakh for those providing information that may lead to the arrest of and criminal action against gangs involved in trafficking. People with information who wish to provide inputs about such gangs, need to call on 011-24368638.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "gurdev nagar", "code": "12078230", "title": "Johl writes haiku in Punjabi", "text": "GURDEV NAGAR: A separate room at Janmeja Singh Johl's Gurdev Nagar residence serves as his workshop where he thinks, writes and analyzes his photography in solitude. The author recently succeeded in accomplishing his long awaited desire to adopt the Japanese poetry form haiku in Punjabi. Johl published his haiku poetry work 'Puchran' this year.Janmeja Singh Johl says haiku is a short form poetry which has developed a lot around the globe in the recent past. \"My haikus in Puchran are based on political, social and religious scenarios prevalent in our society. I have conveyed my views on the routine happenings around the world through this book,\" says Johl.He says the haiku form is effective as it conveys the idea in short and the reader enjoys the word play. Johl, 56, has written 16 books on various issues so far, including one that describes photography techniques. He has also contributes a lot to the Punjabi children literature.Some of his Punjabi haikus uploaded on his Facebook profile have received numerous responses from friends, says Johl. \"Most of my time is spent reading and it's the autobiographies of people who weren't actually writers that interest me the most,\" he adds. Autobiographies of Marie Curie, Kamala Das and Arjun Singh Gadgaj left him inspired, says Johl.Having done his diploma in advanced electronics from Ohio in 1970, Johl returned to India as he wanted to live here. He later did his graduation in agricultural engineering from Punjab Agricultural University and started photography in 1970s for the documentation of Punjab, which he continues till date. He has travelled to over 30 countries for his creative works.\"My boundaries are not limited to writing. If writing is my body then photography is my soul,\" says Johl, who has visited more than 8,000 villages of his native state to cover different aspects of the Punjabi culture and heritage with his lenses. Johl has clicked over 5 lakh pictures practising his thematic photography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kolkata/katwa", "code": "12078688", "title": "No evidence of rape in Katwa: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA/KATWA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has done it again. After calling the Park Street rape a \"concocted story\" and being proved wrong, she has dubbed the Katwa rape a fabrication. Only a day earlier , she had claimed that the Falta complaint, in which a 13-year-old schoolgirl was allegedly held hostage by five men and raped for 10 days, was a CPM plant.On Sunday, a 29-year-old woman had alleged that she was dragged off a train by dacoits and raped by the tracks in Katwa. Two days later, the CM remarked that the woman \"happened to be a CPM supporter\" . \"A complaint of rape has been filed . Nothing has been found. Where is the evidence? I do not think any incident of rape has taken place,\" she said.But the fact is that the victim is a widow. And in her complaint, she said that she submitted to the rapists because they threatened to kill her children. Her minor daughter and some co-passengers were witness to the assault. The government, however , banks more on an inconclusive medical report than the victim's statement.\"In the medical report received by police, there was no tell-tale sign of rape, as alleged by the woman. Two persons have been arrested,\" DGP Naparajit Mukherjee on Tuesday . This prompted the chief minister's remark that the \"medical evidence does not establish rape\" . \"Action will be taken on every complaint ... But should any wrong complaint be lodged, they will also face legal action,\" Mamata said.Lawyers and rights activists tore into the chief minister for her remark. So did leader of Opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra. \"It appears that she (Mamata) now understands the intricacies of even a medical report,\" Mishra , a doctor, said. The victim's husband died 11 years ago, he pointed out.RN Mondal, the doctor who examined the victim at Katwa subdivisional hospital, clarified to TOI he had never said the woman was not raped. Another senior doctor of the hospital said: \"A medical report can never say if anyone has been raped. For instance, if a woman is raped at gunpoint, it is very hard to find any physical evidence.\"Sunanda Mukherjee, chairperson of the state commission for women, said: \"Rape has to be decided by courts, not police. The victim's statement is paramount, even if she says that she surrendered (to the rapists) to save her daughters' life. I am a mother and I know a mother can go to any extent to save her children.\"Senior criminal lawyer Milon Mukherjee agreed. \"Medical report is only corroborative evidence. It is a legal term, not a medical diagnosis. Courts can base their conviction only on the victim's statement , if it inspires their confidence ,\" he said.\"Whether anyone has been raped or not is not for a doctor to summarise. He can only record his observations,\" said L KGhosh, head of forensic medicine , Calcutta Medical College Hospital. Burdwan SP SMH Mirza refused to comment on police's interpretation of the medical report. The victim hasn't only lodged a police complaint, she has also testified before a judicial magistrate under 164 CrPC. Her minor daughter bore witness to the assault.The Katwa GRP has arrested Sk Sentu (26) of Srikhanda and Noor Mohammed Sk (35) of Koshigram in Katwa in this case. But they have been booked for dacoity, not rape. Laltu Saha, an eyewitness and copassenger , has testified before police. The victim's neighbours also stand by her. Amalendu Mukherjee, a teacher, said: \"It is very unfortunate that her image is being tarnished . We will stand by her irrespective of our political affiliations .\" Veteran CPM leader in Katwa Achintya Mallick alleged police will now hush up the case and implicate the victim instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12077593", "title": "\u2018No alcohol in open public places\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: While the city's beer bars and permit rooms may be doing brisk business, liquor is also consumed on a huge scale on food stalls by the road side in open places as well as in gardens. To curb this menace the police commissioner has issued orders to take strict action against those found consuming liquor at public places.Consuming liquor in open places is common in the city. Though the police have taken action against such spots in the past, it has been infrequent and things moved back to square one in a matter of no time.Nonetheless, this time once again the police have decided to crack the whip on such consumers. In Nashik there have been many spots where liquor is consumed in public places. Areas like Dwarka, Shalimar, Nehru Garden, Bytco Point, at the railway station, river banks, the food stalls at also the Tibetan market opposite the police commissionerate where food stalls are found in large numbers, consumption of alcohol is rampant almost daily.Youths huddle themselves in groups and are often found consuming liquor in open places and within NMC gardens, which are now present in large numbers in every ward of the city. Many residents have complained of incidences of violence and use of indecent language among drunkards at such food stalls and public gardens.Only a couple of days back, a group of three to four youths consumed liquor at an open space in the Satpur area, got into an argument amongst themselves and started breaking the windshields of cars parked over a two kilometre stretch. Windshields of about eight to ten cars were broken in the middle of the night in the Shramik Nagar area.Pravin Nathe, resident of Canada Corner who often happens to take his family for dining at the Chinese food stalls at the Tibetan market said that whenever he goes there to have food with his family he finds groups of youngsters consuming liquor in the open. Nathe said that such instances have become so common that youngsters nowadays do not realize that the other customers there have come with their family.Police officials informed that the action would be started as soon as possible and strict action will be taken against those found guilty. Meanwhile, there is also an appeal from the citizens to the police to take up a drive against drunk driving.Many citizens regularly complain about violence and the use of indecent language among alcohol users, who drink openly at food stalls, public gardens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12076895", "title": "Builders seek changes in proposed bill", "text": "CHENNAI: The Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Bill, set to get Parliament's assent soon, has been dubbed by builders as a unidirectional legislation aimed at strangulating the developer community.The bill, in its present form, aims at safeguarding the interests of consumers and taxing developers, said Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India secretary T Chitty Babu, at a seminar organized by the Builders' Association of India ( BAI) here on Tuesday.Listing out lacunae in the bill, Babu said other stakeholders like government agencies, regulatory bodies, financial institutions and banks had been left out of the purview of the bill.He said a developer had to obtain nearly 50 clearances to complete a project. Often, residential projects were delayed due to obtaining plan approval from regulatory bodies and getting service connections like water, power and sewerage, he said. If banks were not brought under the bill's purview, they would withdraw funding for projects when the market became sluggish.Babu doubted the effect the bill would have the real estate sector when land is a state subject and wondered if there was any guarantee that all states would follow the Central legislation.Another drawback, he said, was that the bill sought to cover only projects that were 4,000 sq m and above. Since a lion's share of development projects was on a small scale, the bill would cover a very small section of builders, he noted.He, however, welcomed the provisions to create transparency in apartment sales by making in mandatory for builders to specify carpet area and common area. Similarly, the condition that only approved projects could be marketed would put curbs on unauthorized buildings, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12076871", "title": "Discussion on women and social development", "text": "KANPUR: Several academicians took part in a lecture series on 'Women and social development', organized at SN Sen Balika PG College here on Tuesday.The first series of the lecture session was dedicated to 'Nari Vimarsha: Itihaas aur vartamaan ke aaiyne mein'. The experts enumerated facts of women development from medieval period to the present day.Principal of Sen PG College PL Suger inaugurated the lecture session.Delivering the first lecture, Chandni Saxena, assistant professor of history, Juhari Devi Girls College, delivered a lecture about the condition of women in 19th century. She recalled the work done by Raja Ram Mohan Roy and Ishwar Chand Vidyasagar in development of woman's status.Another speaker Subodh Saxena spoke about the status of women in Vedic period and said that women were were honoured and treated in a respectable manner at that time.Several historians like Sarika Awasthi, Ravi Verma and Deleep Sen took part in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12078245", "title": "Jannatpreet set for small screen role", "text": "LUDHIANA: At an young age of 13, city girl Jannatpreet Kaur, a resident of Field Ganj, who gathered accolades for the characters she essayed in the Bollywood movies 'Mausam' and 'Naughty at 40', is set to enchant her audience with another appearance on the small screen now.Jannatpreet has acted in several videos of music albums and serials so far.Her father Malkeet Singh says his daughter would appear on the small screen after a break of about six months. \"She has been chosen to play the lead role in a TV show by a leading entertainment channel. The promos of the serial have already been shot but the major shoot would start in March 2012,\" the father adds.At such a young age, Jannatpreet has to her credit about about 60 music videos of Punjabi and Hindi songs. The two soaps she has acted in previously are 'Kis Desh Main Hai Mera Dil'? and 'Meet Milade Rabba'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12077847", "title": "UP polls: Varun Gandhi eats his words", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP MP Varun Gandhi on Tuesday clarified he had never said the SP would form the next government in UP.Referring to recent media reports attributing the remark to him, Gandhi said he had merely predicted a complete BSP meltdown in the polls, from which other parties including the BJP would gain.\"I'd like to clarify that media reporting of certain statements attributed to me are both incorrect and mischievous. I never said that the SP would form the next government in UP.\"The Pilibhit MP denied being a psephologist and said he had made the remarks only after reading media reports suggesting the BJP was set to make substantial gains in the state and the SP would fare better this time around.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076249", "title": "Ghost staff strike rich at MCD schools, 7 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: After ghost employees, now fake teachers at MCD schools are making a fortune. The police have unearthed a racket led by a 28-year-old teacher who allegedly helped youths from Haryana get jobs in MCD schools through fake appointment letters. Seven people have been arrested.The scam - worth several lakhs - comes hardly two months ahead of municipal polls. Several MCD officials from the education department are under the scanner, said senior cops. Investigators have recovered Rs 75,000 from the accused along with five blank appointment letters with fake seals of the deputy director of education (Civil Lines zone). Each deal fetched the gang between Rs 2.5 lakh-Rs 4 lakh. Six of the accused are working as teachers on a contract basis in the Civil Lines area.\"Three of them had joined schools in A block and D block Jahangirpuri on February 16,\" said additional DCP (northwest), Romil Baaniya. The arrests came following a probe into an FIR lodged by Kanwar Singh, deputy director of education (Civil Lines zone). Singh alleged that the appointment letters of the three teachers were fake and his signature had been forged.Following investigations, Sachin (21) and Sanjeev (22), posted at the MCD school in Jahangirpuri D Block and Suresh (25), posted at Jahangirpuri K block school, were arrested. Their interrogation led to the arrests of Ashok, Aftab, Sunil Kumar and Santosh. \"We are trying to find out if similar cases have been reported in other MCD schools,\" Baaniya said.\"Sachin, Suresh and Sanjeev confessed that they were desperately looking for government jobs in the capital but they didn't fulfill the eligibility criteria for the post. They had come in contact with two residents of Haryana (yet to be nabbed) who assured to get them appointed in MCD schools,\" said Baaniya.The alleged kingpin, Ashok (28), is a teacher at an MCD school in Wazirabad. Ashok and the other accused have been working in tandem since 2005.The gang managed to get copies of appointment letters, forged the deputy director's signature and issued them to interested parties . \"We believe the gang has been operational for six years. They may have appointed fake candidates even earlier,\" said a sleuth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12081405", "title": "US court upholds sexual discrimination lawsuit against L&T;", "text": "NEW YORK: A US court has upheld a class claim of sex discrimination filed against Larsen and Toubro Infotech, a subsidiary of Indian conglomerate L&T;, by its former employee who has alleged she was fired from her job after she informed the company she was pregnant.The lawsuit has been brought by New York attorney Krishnan Chittur on behalf of Deepa Shanbhag and 1,500 past and present women employees.In the lawsuit, which seeks USD 20 million in damages, Shanbhag had alleged that L&T; Infotech discriminated against its female employees on the basis of sex with respect to job assignment, compensation and created a \"hostile and abusive climate\" for them.It alleges that L&T; Infotech \"discriminated against her and other employees on grounds of sex and pregnancy\".It added that the company \"unlawfully or discriminatorily terminated employment of pregnant employees on \"false pretenses.\"Magistrate Judge Patty Shwartz of the District Court in New Jersey allowed the individual claim of intentional sex discrimination, individual and class claims of sex discrimination under New Jersey Law and a class claim of pregnancy discrimination against L&amp;T.;The court also allowed Shanbhag's motion to add Larsen and Toubro Limited as a party to the lawsuit.Shanbhag, a New Jersey resident, has demanded a jury trial in the case.Chittur said L&T; would now have to \"answer before a jury for its maltreatment of women, and pay these women compensation for what these women had to suffer.\"Shanbhag was hired by the New Jersey-headquartered company as an independent contractor in October 2010 for three months.The lawsuit said L&T;, pleased with Shanbhag's performance, had offered her a full-time position.Shanbhag joined the company as a full-time employee in January 2011.However, Shanbhag informed the company in March that she was pregnant.A day later and only 38 days after Shanbhag joined as a full-time employee, L&T; terminated her employment.During her employment, Shanbhag alleged in the lawsuit, she was repeatedly subjected to an \"unrelenting barrage of sexual harassment\" and criticism of other female employees.In one instance, Shanbhag's immediate supervisor had told her she was replacing \"a dreadful woman who did not know how to dress.\"The court however dismissed Shanbagh's class claims for pregnancy, sex and hostile work environment and claims for breach of contract.The court has given L&T; time till March 15 to respond. The lawsuit states Shanbhag suffered economic loss, was denied employment benefits and suffered \"mental anguish, humiliation and emotional distress\" due to the company's discriminatory practices.It says the company should reinstate all those women employees who wish to rejoin and in future should restrain from engaging in any discriminatory practices and customs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078666", "title": "Now, animal tissue comes handy for cleft lip surgery", "text": "MUMBAI: Janardhan Pujari (name changed) had spent almost 40 years with a cleft lip and a palate. His speech could never be developed normally.However, when he got an option recently to treat this defect, he grabbed it. Pujari was among one of the ten persons in the city, who underwent surgery and were part of a new treatment technique. In a pilot project, a plastic surgeon from Sushrusha Hospital used a collagen, which helped the regeneration of the cut tissues after the surgery.TheraForm, which is approved by the Food and Drug Administration , is made of pig collagen. \"It is the closest to human collagen,\" claimed Dr Charul Bhanji, technical director of Regenerative Medical Services.A cleft lip or palate is an abnormal separation in the oral facial region that happens because the mouth or lip tissue does not form correctly in fetal development. The bio-collagen , TheraForm, is placed in the palate areas after the reconstructive surgery and heals in a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12078710", "title": "Present ma\u2019am , say officials", "text": "KOLKATA: It's 4 pm at Writer's Buildings and Debjani Ghosh is seen hobbling down the deserted wooden staircase, holding on to her crutches. Most of her colleagues in the micro and small-scale enterprise and textiles department have already left. \"I take time to move,\" the Group C clerk smiles weakly. Will she find a bus home to Baguiati? Ghosh doesn't seem too worried. Instead, she's relieved that she has managed to stall a break-in-service in the last year of her job.Fear ruled Writers' on Tuesday. The chief minister, who usually arrives only around noon, walked in at 10.35 am. A majority of the staff was in by 6 am, and there were scores of others who actually beat them by staying overnight.Suchitra Modak, employee of correctional homes department , had been on leave for her daughter's Madhyamik examination. \"This was a break in by pay leave. I couldn't afford a pay-cut either as it would affect my promotion.\" The punitive measures that came with a government job had been thrashed out to the hilt over the past one week. Finally , employees like Modak and Ghosh decided that even a pay-cut would be bad enough as it would entail a day's service lapse.Chief secretary Samar Ghosh conceded that attendance was above normal. \"I guess on any other given day, it is around 75%. Today, it was higher.\"That was true even in the districts. The Malda district magistrate's office, for instance , recorded 93%. The divisional commissioner's office in Burdwan clinched an unbelievable 100% attendance. \"It's like compiling election results ,\" joked an official in the home (personnel and administrative reforms) department.The tally for 56 departments all over the state read thus: Group A - 88 %, Group B &amp; C - 83 %, Group D - 84 %. If this was a landslide victory , it was definitely bagged by Mamata and Co. with Surjyakanta Mishra and brigade crying foul.But was it only a 24-hour win, and a 365-day loss? A senior bureaucrat at Writers' said: \"It's a remarkable day - government employees scared out of their wits to avoid punishment .\" He asked a pertinent question: \"Will this bulldozing improve Bengal work culture?\"Shortly after noon, a group of workers affiliated to the State Government Employee's Federation did a recce of the departments. They were carrying a list of members of the Left-backed Coordination Committee. They ticked all the members present and most of them were, though they had shouted slogans against workers ' attending office merely 24 hours ago.\"Most of our members have come to work,\" confided an employee in a bureaucrat's office. \"If the break-in-service rule is applied selectively, it will be applied on us first and foremost. A political stand doesn't usually come before one's bread and butter,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12077773", "title": "\u2018Martyrs\u2019 photos do not draw youths\u2019", "text": "KANNUR: Writer M Mukundan has said political parties should avoid the practice of displaying the photographs of martyrs, because that would prevent the young generation from entering politics. \"When youth see the photograph of martyrs being displayed by the political parties at various venues, it gives them the feeling that what await them in politics is axes and swords,\" he said while delivering the Sukumar Azhikode memorial lecture organized by the Kannur press club here on Monday.\"In the new age, leadership is not just sloganeering. Today's voters are highly educated and what they are expecting is leaders who understand their issues,\" he said. \"Though I believe in the Left ideology, I suggest that the Left parties should look towards future instead of looking back to history alone,\" he said.Observing that Sukumar Azhikode was a social being, Mukundan said with Azhikode's death, the society has lost a great soul who stood for the common man. While legends like Adi Sankara and Buddha talked to the elite people or their own disciples, Azhikode talked about things like Upanishads to the common people in their own language,\" said Mukundan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12076596", "title": "GBTU to hold online MBA, MCA tests", "text": "LUCKNOW: Gautam Buddh Technical University (GBTU) will hold online entrance test for State Entrance Examination (SEE) 2012 for MBA and MCA programmes.GBTU pro-vice-chancellor and SEE coordinator Prof VK Singh said computer-based test is an attempt to do away with the conventional pen and paper. \"Many prominent entrance exams, especially of engineering and management, have gone online. Since the number of SEE candidates for MBA and MCA is fewer than BTech, we decided to start online entrance for these two courses,'' he said.The application process for MBA and MCA entrance, too, has become fully online. Last year, the university had given the option of offline application process for MBA and MCA aspirants. This year, however, there is no offline process. But for engineering aspirants, both online and offline mode of application will continue. While the online process (for MBA, MCA) began on Tuesday, the manual sale of application forms for engineering started on February 20 and will be closed on March 20. Management aspirants can fill up the form till March 22. The candidates should ensure that forms reach the university latest by March 26.The online MBA and MCA tests will be conducted on April 21 and 28. \"Candidates can pick up the dates according to their convenience. The dates will be given on first come first serve basis,'' said Singh. BTech entrance will be held on April 22. To conduct SEE, Prof Singh will be assisted by deputy coordinator Manish Gaur and associate coordinator Shailendra Sinha, both from the Institute of Engineering and Technology (IET).This year, GBTU has also decided to stick to its old pattern of examination. There will be 150 questions, each carrying four options. Last year, the exam was conducted by Mahamaya Technical University (MTU) and there were more than one correct answer for many questions. \"Asking students to check 600 options (150 questions) within a time slot of two hours is too much. Moreover, it creates confusion in marking,'' said Prof Singh.Another important change made this year is the withdrawal of management quota from the colleges. This has been done to put a check on the malpractices in private colleges at the time of admission. Now, there will only be 5% NRI quota in both government and private colleges, be it engineering or management,'' said officials.According to officials, after 5% NRI quota, 20% admissions to MBA will be done through Common Management Admission Test (CMAT), and remaining through SEE. For MCA, 95% admissions will be done through SEE while 5% will be filled by NRI quota. In engineering, 20% seats will be filled through All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE), 5% through NRI, and remaining through SEE.This year, there are nearly 30,000 seats in MBA, 15,000 in MCA and about 1.25 lakh in engineering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "p gannavaram (east godavari)", "code": "12077951", "title": "Two kindergarten kids die as bus falls into canal", "text": "P GANNAVARAM (EAST GODAVARI): Two kindergarten students died and eight others reportedly went missing when the school bus in which they were travelling plunged into an irrigation canal at Ganti Pedapudi village in P Gannavaram mandal in East Godavari district on Tuesday evening. The mini bus was carrying 25 LKG/UKG students.Fifteen children were saved by locals. But police are still not clear as to how many children were in the bus when it rolled into the canal. The driver fled from the spot. Search operations were on for the missing children till late in the night. Collector Neethu Prasad put the death toll at two. The accident occurred around 5.15pm when students of Sai Teja Public School were returning from school. Sources said the bus fell in the canal when the driver was reversing it to give way to a lorry coming from the opposite direction the narrow culvert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12081221", "title": "A date with the telly stars", "text": "Lucknowites had a date with the stars, telly stars to be precise. On Monday, actors Saumya Kamal Seth &amp; Shaheer Sheikh (\"Navya\"), and Anupam Shyam &amp; Parvati Sehgal (\"Pratigya\") were at Lohia park to interact with their fans, as a part of a promotional programme.Predictably, the crowd came in large numbers. The organizers seemed to be having a tough time controlling the people as fans perched atop trees and the park's boundary wall, all in a bid to have a dekko of their small screen idols.The actors, on their part, seemed taken aback seeing the crowd. \"Lucknow is really rocking, this sight just took my breath away.\" exclaimed Saumya. A feeling, which was echoed by Shaheer when he shouted out loud, \"Aapne hum log ki life bana di...\"But the real frenzy was triggered off when Shyam made his entry. The crowd cheered and a smiling Shyam apologised for his late entry.When one of the girls gathered there presented Saumya and Shaheer with flowers and hand made cards, there were appreciative claps and cheers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12078175", "title": "Theft in Vishal Nagar", "text": "ludhiana: A theft was reported from Vishal Nagar on Monday night. City-based businessman Jaswinder Singh said burglars decamped with Rs 45,000 cash and 80 grams gold worth around Rs 3 lakh from his house. In his police statement, Singh stated that his family was away to Chintpurni and when they returned, they found the house broken into. A case was registered.Car lifted: A car was reportedly lifted from Rajguru Nagar on Monday night. Complainant Vajinder Singh said he had parked his Ford outside his residence on Monday night, adding it was nowhere to be found on Tuesday morning. SHO of Sarabha Nagar Brij Mohan said a case had been registered.Students learn about animation: The fine arts department of Guru Nanak Khalsa College for Women, Model Town, apprised students with the use of animation in art through a seminar on Tuesday. Animation artists Himmat and Tanjeet told students about the various career options under fine arts and the importance of animation in various fields. College principal Kawaljeet Kaur appreciated the efforts of the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12077977", "title": "100 million years ago, dinos ruled Arctic", "text": "LONDON: Dinosaurs may have roamed among pine trees in the Arctic covered with weird monkey puzzle forests some 100 million years ago, a new study has claimed.Drawing up the first realistic picture of the fauna in the age of the dinosaurs, researchers from the Royal Holloway University of London claimed that about 100 million years ago, the polar-regions had a climate similar to Britain today.Just before the extinction of dinosaurs the picture changed again, with magnolia-type trees springing into life bringing blossom and scent to the world for the first time, the researchers reported in the journal Geology. The findings have implications for understanding the long-term effects of global warming, they added.Study author Emiliano Peralta-Medina said, \"Our research shows that weird monkey puzzle forests covered most of the planet, especially in the steamy tropics.\"\"Just before the dinosaurs became extinct, all that changed. Flowering trees similar to magnolias took off, bringing colour and scent to the world for the first time.\"Studying fossilized tree rings, the team discovered that trees were growing twice as fast as their modern ancestors , with the greatest effect closest to the poles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080645", "title": "A starry affair in Kolkata", "text": "It couldn't have been a more perfect evening as celebrities from all walks of life - be it film, fashion, music, politics and art - gathered at the Tollygunge Club for Celebrating Kolkata, an awards ceremony jointly initiated by Sanjay Budhia, designer Jyotee Khaitan and Renu Roy.Achievers in diverse categories were honoured for their indisputable talent, hard work and dedication in recognition of their contribution to their respective fields. Shashi Tharoor, Aparna Sen, Nandita Das , Bappi Lahiri, B Muthuraman, Sugata Bose, Ranjit Mallick, Jogen Chowdhury, Rudraprasad Sengupta, Raima Sen, Roopa Ganguly, Usha Uthup, and Sanjiv Goenka were some of the awardees.Said Sanjay, \"Celebrating Kolkata is all about cele brating success. Our aim was to showcase the success stories of people who make us proud. People from all walks of life, be it fashion, art, literature, need to be recognized and felicitated. The event did just that.\" In between the event, Usha Uthup and Bappi Lahiri delighted the audience with foot-tapping numbers. The celebrity fashion walk was a major draw at the event. The city's favourite stars walked the ramp in Jyotee's creations to music composed by percussionist Bickram Ghosh. \"The greatest compliment I received that day was when Shashi Tharoor told me that he loved the fashion show,\" said the designer. \"The award instiled a sense of belonging in all present. It was an honour to organize such an event,\" said Renu Roy.SPOTTED: Haider Aziz Safwi, Krishna Bose, HP Budhia, Harsh Neotia, Rajive Kaul, Srinjoy Bose, Haranath Chakraborty, Wasim Kapoor, Anamika Khanna, Sudha Kaul, Rajive Kaul, Arjun Chakraborty, Nilanjjanaa Chakraborty, Rachna Banerjee, Pallavi Chatterjee, Locket Chatterjee, Swagatalakshmi Dasgupta, Alokananda Roy, Sushil Dhandhania, Ujjal Upadhyay, Sanjay Jhunjhunwala, Pradeep Sureka, Dipti Khaitan, Sanjay Agarwal, Ravindra Chamaria, Devang Gandhi, SK Menon, Arindam Sil, Mumtaz and Moubani Sorcar, Paoli, Sreelekha Mitra, Derek O'Brien, Goutam Ghose Krishna Bose and Jeffrey Reneau", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076332", "title": "Kripa's properties attached by SIT", "text": "MUMBAI: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the disproportionate assets case against former Mumbai Congress unit chief Kripashankar Singh has also booked him under the Prevention of Corruption Act.The team, comprising 10 officials and headed by additional commissioner of police (economic offences wing) Rajwardhan Sinha filed the first information report (FIR) on Tuesday evening and took over investigations.According to the procedure in case of cheating, forgery or white collar crimes exceeding Rs 25 lakh, the EOW files an FIR at a local police station and takes over the probe. An officer said Nirmal Nagar was chosen for the FIR as Singh lives in Sai Prasad building at Kalanag-ar, Bandra.According to the ACB inquiry report, Singh owns two benami flats in the building-one in the name of his brother-in-law Surendra Sin-gh and the other in the name of Ramshankar Pandey, a distant relative.While city police chief Arup Patnaik was unavailable for comment, Sinha refused to confirm the FIR, stating that investigations were highly confidential. Sources said the SIT has attached Singh's properties at Carter Road, Nirmal Nagar and Powai in the city and a few others in places like Jaunpur, Ranchi and Lucknow. The high court has directed the SIT to submit its report on April 19. According to sources, the police are likely to seek help from private chartered accountants as well ACB officials who had inquired into Singh's assets.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi had last Wednesday directed Patnaik to file an FIR against Singh for criminal misconduct and attach properties belonging to him and his family members under the Prevention of Corruption Act. The court's order came during the hearing of a PIL filed by activist Sanjay Tiwari last year alleging that Singh had amassed crores of rupees disproportionate to his known sources of income. Stating that the PIL's memo be treated as an FIR, the HC had directed he Mumbai police chief to personally investigate the criminal case against Singh and his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076301", "title": "Head constable dies in accident in East Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 45-year-old head constable of Delhi Police was killed after his bike was hit by an unidentified vehicle in the wee hours of Tuesday.The incident took place around 1am in Madhu Vihar area of east Delhi. The deceased, Abhay Narayan Rai, was posted at Rohini South police station in outer Delhi. He was on his way home to Kaushambi, Ghaziabad when the incident occured near Azad Ground, police said. Passersby made a PCR call and Rai was rushed to a nearby hospital. However, he was declared brought dead, police said.A case of rash driving and causing death has been registered against unknown persons. Hunt for the errant driver is on, said police officials. Rai is survived by a wife and three daughters.In another incident, two Delhi Police constables were injured by an unknown driver while patrolling the streets of Gole Market on February 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12077893", "title": "If you pay well, you'llget proficient guards", "text": "COIMBATORE: Even while most banks and jewellery shops in the city pay scant regard to security measures, gold merchants in Raja Street and Big Bazar Street have woken up to reality. From March, two physically fit armed security personnel will roam the streets at night, providing protection to over 150 small scale shops engaged in gold business.K Krishnamurthy of Coimbatore jewellers association, says the Tirupur burglary forced traders to tighten security measures. The security personnel will guard the shops from 6 pm to 6 am. The association will appoint additional security guards who would roam the streets but without weapons.Sixty-two-year-old security guard N Subhash Raj (name changed on request) says poor pay and huge commission taken by middle men prevent youngsters from joining this field. \"A security guard is paid very little. Those who avail our service know we can do nothing in the face of a robbery. They create an illusion that they are safe, recruiting aged men at meager salaries. I get Rs 4,000 per month but the agency takes Rs 800 from me. How can I survive on this,'' he asks.According to A Xavier of globe detective agency which supplies security guards, unauthorized agencies have been on the rise. \"As per law, each agency must be registered with the local police. It must give basic details of those recruited to the police. But this is not being done. We take finger prints of the recruited to submit to police and employer. Their background is scrutinized apart from collecting their personal documents,'' he said.\"If you want proficient guards, you have to pay accordingly. The government must announce a pay scale for security guards,'' says N Manikandan, who runs a security agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12077136", "title": "Residents of old Gurgaon to meet DMRC chief today", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of the old city, lobbying for an extension of the Metro line to the other side of the expressway, will meet DMRC managing director Mangu Singh on Wednesday.Contending with the DMRC's current proposal of an 11-km extension - from Dwarka Sector 21 to IFFCO Chowk - of Airport Express line, a group of residents is demanding a route diversion to connect old Gurgaon with Metro line.\"The oldest part of Gurgaon has been completely neglected. It's congested and needs urban transport like Metro,\" said S S Dahiya, a resident of Sector 4.He claims that more than half the commuters using the Metro to travel between Delhi and Gurgaon are from the old city area. \"If a Metro station comes up near Sector 4 or 5, it will help thousands of commuters,\" he added.Local MP, Rao Inderjit Singh, is also expected to be present at the meeting. Represented by civic groups and resident associations, the delegation will also hand over a petition to Singh.\"The petition has been signed by more than 2,000 people in old Gurgaon,\" said Dharam Sagar, chairman of the Federation of Resident Welfare Associations. The residents' group is also planning to approach chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12075830", "title": "Govt cancels Army chief\u2019s Israel visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General V K Singh's visit to Israel in mid-March has been cancelled because of the tense political situation in West Asia.\"Syria is restless and other things are happening in the region,\" minister of state for defence M M Pallam Raju told reporters on Tuesday. \"Primarily because of what is happening in Syria which is experiencing little turbulence. So I guess it is better. I am sure they must be better informed about the situation,\" he added.When asked why the decision was taken so late, he said, \"These things can happen anytime. We cannot predict. So it is better to be cautious.\"Gen Singh was to travel to Israel between March 16 and 18 on an official visit, during which he was to interact with the top brass of the Israeli military and visit some key security facilities. Gen Singh was also to witness demonstration of some key military equipment.The rising tensions in West Asia because of Iran's nuclear ambitions, the stand-off in Syria and other regional issues have all been of grave concern to India. \"It would have been a diplomatically uncomfortable situation for us if the chief were to visit Israel at this point of time,\" a senior defence official said.Officials also indicated that the decision to cancel the visit was taken on the advice of the foreign ministry.Sources, however, dismissed rumours that the denial of permission to Gen Singh to visit Israel was linked to the establishment's low trust in the Army chief since his open confrontation with the government over his age issue.The visit was scheduled some months back, so the cancellation at the final moment is open to interpretation. An Army officer said the cancellation was purely because of the sudden worsening of the situation in West Asia, and the possible adverse fallout of an Israeli visit by the Army chief now. India is keen to avoid any unwanted unease with Iran , he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12078387", "title": "HC directive to forensic experts in missing man's son", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Monday directed the forensic department to compare records relating to an unidentified body, which is believed to be that of Kathirnayagam (58), son of former Ramanthapuram MP, Kasinathadurai, and file a report.Kathirnayagam was found missing since 2010 after he was admitted at the Government Rajaji Hospital, Madurai for treatment. The police swung into action after the court directed the police to trace the missing person, following a habeas corpus petition filed by his wife K Shanmugasundari of Rajapalayam.In a fresh counter-affidavit filed on Monday, S Velladurai, assistant commissioner of police, Anna Nagar range stated that Tallakulam police discovered an unidentified body of a male in a bus stop at Narimedu on April 16, 2010. After an inquest by sub-inspector Dharmalingam, the body was kept at the GRH for three days and then buried at Thathaneri burial ground after a post-mortem on April 20, 2010.However, the wife of Kathirnayagam Shanmugasundari contended that she was not sure if the photo of the body shown to her was that of her husband's.The bench comprising Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar and Justice P Devadass directed the petitioner to produce details of the personal identification marks of her husband. The bench told the regional Tamil Nadu forensic laboratory to compare the photographs of Kathirnayagam available with police, his wife and his service records. The bench posted the case for further hearing on March 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12078079", "title": "Residents pelt MC officials with stones", "text": "PANCHKULA: High drama was witnessed on Tuesday evening when municipal corporation officials had gone to close an unauthorized passage in Sector 19, Panchkula, where local residents pelted stones at the authorities. The brawl took an ugly turn and could be only brought under control after the intervention of police.\"On Tuesday some local residents had made a demand of getting the way leading to Hari Krishna Enclave closed. This way forms a kind of boundary between Zirakpur and Panchkula and heavy vehicles had started plying on the same,\" said Ram Krishan, a resident of Sector 19, Panchkula.He added, \"The executive officer (EO), municipal corporation, O P Sehag had agreed to the suggestion of getting the way closed. It was after some of their officials and our own labour started closing the way that around 20 people from the Punjab side approached us, pelted stones and abused.\"\"The brawl took such an ugly turn that the police had to be called in. The offenders abused the police officials also,\" said Raj Mohan, an eye witness.When contacted, EO, O P Sehag, said, \"The local residents asked us to close the way as it was unauthorized and heavy vehicles had started plying on the same leading to a lot of chaos on that road. But the same was opposed by others and as a result the brawl took place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078625", "title": "AM Naik new IIM-A chairman", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The chairman and managing director of infrastructure giant L&T;, Anil Manibhai Naik, has been appointed as the new chairman of Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) Society. He will also chair the institute's board of governors.This is the first time that the institute has appointed its own chairman as part of the new memorandum of association (MoA) between the central government and the institute.\"Naik will take charge after the present chairman Vijaypath Singhania's term ends on March 28,\" said IIM-A director Samir Barua.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12076004", "title": "DMRC chief displeased with pace of Metro work", "text": "JAIPUR: Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) managing director Manghu Singh on his first inspection of Jaipur metro rail project on Tuesday expressed displeasure over the slow pace of work at the Mansarovar depot.During his inspection, he asked the officers concerned to iron out the problems so that Jaipur Metro can run in the stipulated time.According to the officials, 35% work of Mansarovar depot has been completed. Singh instructed the contracted company to increase the work force. Seeing the reactions of the metro chief, the company has assured to increase the force within 15 days. At present, there are around 450 people working on the site while around 750 workers are still required.Talking to the media, Singh, said, \"Though there is delay in the project at some places, the Jaipur Metro Rail service would be opened to the people by June 2013 the deadline fixed for the completion of phase-I of the project.\"Singh was a day long visit to Jaipur on Tuesday. He inspected the Metro sites in the morning and also met urban development and housing minister Shanti Dhariwal and the Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation ( JMRC) managing director and briefed them on the project's status.A DMRC official said the launching operation (work for laying the bed of elevated metro rail tracks) will be completed by December 2012, despite a delay by one month. \"We have used some engineering innovations to bridge the gap. The work is expected to be completed on scheduled time as the inspection team from the Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) is strict on oscillation trials,\" he said.\"The DMRC will also start giving the front to contractors by next month, so that all the work is completed. The work will be allotted in phases to avoid delay,\" he informed. Contractors have also been awarded contract for rolling stock, signaling, 132 KV receiving sub-stations, overhead equipment and tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12078234", "title": "Ruckus in House over defunct PMCH machine", "text": "PATNA: The issue of the defunct CT scan machine of the Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) rocked the Bihar Legislative Council during pre-lunch session on Tuesday. Upper House members, cutting across the party lines, termed it a serious public interest issue. Dissatisfied over the reply of the health minister, members demanded the setting up of a House committee to probe the delay in purchasing the new CT scan machine which caused great inconvenience to the serious ailing patients admitted to the PMCH.Council chairman Tara Kant Jha agreed to probe the matter. He said he would summon all files concerning the purchase of the machine.Earlier, replying to a question of Sanjay Prasad of the JD(U) in the council, health minister Ashwini Kumar Chaubey admitted that the machine of the PMCH is not operational since December 19, 2009. The minister also said that this machine is beyond repair now. It has already outlived its utility, he said.Chaubey further said that the government has completed the process of purchasing a new machine through PPP mode. Soon after the completion of mandatory electrical and civil works in the prescribed room, the machine would start functioning, he said.Challenging the minister's statement, RJD member Nawal Kishore Yadav alleged that the CT scan machine of the PMCH has never been operational. He demanded a thorough probe into it. Yadav sought to know the details about the date of purchase of the machine.Similarly, Chandan Bagchi of the Congress also alleged that the minister has misled the House by making confusing statement over the purchase of the machine. He demanded the setting up of a House committee by the chairman to probe into this sensitive matter.Members also expressed concern over the inordinate delay in purchasing new machine since 2009. Deputy leader of the ruling party in the House Ramashray Prasad Singh also termed it a very sensitive and public interest issue. Singh said that the chairman should personally look into the matter.Deputy CM Sushil K Modi also urged the chairman of the House to look into the matter at his level. Jha, while intervening during discussion, said that this matter had also come up in the high court prior to 2009.The chairman also wondered why this machine remained defunct for so long. Why has the government not taken any interest in buying another one, asked a member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12069671", "title": "Ajay Devgn joins Mallika in item number", "text": "Priyadarshan's all set to start shooting his much talked about item song Laila for Tezz tomorrow in Film City. Featuring Mallika Sherawat , the song will be choreographed by Ganesh Acharya.Leading actors Ajay Devgn and Zayed Khan will also join Mallika for this song. Though the two will not shake a leg with the damsel, the actors will be featured in the song. Mallika will be seen in one of her most glamorous avatars. The actress will be sporting costumes designed by famous Bollywood designer Ashley Rebello.The song has been schedule to wrap up in just four days. Apparently 'Laila' will be different from Mallika's earlier item numbers.Famous for her sexy item songs, Mallika has done item numbers like Jalebi Bai, Razia gundon mein phans gayi and Shalu ke thumke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12077594", "title": "PCB notice to Simhadri power plant", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Following public outcry, the AP Pollution Control Board (PCB) issued notices to NTPC Simhadri power plant for violating pollution control norms and ordered the thermal power plant management to set aside Rs 3 crore as bank guarantee towards the welfare measures of the affected people. However, the NTPC authorities had a discussion with PCB officials and assured to provide Rs 2 crore bank guarantee.According to sources, the PCB task force was even planning to impose a cut on the production of NTPC Simhadri unit but severe shortage of power in the state had forced the board to ask for the bank guarantee so that the affected people will be protected. Task force superintendent engineer Ramesh told TOI that they have evidences of NTPC violating pollution control norms.The plant had made arrangements to store the fly ash after burning the coal in a pond. But the plant management has not been following PCB norms as the fly ash is getting dumped in nearby areas. \"Some time they are letting it to mix with the sea waters thereby polluting the waters and posing problems to the marine wealth,\" a senior PCB official said.There have been protests by people on the increasing levels of pollution in the last four months demanding stringent actions against pollution-generating industries. Following protests, PCB imposed cuts on the production of HPCL to the tune of 30 per cent and a 50 per cent cut was imposed on production of Essar Steels Limited recently.PCB has also set up the regional task force for the north coastal and both Godavari districts recently to check pollution levels. Earlier, these districts were under the purview of Vijayawada regional centre which has jurisdiction of 10 districts.With PCB's action, HPCL is not able to reach its total capacity of 8.3 million tonnes. Essar Steels has already responded to PCB's directives and is planning to install pollution control equipment at a cost of Rs 2 crore.The Project was developed near Parawada and 3384 acres of land. People of this area earlier had complained to authorities about dumping of ash out of the permitted land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077623", "title": "Two held for shooting ad film at Shaniwarwada", "text": "PUNE: The Vishrambaug police on Tuesday arrested two officials of a film production house for allegedly shooting an ad film on the premises of Shaniwarwada without taking permission from the Archaeological Survey of India and other authorities. Both of them were released later after a court granted them bail.The film unit had illegally put up a board on the outer wall of the protected monument.The two arrested were identified as Robin D'Cruz (29) and Kumar Uttam Pardeshi (28). They were charged under sections 188 (Disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant), 427 (Mischief causing damage) of the Indian Penal Code and the relevant sections of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958.The unit was shooting an advertisement for a car. The board put up just above the 'Khidki Darwaja' read 'Palam Jail'.B G Yelikar, assistant conservator, ASI, said his colleagues informed him about the shooting on his cellphone while he was on his way to Karla on Monday. \"I told them to check whether the unit had taken proper permission for the shooting,\" Yelikar said, adding that \"when my colleagues asked them about the permission, they spoke harshly with them.\" Yelikar, then, told his colleagues to lodge a complaint with the police.The Vishrambaug police rushed to the site. Inspector Rajendra Sawant said, \"The unit had no proper permission to shoot at the site. The shooting was stopped and the two officials arrested.\"Senior PI Arjun Sakunde said, the police had received a letter on February 23, from the production house seeking permission to shoot at Shaniwarwada. \"But we told them that they have to take permission from the ASI, the Pune Municipal Corporation and the traffic police,\" Sakunde said. tnnYelikar said the ASI gives permission for shooting at such monuments. \"But defaming of the monuments is not allowed\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12077969", "title": "Sunita Williams to address Kovai students", "text": "COIMBATORE: Sunita Williams , the US astronaut of Indian origin, will interact with students of a city college on Wednesday through video conferencing, said Corinna Ybarra Arnold, the acting public affairs officer at the US Consulate General in Chennai.Talking to media persons here, Corinna said the programme is a part of 'Experience America in Coimbatore,' a three-day programme to be organized at CODISSIA Hall and some of the city colleges by the US Consulate from Wednesday to Friday.\"Sunita Williams will conduct a 'face to face' with the students of the GRD College on Wednesday through a digital video conference. She will address the students and then answer their questions,\" said Corinna. She said that the consulate will be conducting programmes for students and businesses in the city. \"Our major focus is on students. We will conduct several programmes on visa processes and higher education in different colleges,\" she said.She later told TOI that the issues regarding visas to the US have been resolved for the most part. \"The consulate has tried to 'demystify' the visa issuing processes. However, if there are still problems they could be raised to the visa officer who will come be in the city for the programmes,\" she said.They will also conduct programmes for encouraging business. \"We want to encourage Indian investments in the US and also businesses from US to come to India. Some of our major brands will put up stalls at CODISSIA. The major businesses we focus on are IT, machinery and apparels, among others,\" said Corinna.An official associated with the consulate later said that Coimbatore was selected for the event because of a vibrant student and business community in the city. \"We have conducted similar programmes, but this time it will be in a much larger scale. We want the consulate services to be extended to students and businesses in second tier cities like Coimbatore,\" the official said.Several programmes will be conducted during the events. \"Different facets of the US including food, music, and films will be reflected. There will be debates, workshops and lectures,\" said Corinna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077848", "title": "Owners fear life threat from Sabita's son, seek DGP's help", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Miyapur land dispute took a new turn on Tuesday with one of the groups, claiming ownership of the property, approaching director general of police (DGP) V Dinesh Reddy stating that they were facing life threat from home minister Sabita Indra Reddy's son Karthik Reddy. Meanwhile, Cyberabad commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumal Rao suspended Miyapur inspector S Bheem Reddy and SI Ramulu in connection with the case.On Monday, Moinuddin, a realtor from Erragadda, lodged a complaint with assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Kukatpally, P V Padmaja alleging that associates of his rivals Narayan Rao, Vittal Reddy, Abdul Ghani and Vikrutam trespassed into the 1.08 acre disputed land (survey numbers 110, 111 of Madinaguda in Miyapur) under his possession and bulldozed a building. He claimed that the home minister's son Karthik Reddy was supporting the culprits but his name was not mentioned in the complaint.On Tuesday morning, Moinuddin along with his son Javed and their associate, Jayaprakash, who is the developer of the land, approached the DGP and said that they have a threat from Karthik Reddy.\"We met the DGP and told him about the threat from Karthik Reddy and his associates. In the police complaint, we have only mentioned about people who trespassed into the land, but later we discovered that Karthik Reddy was behind the incident\", Jayaprakash said.However, the land developer refused to divulge details about the reaction from the DGP and said all details would be announced at a press meet on Wednesday.Based on the complaint lodged by Moinuddin, police have already booked cases under sections 188 (Disobedience to an order lawfully promulgated by a public servant), 427 (Mischief and causing damage to a property) and 447 (Criminal trespass) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against Narayan Rao, Abdul Ghani, Vikrutam and Vithal Reddy.According to sources, Miyapur inspector S Bheem Reddy and SI Ramulu failed to maintain status quo order issued by court and colluded with the trespassers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12079985", "title": "IBM cuts 1,000 jobs in US, Canada: Report", "text": "NEW YORK: International Business Machines Corp, the world's largest computer-services provider, fired more than 1,000 workers in North America this week, according to an employee advocacy group.The job reductions are mostly in the US, with some in Canada , said Lee Conrad, national coordinator of Alliance@IBM, which has been trying to organize IBM employees. The group is continuing to update the number as it receives severance documents from workers notified with what IBM calls \"resource actions,\" Conrad said. Redundant employees may apply for other positions within IBM, the documents show.Doug Shelton, a spokesman for Armonk, New York-based IBM, declined to provide a number, citing company policy and the \"competitive nature of our business.\"The cuts would represent about 0.2 per cent of IBM's global workforce, which totaled 433,362 at the end of 2011, according to the annual report filed today with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. The company stopped providing a geographic breakdown of its employees in 2009. At the end of 2008, US staff accounted for 115,000 of its 398,455 employees, according to its annual report that year.\"IBM is constantly rebalancing its workforce,\" Shelton said today. \"That means reducing in some areas and hiring in others -- based on shifts in technology and client demand. This allows IBM to remain competitive and relevant in an industry that is constantly changing.\"IBM rose less than 1 per cent to $197.98 at the close in New York . The shares have gained 7.7 per cent this year.Alliance@IBM is affiliated with the Communications Workers of America and is seeking union recognition at IBM.Information Week reported yesterday that more than 250 jobs had been cut at IBM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12076147", "title": "Noida rape victim alleges threat at night", "text": "NOIDA: A day after Uttar Pradesh police launched an investigation into the allegations that Noida police officials had disclosed the identity of the Class X girl who was allegedly gang-raped on February 24, the victim has alleged that some unknown people are threatening her and her family.According to the victim, four to five youths came near her house late on Monday night and threw stones, hurling abuses at her and her family. \"Around 10.50pm, some men knocked at our door, claiming they were our neighbours. However, when my mother refused to open the door, they began shouting and abusing us. They even threw stones,\" she said. \"As all five accused have been arrested by police, we fear that their friends and relatives are trying to scare us off,\" the victim's mother said.The family then informed police and a PCR van has been posted outside the victim's house. \"We have received the complaint. The girl's family believes that some people known to the five accused are trying to scare them and we are looking into the matter,\" a senior police officer said. SHO Arun Kumar of sector 24 police station confirmed that a PCR van had been posted outside the victim's house to \"keep a watch\".Noida police's remarks on the victim's character and its statements disclosing her identity continue to invite the ire from residents, activists and politicians alike. BJP leader Sushma Swaraj has demanded action against the erring cops. Condemning the insensitive act, she demanded that a \"case be registered against the guilty officials\".Swaraj also tweeted her comments. \"Under Section 228A of Indian Penal Code, the disclosure of the identity of a rape victim is punishable with two years' imprisonment and fine. Yet Noida police gave the name and address of the rape victim in a press conference. This is adding insult to the injury.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12078107", "title": "Govt hustles to get House TV channel", "text": "BANGALORE: An uneasy government is expediting the process of having its own legislature television channel, along the one airing Lok Sabha proceedings , and will subsequently ban the entry of private television channels in the assembly and council.On Tuesday, CM Sadananda Gowda, speaker K G Bopaiah, council chairman D H Shankaramurthy, officials from the assembly and council secretariat, and Doordarshan discussed the three-year-old proposal. Huge costs - to the tune of Rs 45 crore to Rs 50 crore - had kept the proposal in cold storage till now. But, the sleaze clip expose and subsequent developments are fast-forwarding this proposal.DD WILL PROTECT DIGNITYExplaining the need for an official channel, Shankaramurthy said: \"Unwarranted things happen . Unparliamentary words are uttered. Besides, the running around of cameramen from one end to another in the House disturbs proceedings. As a presiding officer of the legislative council, it is my duty to ensure discipline, dignity, respect and decorum of the House.\"\"We are exploring the possibility of having a TV channel like in Lok Sabha. We are studying the pros and cons and financial implications ,'' CM DV Sadananda Gowda said after the meeting.However, both the CM and the council chairman ruled out banning private TV channels in the near future and said the present system will continue in the budget session in March and June.The speaker and chairman, along with a team of officials, will visit New Delhi to study the Lok Sabha TV system and hold discussions with the Lok Sabha Speaker and secretariat officials . The chairman said the visit will happen after the budget session.Times viewFor long, the Karnataka government had been planning to have its TV channel to cover the House proceedings. It's surprising that the move has been revived just after the House was shamed by Porngate in which private TV channels captured two ministers watching what's said to be a porn clip. Yes, there's an example in Parliament whose proceedings are judiciously covered by Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha channels; the BJP government should implement this with caution to stay in the clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jewar", "code": "12076319", "title": "Bhatta effect: Jewar votes with vengeance", "text": "JEWAR: The Jewar constituency, which was rocked by violence over land acquisition, recorded a massive voter turnout on Tuesday. Residents of twin villages of Bhatta and Parsaul - scarred by a brutal police crackdown in May last year - trooped to the polling booths. The constituency saw a substantial 62% turnout.Many villagers said they are voting for a better future and won't cling on to the past. But for others, the scars are yet to heal. Jewar is crucial to both BSP and Congress. While Mayawati hopes to repeat her 2007 performance here, Congress is banking on Rahul Gandhi's forays into Bhatta-Parsaul and the alliance with Rashtriya Lok Dal to reap dividends in the Jat-dominated seat.Though villagers are disillusioned with BSP's anti-farmer policies, it remains to be seen if this translates into votes for rival candidates. Locals say lack of development has further eaten into BSP's support base.In Bhatta, Parsaul and neighbouring Aacchepur and Chandpur, the Rahul magic seems to have worked.\"He came to us when the whole area was in flames. And he doused the fires. He may have used it for political mileage, but if he had not intervened, village after village would have been wiped out and no one would have batted an eyelid,\" a villager said.\"The state government turned brokers for private developers and grabbed our land. We cannot let that happen again,\" they said. Dalits and Jatavs, however, claimed they will continue to back BSP.In Dankaur, that alone accounts for 7500 voters, Thakurs swore support for Congress, but majority villages pledged alliance with Samajwadi Party . \"We have voted for BSP and BJP in the past. Nothing has worked for us. While, all our land hosts the Jaypee Sports City, there are no industries or alternative jobs,\" said Shiv Dutt Singh(70).Curiously, people seem to be divided on jailed JD(U) candidate Manveer Tewatia, who had led the campaign against land acquisition. Villagers say while his efforts earned emotional support, he may not win as he is not \"capable of bringing about change on his own\".Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12078061", "title": "Farm to shelter stray dogs", "text": "COIMBATORE: The growing stray dog menace in the city dominated discussions in the corporation council meeting on Monday afternoon leading Mayor S M Velusamy to promise councilors a model dog farm that will accommodate stray dogs to be started soon at Vellalore. The dog farm will have all necessary facilities including food, the mayor said.R Gayathri, ward 12 councillor raised the issue of stray dogs in the council meeting. Many residents were getting bitten by stray dogs, requiring people to be vaccinated against rabies. Their rehabilitation is a big problem as the city lacks proper shelters, she said. The castration centre at P N Pudur needs to be improved and its function must be expanded, she demanded.Meanwhile, 41 other issues came up for discussion in the meeting including water scarcity. Councillor Nandakumar spoke about the pathetic condition of the Vadavalli Road where widening works are progressing at a snail's pace. Commissioner T K Ponnusamy promised immediate action including completion of works on schedule. Nandakumar also pointed out that many parts of Vadavalli did not get adequate drinking water.Ponnusamy in his reply said the corporation was getting 100 mld water from both Pillur-1 and Pillur-2 water supply schemes and they were close to resolving the water woes of Singanallur. Now, the corporation is getting an additional 3 lakh litres of water from Pillur projects and they would be diverted to Vadavalli area in a week's time, he said. Some of the councilors wanted drilling of bore wells in the city to meet the demand during peak of summer.Senior councilor P Rajkumar wanted steps to remove illegal constructions in new areas added to the Corporation. Mayor Velusamy promised quick action. The mayor also promised to launch a project at the sewage treatment plant at Ondipudur to generate power from sewages. The corporation is now paying Rs 8 lakh as electricity fee for sewage treatment plant at Ukkadam. A new technology would help generate electricity from sewage at Ondipudur and that would help corporation save its resources, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076351", "title": "Business hit, normal life unaffected by bandh", "text": "MUMBAI: Though normal life in Mumbai was unaffected by Tuesday's all-India labour bandh, business in port areas, the forex and money markets, public sector banks, industries, hotels and the power sector were hit.Mumbaikars were relieved in the morning when they found bus, auto, taxi and train services operating smoothly. \"It is a busy weekday and I am glad I was able to reach my workplace without hindrance,\" said Pratik Gandhi, a Central Railway commuter.The bandh did not have any impact on public transport accessed by 13 million Mumbaikars daily. BEST initially had hiccups and withdrew its AC King Long buses, but they were pressed into service by noon. At least 98% autos were on the road with a few drivers taking out a morcha. Taxis were present in full strength and fleetcabs operated uninterrupted. The retail markets, vegetable and Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC) wholesale markets were also open.BANKS/INSURANCEThe strike's impact was restricted largely to banks and insurance companies. The strike in the public sector impacted cheque clearance. The strike in public sector banks also impacted treasury activity in forex and bonds. \"Trading was affected as counterparties were not there. Also, work was not coming in from other centers. However, equity markets functioned,\" said A Y Shedshale, head of treasury, Bank of Maharashtra , a public sector bank.According to the Reserve Bank of India, 2.25 lakh cheques came in for clearance, as against 7-7.5 lakh on normal days. The cheque value was down at Rs 1,500 crore, as against daily transactions of Rs 3,000-4,000 crore with 94 out of 95 banks participating. State Bank of Indian officers did not participate in the strike.The Maharashtra State Bank Employees Federation said over 10 lakh working in 70,000 offices struck work. Besides public sector banks, old private banks, cooperative banks and regional rural banks were affected. Some branches of foreign banks, such as HSBC , Citi and StanChart, also did not function.In the insurance sector, Life Insurance Corporation offices were affected as Class III employees who were part of unions participated in the strike. Private sector insurance companies functioned besides SBI Life and SBI General Insurance. Two large engineering companies, Larsen &amp; Toubro and Siemens declared a holiday on account of the strike.PORTSWork in port areas, especially JNPT at Nhava Sheva, was badly hit. More than 3,000 truckers parked vehicles near the port, with business losses running into crores of rupees.RESTAURANTS AND BARSIt was a mixed response from the city's over 7,000 restaurants and bars. While some establishments were closed, most witnessed poor business. Federation of Hotels and Restaurants Associations of India (FHRAI) president Kamlesh Barrot said though members and associations within the federation did not participate in the strike, business in hotels was affected as many banks were closed.TELECOM &amp; POWERTelecom sector sources said though call services, which are automatically operated, were smooth throughout the day, services normally offered to repair damages and faults were badly affected. In the power sector too, the business of suppliers was normal. However, MSEDCL sources said 5-10% services offered on the ground were affected in Mulund, Bhandup, Kanjur Marg, Thane, Navi Mumbai, Kalyan-Dombivli, Alibaug, Vasai-Virar, Ulhasnagar, Bhiwandi, Ambernath, and Kulgaon-Badlapur.THE MORCHAAs industries were hit, trade union leaders marched to Azad Maidan at noon to raise their voice on various issues. A R Golandaz of the All-India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) threatened another strike if their demands are not met in the coming weeks. He addressed a rally attended by 5,000 workers belonging to trade unions affiliated to various political parties. The issues were the government's inaction in controlling prices of foodstuffs/commodities, demand for implementation of labour laws with offenders being penalized, a minimum wage of Rs 10,000 per month for all workers, and social security measures for the unorganized sector, which accounts for 40 crore citizens nationwide.Red and saffron flags waved in unison at the rally, as workers of the Communist Party of India, Communist Party of India (Marxist), socialist and Congress-affiliated unions mingling with workers of Bharatiya Janata Party and Shiv Sena-controlled unions.THANE &amp; BEYONDThe Nalasopara bandh called by the local Congress unit to protest against the lack of development and basic amenities was a success. Shops and establishments were shut along with schools, other educational institutes and autos. The strike was to protest against the Vasai-Virar Municipal Corporation's step-motherly treatment to Nalasopara", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076314", "title": "Applications invited for Haj this year", "text": "MUMBAI: The Haj Committee of India , the nodal agency for Haj operations in the country,has announced that applications for Haj this year will be accepted between March 1 and April 16.The committee's CEO, S Shakir Hussain, , Haj panel's CEO, said on Tuesday that preference will be given to applicants who are 70 and above and have not performed Haj even once in their lifetime.Those whose applications were rejected continuously for the last three years will be considered for the reserved category. International passport with validity up to March 31, 2013 is mandatory. Over 1 lakh Indian Haj pilgrims go to Mecca for annual Haj while 45,000 travel through private tour operators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12079833", "title": "Kajal Aggarwal's next with Akshay Kumar", "text": "The actress will share screenspace with Khiladi Kumar in Neeraj Pandey's directorialAfter debuting opposite Ajay Devgn in Bollywood with Singham, Kajal Aggarwal is all kicked about working with Akshay Kumar in her next. Yes, she will be seen romancing Khiladi Kumar in a film, which will be directed by Neeraj Pandey.Tentatively titled Special Chabbis, the film is based on the 1987 jewellery heist that took place in Mumbai. We hear that Akki was keen on roping in Kajal for this film, and had her character specially written. Kajal confirms, saying, \"I will start shooting for my portions from March 9. I was approached by Neeraj's office, and when I heard my role, I loved it. Though it's based on a reallife incident, Neeraj has partly fictionalised it. I liked the director's previous flick, A Wednesday.\"Meanwhile, the actress is shooting for two big Tamil films - Maattrraan and Thuppaki - with Suriya and Vijay respectively. \"My characters in these two films are entirely different from each other,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077591", "title": "Engineering student, GF held for stealing iPhone", "text": "NAGPUR: Lure of iPhone landed a young couple in police custody. Gaurav Raut (20), a second year engineering student living in Bezonbagh, and his Class XII fail girlfriend were arrested for stealing an expensive iPhone worth Rs 40,000 from a teenage girl. According to the police, the couple was arrested a month after they had stolen the phone.On January 29, 16-year-old Shreya Sutariya was talking on her cell phone outside her home on Amravati Road when the couple saw her. Tempted by the expensive handset, Gaurav stopped his bike some distance distance away while his girlfriend stood near Shreya.Shreya, who was still talking on phone, disconnected the call and asked the girl if she needed any help. The girl asked Shreya if she could use her phone to make an important call. Not suspecting anything, Shreya gave her phone to the girl. The girl made the call and while talking slowly moved away from Shreya.Shreya next saw Gaurav start the bike and zoom away with the girl. Shreya and her father Kapil immediately lodged a complaint with Sitabuldi police station. Police said Gaurav wanted to dispose of the phone but the girl found it so fascinating that she insisted on using it for a few days. Though she changed the SIM, the police could trace her with the help of IMEI number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076045", "title": "Chidambaram bats for separate investigation, prosecution wing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Endorsing the recommendation of various committees on speedy delivery of justice, home minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday pitched for separation of investigation and prosecution from 'law and order' wing of state police by amending the existing criminal justice system.Addressing a meeting of his ministry's consultative committee, Chidambaram said expeditious trial of cases had to be ensured by making necessary changes in procedure and a proposal to this effect was sent to state governments for their approval.\"States must create a separate investigation cadre. Separate prosecution cadre is also required,\" he said at the meeting on 'Investigation, Prosecution and Trial'.The home minister said the Committee on Reforms of the Criminal Justice System, constituted under the chairmanship of Justice V Malimath, had considered various measures for revamping the criminal justice system. The committee gave recommendations on various aspects of criminal justice system including investigation, prosecution and the trial procedure in its report submitted in March 2003.Chidambaram said since criminal law and criminal procedure are on the 'Concurrent List' of the Seventh Schedule of the Constitution and are administered by state governments, any amendment to these would require consultation with states.\"In view of this, the report was forwarded to the state governments and Union Territories administrations to obtain their views or comments,\" he said.Stating that the Law Commission has been requested to give a report on the amendments required immediately, Chidambaram said the parliamentary standing committee on home affairs, while examining the Code of Criminal Procedure (Amendment) Bill, 2010, had recommended that there should be comprehensive review of the criminal justice system.Accordingly, the law ministry has been requested to urge the Law Commission to examine and give a comprehensive report covering all aspects of criminal law, so that comprehensive amendments could be made in various laws like IPC, CrPC and Evidence Act.\"It was also suggested that the Law Commission may take into account the recommendations made by Malimath Committee and other committees/commissions in this regard. The recommendations of the Law Commission in this regard are awaited,\" he said.During the discussion, the home minister said investigation had moved to technology-based evidence and new forensic tools were being used by other countries. \"We also need to move towards it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067169", "title": "Kulraj Randhawa to do a Telugu movie?", "text": "Actress Kulraj Randhawa ventured into the film industry with Punjabi movies and then progressed to Bollywood.Now she is again changing gears and intends to do films down South. The TV actress made her full fledged debut on big screen in 2006 with Punjabi film 'Mannat' opposite Jimmy Shergill , and later did a Hindi film 'Chintuji' (2009) alongside veteran actor Rishi Kapoor.The 28-year-old who played Bobby Deol's love interest in the successful, 'Yamla Pagla Deewana', now wants to try her luck in Tollywood.\"I had been receiving offers from South film industry since quite some time. But earlier nothing interested me much. There are couple of projects in pipeline.. I have offers from Hindi, Punjabi and South film industry,\" Kulraj told PTI in an interview.\"The offers are mostly for Telugu films and I should do a film this year,\" she said. \"It will be difficult and would take time for me to pick up the language but it would happen gradually. But then I would take up classes during the course of the film. At least for sometime I would see if someone can dub for me till the time I get the language right,\" she said.She would be seen next opposite Tusshar Kapoor in 'Char Din Ki Chandni' that releases on March 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12078690", "title": "Three remanded to judicial custody", "text": "KARNAL: A district court on Tuesday remanded a hospital co-owner and two more persons, including a patient, to the judicial custody.Upkar Charitable Hospital co-owner Rekha Rani, allegedly a quack, along with her staffer Balwinder were caught while they were performing an illegal medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) after a sex determination test on Suman, a resident of Pehowa block, during a raid conducted by a team of health officials on the hospital on the Sunday-Monday night.Rekha, Balwinder and Suman were booked and arrested under the provisions of the Pre Natal Determination Test Act by the office of the Karnala civil surgeon. Rekha's husband Jaiveer Singh continued to be elusive, an investigating officer said.Rekha, Balwinder and Suman were produced in the court of judicial magistrate first class (JMIC) on Tuesday afternoon who remanded them to judicial custody as the investigating officer informed that they were no more required for interrogation.\"As far Jaiveer is concerned, police parties are conducting raids on his possible hideouts. We shall arrest him soon. Further investigations are in progress as the health authorities have taken entire record and equipment of the hospital in their custody,'' the investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12078617", "title": "Sikh jatha readies for 'Jora Ghar Sewa' in Pak gurdwaras", "text": "AMRITSAR: Carrying with them boxes of shoe polish and brushes, members of Nankana Sahib Sikh Yatree Jatha are all ready to visit gurdwaras in Pakistan. This is one of its kind jatha that takes positions in Pakistan gurdwaras on various Sikh religious occasions, and had been doing the free shoe keeping and shining service for nearly 11 years.The members motivate Pakistani Sikhs to join the service and have also formed the Sewak Jatha Jora Ghar for it, and its headquarters are at Nankana Sahib in Pakistan.President of Nankana Sahib Sikh Yatree Jatha Swaran Singh told TOI on Tuesday that when he went to Pakistan on pilgrimage for the first time in 1990, he saw heaps of shoes and slippers lying unevenly outside gurdwaras and devotees arguing over their missing shoes.\"I and others decided to start the Jora Ghar service. We earmarked some area for the purpose, collected shoes and slippers from devotees visiting the gurdwaras, and gave them tokens made out of cardboard In return. We looked after the footwear till people came back to collect them.\"Swaran Singh's grandfather Thakur Singh had been performing the selfless shoe service at Nanakan Sahib before India-Pak partition and his father Hardyal Singh continued the tradition in India by starting the shoe service at Gandawalai Dharmsala in Tarn Taran district.Appreciating their unique service, Pakistan Evacuee Trust Property Board recommended Pak government to grant a quota of 500 devotees who could visit Pakistan on religious occasions under the aegis of Nankana Sahib Sikh Yatree Jatha. He said that earlier they used to carry along tokens made of aluminum to Pakistan every year but now got 50,000 cardboard tokens prepared.\"Aluminum token costs us Rs 4.50 and thousands often go missing, so we decided to replace them with cardboard tokens as we spend from our own pockets,\" he said. He said they take with them around 50kg shoe polish and around 150 brushes for the purpose.\"During our next visit on Baisakhi in April, we have decided to purchase Chinese shoe polish and brushes as they cost less in Pakistan,\" he said.Box: Significance of shoe service in SikhismShoe service (Jora Ghar Sewa) has its significance in Sikhism. Before entering a gurdwara, the worshippers remove their shoes which are collected, neatly placed and cleaned by those doing the shoe service, which is considered to be an act of humility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078620", "title": "Man held for employing missing minor", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nagpada police arrested a 52-year-old video parlour owner for employing a minor who was missing from his hometown in Uttar Pradesh since the last five months.The accused, Naseeruddin Shaikh, was arrested for wrongful restraint, unlawfully employing a minor and criminal intimidation . He was produced before the Mazgaon court and released on bail. Cops said the minor went missing in August last year from Uttar Pradesh. \"I looked for him everywhere, but in vain,\" the boy's mother told the Nagpada police . A missing complaint was registered with the UP police.\"On February 22, I received a call from one of my neighbours that my son was in Mumbai. I came to the city with my elder son. We are unfamiliar with areas in Mumbai and sought the help of local social workers and politicians ,\" the boy's mother told cops. She added, \"When we went to the video parlour, Shaikh did not allow us to take him back. He demanded that Rs 70,000 be paid to him before we take our son back. We then approached the police here.\" The police raided the video parlour and arrested Shaikh. \"We have to find out whether the boy was kidnapped or came to Mumbai on his own. Our probe is on. We have sent the child to the Dongri juvenile remand home,\" said an officer from the Nagpada police . Cops are questioning Shaikh regarding his demand for money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12076628", "title": "MMC gets till May 31 to clean up Sonsoddo", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa has given the Margao municipal council (MMC) an extension till May 31, 2012 to clear the accumulated waste at the Sonsoddo garbage dump.It further held that any further extension sought by MMC would be accompanied by penal costs and action under Contempt of Courts Act, 1971.The court passed the order on an application filed by MMC seeking extension of time to complete the construction of the landfill site at the garbage dump.Passing the order, the division bench of Justice S C Dharmadhikari and Justice U V Bakre observed, \"As sufficient time has already been granted earlier, the authorities must expedite the process.\"It further noted, \"Bearing in mind that before the impending rains the work (of clearing the garbage) has to be completed, we extend the time only till May 31, 2012. No further extension will be granted and any such application first shall be visited with penal costs and thereafter an action under the Contempt of Courts Act, 1971.\"The high court on June 24, 2009 had directed MMC to complete the work of constructing a landfill site at Sonsoddo by January 31, 2010. The petitioner, Goa Foundation, had thereafter filed a contempt petition before the high court for non-compliance by the MMC of the court's earlier orders. The MMC had thereafter filed the present application for extension of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12078668", "title": "Several accident cases pending in claim tribunals", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Motor Accident Claim Tribunals (MACTs) is feeling the pressure of the high number of pending cases. Till the end of 2011, the state's MACTs had registered over 30,000 cases, which are yet to be disposed.However, the state police are playing a major role in increasing the number of pending cases. \"The police play an important role in MACT cases. Under section 158(6), the registering authority or a police officer, who is to furnish the required information to the person eligible to claim compensation under section 160, shall furnish the accident information report within seven days from the date of receipt of the request and on payment of a fee of Rs 10. But, many such cases are being filed long after the accidents have taken place and this is only increasing the number of pending cases,\" Mrinmoy Dutta, an advocate said.Till July-August 2011, official records said the state's MACTs had 30,321 pending cases, with Kamrup district having the highest number of pending cases (11,184 cases) and Dhemaji having the lowest of 30 pending cases.Referring to a 2007 Supreme Court judgment, Dutta added, \"The Supreme Court asked the IGPs of all the states to do a periodical checking to ensure police role in MACT cases. The court ordered that in case of non-compliance, appropriate action shall be taken against the erring officials.\" He alleged that the state police have failed to comply with the order.As per section 158(6) of the Act, the concerned police officers are obliged to forward to the claim tribunal information about the death or injury of any person recorded in the police station. According to the provision, the police officers must also send a copy to the concerned insurer and the owner of the offending vehicle. The owner of the vehicle is obligated to forward the report to the claim tribunal and the insurer.\"Sometimes, illegal middlemen with the help of the local police file false MACT cases to claim money. These middlemen collect information about some people who died in other accidents and file a MACT case showing it as an accident case,\" Dutta alleged.A senior police official of the Assam Police headquarters said, \"It is a serious matter and we must keep a check on it. We will take this matter very seriously.\"According to a study, about four lakh new cases involving injury/death under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 are reported every year. The Supreme Court judgment of 2007 also asked the department of Transport and Highway to make periodical verifications to ensure that action is being taken and in case of any deviation, immediately bring the same to the notice of the concerned state government/union territories so that necessary action can be taken against the concerned officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12081346", "title": "Bollywood celebs to perform on the inaugural season of World Series Hockey", "text": "Bollywood celebs to perform on the inaugural season of World Series Hockey.The inaugural ceremony of World Series Hockey to be hosted in Chandigarh will create much hype as it is set to stage some spectacular performances by Bollywood celebrities.The inaugural season of Bridgestone World Series Hockey will create much hype as it is set to stage some spectacular performances by Saif Ali Khan, Neha Dupia and Mika Singh, among others. The Punjabi heartland is set to sway to the tunes of A R Rahman, as Harshdeep Kaur will belt out the chartbuster song 'Katiya Karoon' from the award winning movie 'Rockstar'. Manasi Scott will fire up the stage as she performs to 'Rock On' revealing the league captains from the different teams.The entertainment fever is set to soar further with a performance from Bollywood siren Neha Dupia, while Chandigarh will welcome its own Punjabi rockstar, Mika Singh, who has the maximum number of chartbusters to his name from Tu Mera Hero (Desi Boys) to Dhinka Chika (Ready). Bollywood actor Saif Ali Khan is all set to promote his upcoming film Agent Vinod at the opening ceremony. The Nawab of Pataudi is set to release a new song from the film in his new detective avatar along with a stunning performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "12077581", "title": "Blades of this temple have devotees on pins &amp; needles", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: Devotees who want to tonsure their heads at Suryanarayana temple at Arasavalli are facing a peculiar problem. This is because of non-supply of fine quality blades by the temple authorities. Devotees complained that the blades supplied to the temple barbers were substandard and because of which they were suffering bleeding injuries.Hundreds of devotees from not only the district but also from north coastal districts and neighbouring Orissa visit and offer prayers at the temple every day. They also tonsure their heads as part of redeeming their pledge. But the indifference of the temple management in supplying standard razors is putting the pilgrims in a spot of bother.The temple management collects Rs 10 from each devotee for tonsuring. Last year the temple earned revenue of Rs 11 lakh from this ritual performed by as many as 1.10 lakh people.\"The temple is getting good revenues through Kalyanakatta (where devotees shave off their hair) every year like this, but the services at this tonsuring point are not good,\" a devotee of Visakhapatnam, Molli Lakshmana Rao alleged. The temple authorities say that they have been purchasing the blades from a company on a wholesale basis. They procure the blades once for the entire year. But because of poor quality of the blades, the pilgrims end up with skin ruptures.After going through a bad experience, some pilgrims started bringing their own blades, a devotee, Ch R Sarma, says. The number of devotees visiting the temple swells to thousands on Sundays and auspicious occasions. The temple management says that they are spending Rs 50,000 per annum to buy blades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077849", "title": "BJP slams Centre's move on Telangana Development Council", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state BJP on Tuesday rejected the reported move of the Centre to constitute a Telangana Development Council saying that the party would not settle for anything less than the formation of a separate Telangana state.Addressing a press conference here on Tuesday, state BJP president G Kishan Reddy charged the Congress with trying to dilute the issue by indulging in announcement of steps like formation of Telangana Development Council. He demanded that the government should table the Telangana Bill in the ongoing budget session of the Assembly.\"People will not get fooled anymore by the futile tactics such as announcement of the T Development Council. The government must place the Telangana Bill in the Assembly and that is our demand,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12077548", "title": "Twenty-five sex workers rehabilitated", "text": "NASHIK: The Disha Mahila Bahu-uddeshiya Sanghatana, Nashik, has been successful in getting 116 ration cards issued to commercial sex workers who hardly had any identity proof till a few years back. The organization also conducts health check-up camps for the sex workers and provides condoms to them. Disha is registered with the charity commissioner since May 2010.Earlier known as Mukta, this project by the Pravara Medical Trust is funded by the Maharashtra state AIDS control society. The organization works with 800 women and has been able to issue ration cards, pan cards, voter IDs and Aadhar cards for them in a matter of a few years. These 800 women are residents of places spread across Sinnar, Manmad, Malegaon and Nashik. \"We conduct health check-up camps for the women, provide condoms to them, explain why it is necessary for them to use protection and provide anti-retroviral therapy (ART) drugs to the women who are HIV positive,\" said Disha project coordinator Asawari Deshpande, who has been associated with the organization since 2005. The organization also works with homosexuals and conducts various workshops for the health and security of sex workers.The Yeshwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) had also conducted a 15-day workshop on vocational training for the women. \"It is practically not possible to do away with sex work. People are under the impression that the sex trade goes on only in brothels, but it is much larger in scope in private places. People always point fingers at brothels. This is a very old trade and poverty and trafficking bring women into this profession. But we see to it that those below 18 years of age and those brought into the profession against their will get a chance to leave,\" she said. Peer educators, who are women who have been in this profession and are middle aged now, help with the work of the organization.Peer educator Lata Kapse (43) said, \"I came here from Ahmednagar 23 years back. Today I am conducting workshops, providing condoms to the sex workers, etc. Before this organization came into being, we were unaware about health issues and security.\"Another educator, Parveen Shaikh (45), said, \"Earlier, corporators never bothered to visit our lanes. Today, they visit and promise to solve our problems. Because of Disha, we are living with dignity.\" Radha Deshmukh (45) added that the community is no longer scared of hooligans and the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12075464", "title": "Girl drowned or trampled upon?", "text": "BANGALORE: Just how did a 12-year-old girl die in a Bidadi theme park while on a school picnic on Monday? More than 24 hours after the tragedy, police are still grappling with the question.Shabarin Taj allegedly drowned in a two-and-a-half-foot-deep pool at WonderLa, about 28km from here. Taj was among the 140 students taken on a picnic to the park by her school in RT Nagar, Matha English School.The girl's father, Mohammed Mustafa, a tempo driver from Rahmatnagar, near RT Nagar, alleged that his daughter died in the melee when 40 students rushed into the pool to grab 12-odd rubber floats and she was trampled upon by other children. \"How can my five-foot-tall daughter get drowned in two and a half feet water,\" he asked.A schoolmate of Taj, also a neighbour of the Mustafas, said the accident occurred at 1.30pm, not at 3.30pm as claimed by WonderLa. \"When a lifeguard noticed Shabarin drowning, he jumped in along with two others and got her out of the pool in 15 seconds. She was administered cardio-pulmonary resuscitation and oxygen. When her breathing and pulse were recorded as normal, she was rushed to the nearest hospital for further treatment,\" said WonderLa Holidays executive director Arun K Chittiappilly.Mustafa said Taj's schoolmates told him that no guard or schoolteacher was around. \"Children raised an alarm, and hearing it, teacher Selvi rushed to the spot and pulled the girl out,\" he said.Police said doctors at Rajarajeshwari Hospital said the girl was brought dead and that she was brought in an unidentified ambulance. Mustafa said no death certificate had been issued to him yet.A police swimming expert said: \"If anyone is rescued within 15 seconds of falling in water, he or she will never die.\" Dr Yashodadevi, a paediatrician, said, \"Children can survive even if they are under water for 3-5 minutes. Things get complicated if they're ill.\"The post-mortem report has not materialized. Samples from the girl's body have been sent to the Forensic Sciences Laboratory, Koramangala. Police sources said it will take a month to get the final post-mortem report. Bidadi police directed WonderLa officials to provide them CCTV footage of the accident site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12079853", "title": "Shahid plays Arya", "text": "The actor will reprise Arya's role in the Hindi remake of Vettai while Maddy will retain his partVettai is all set to be remade in Bollywood and the latest news is that Shahid Kapur has been confirmed for the role essayed by Arya in the Tamil original. The Bollywood star reportedly watched the film recently and was impressed with its narration and gave his go ahead for the Hindi version.It is also learnt from reliable sources that Madhavan will reprise his role in the Hindi remake as well. For the female leads, portrayed by Sameera Reddy and Amala Paul, the makers are apparently keen on roping in Deepika Padukone and Sonakshi Sinha. However, it looks like dates need to be worked out considering these two actresses are busy with other projects currently.An industry source reveals, \"Shahid is thrilled to be doing Arya's role in the Hindi remake of the film. The crew is likely to start shoot in April and they hope to wrap up the film in a few months. The makers will start shooting Shahid's portions first and then when Maddy is back from Australia, they'll can his portions.\"The Hindi remake will be directed by Lingusamy. This will mark the filmmaker's foray into Bollywood, after having delivered a number of commercial hits in Tamil. When we contacted Linguswamy, he refrained from commenting stating, \"We'll announce the entire star cast during the upcoming 50th day celebrations of Vettai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12077647", "title": "Miffed Chinese women invade men\u2019s toilets", "text": "BEIJING: China's 'Occupy Men's Toilet' protests to highlight inadequate lavatories for women in the country is gathering steam with a group of girl students using men's toilets in the capital.Styled on the lines 'Occupy Wall Street' protests in the US, the women protesters, mostly students, used men's toilets at Deshengmen on Monday to prevail on the authorities to improve sanitary facilities for ladies. Volunteers outside the toilet held banners demanding \"More conveniences for women , more gender equality\" and \"If you love her, don't let her wait in line\" , state run China Daily reported on Tuesday.\"It's more difficult for women to answer the call of nature than for men as there are insufficient public women's toilets and the time women spend in the toilet is two or three times more than that of men,\" organizer Li Tingting, 23, a university student from Beijing said. Wang Lailin, 20, a student from Zhengzhou, in Central China's Henan province felt the first flush of success after she used the men's toilet in Beijing.\"Women were waiting outside the ladies toilet for a long time and some were using the men's toilet. So I followed them. It was quicker and I saved time as I had a train to catch,\" she said. Li, who started the novel protests a few days ago, staged the first 'occupation' on Feb 19 at a public toilet in Guangzhou, which triggered a fierce debate.The urban management commission of Guangzhou immediately responded saying new women's toilet cubicles in city were required to cover an area at least 1.5 times that of a men's cubicle. Colleges in Guangzhou have already enlarged women cubicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12078286", "title": "Arunachal aid for rubber farmers", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh government has kept funds in the current financial year to help farmers in rubber plantation. \"Rs 71 lakh has been earmarked under the 13th Finance Commission for rubber plantation in three divisions of the state namely Banderdewa, Nampong and Pasighat forest divisions,\" an official said here on Tuesday.Arunachal Pradesh Forest Corporation Limited would be the implementing agency and would select the beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12078565", "title": "Ceasefire Monitoring Group meets NSCN(IM) to push peace plan", "text": "DIMAPUR: Maj Gen (Rtd) N George, chairman of Ceasefire Monitoring Group (CFMG), said on Monday that militant groups should look beyond recent incidents and start preparing to implement a solution that \"we are expecting will come about in the near future.\" Talking to TOI after a crucial CFMG meeting with the NSCN(IM) at Police Conference Hall in Chumukedima, Maj Gen George suggested that the youth, including NSCN cadres, need to be prepared to carry the solution forward for the good of the state and the Naga society as whole.\"There are many practical ways that have been talked about and we are hopeful that if all the groups recognize the requirements, the monitoring groups, with the Government of India's and NGOs assistance, will introduce measures allowing us to prepare the youth to carry the solution forward,\" he said, while disclosing about the suggestions he put forth to NSCN(IM) leaders.The CFMG chairman said it was his first meeting with the NSCN(IM) after he assumed office and the idea of the entire process was to establish trust between the chairman and all the group members and to facilitate a level of interaction where misunderstanding is minimized. He said that during the meeting, the NSCN(IM) raised issued relating to the Zunheboto incident, wherein the collective leadership, Th Muivah and Isak Chishi Swu, were prevented to attend a prayer meeting last month.\"What has been conveyed to them from my side is that all such planned political or prayer meetings or any such things, we, at the CFMG, will take it upon ourselves to facilitate it and not to impede it,\" he said. He added: \"With this kind of a condition, we are responsible to ensure that there is no disturbance in peace and harmony as far as the public is concerned.\" Maj Gen George also said that he has informed the NSCN(IM) that they will not be allowed to carry weapons or travel in huge conveys and the security of their leaders will be provide by the police as it is their responsibility and they are accountable for it.He also disclosed that the NSCN(IM) raised issues relating to certain incidents relating the Assam Rifles. He said each one had a point on what happened and why it happened and these issues were clarified and the meeting ended up with an advice that every one should recognize that Assam Rifles, police and administration have a certain role and responsibility to fulfill. \"As long as each one recognizes that they have a job and a role to perform towards society, to ask them to overlook their responsibility is unfair,\" he added.Vikeye Sumi, NSCN (IM) representative at the meeting, told TOI that the meeting discussed the visit of a collective team to Zunheboto and also made allegations of ceasefire violations. He added that the discussion ended on a positive note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12075968", "title": "Bandh: Tourists, labourers suffer", "text": "MANGALORE: The all India strike called by trade unions put tourists and labourers in trouble in the city on Tuesday. Mitsch Bauer from Germany arrived in the city along with his friends on Tuesday morning on their way to Goa. It was only on reaching the Mangalore Central railway station, Mitsch and his friends found out about the strike and the trio were forced to roam in the city to find a restaurant.\"We had no idea about the strike. It is very unfortunate that we could not find a good restaurant here,\" Mitsch told TOI. Migrant labourers were the other unlucky lot, who suffered due to the strike. Dozens of migrant labourers arrived from Maharashtra and Northern parts of Karnataka were stranded at the Central railway station as there were no connection buses to take them to their destinations. Mansoor Ali, a coolie labourer from Kholapur, wanted to go to Uppala along with other workers. \"We have no other option but to wait till tomorrow as there is no bus towards Uppala,\" Mansoor said.The strike also hit taxi and auto drivers at the Central railway station as the number of passengers was less compare to other days. Mohammed Bawa, a taxi driver at the Mangalore Central railway station, said that none of the drivers got trips till evening since trains were arriving with less number of passengers. \"I can feed my family and repay bank loans only if I get enough trips everyday. The government should understand the problems of poor people, who suffer during this type of strikes and ban trade unions and political parties from conducting strikes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078571", "title": "Touts give railways the \u2018slip\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Think twice before you buy a requisition slip from touts at Passenger Reservation System (PRS) counters where the token system is applicable . Central Railways (CR) has decided to tighten the noose around such touts, who promise travellers that they need not stand in long lines to get their tickets.Under the system, a person is allotted a token a day before he plans to reserve a ticket at the counters. A PRS slip, which has names of the passengers filled in, has to be produced at the counter. Thereafter , the slip is stamped and a token number is written on it.The next day, the passenger need not queue up, but can approach the counter as soon as his token number is called.Touts have found a way around this system. They buy PRS slips, on which they fill the names in with a \"Magic Pen\" . The slips are stamped and a token number assigned.The next day, touts approach potential customers, telling themthey can get a prestamped slip for anywhere between Rs 400 and Rs 2,000. The touts then hold a flame up to the slip, which makes the names, written with a \"Magic Pen\" , disappear. The customer can then fill in his/her name and approach the PRS counter when the token number on the slip is called.The tout's modus operandi was demonstrated at a press conference called by Subodh Jain, general manager, CR. Officials said that the \"Magic Pen\" was available in the market for a mere Rs 140.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12077597", "title": "Shiv Sena to wait and watch", "text": "NASHIK: With the Nashik Municipal Corporation throwing up a fragmented mandate and speculations doing the rounds of different combinations coming together to rule the city, the Shiv Sena has decided to adopt a wait and watch approach.\"No party has received a clear mandate in the elections to NMC and we are keeping watch on the movements by other parties,\" Nashik city chief of Shiv Sena Arjun Tile said.He said the local unit will decide on the future course of action after meeting Sena patriarch Bal Thackeray and executive president Uddhav.The newly-elected party corporators and local leaders were supposed to meet Bal Thackeray on Tuesday to decide on the future course of action, but put it off due to the general body meeting of the civic body.The date of the Mumbai visit of the party corporators has yet not been finalised.The Sena-BJP combine had been ruling the Nashik Municipal Corporation for the past decade but it was thrown out in the recently held civic polls. While Sena could manage to win only 19 seats as compared to 26 in the previous polls, its ally BJP retained its 14 seats.Unlike last time, the Sena and the BJP did not have a pre-poll alliance for Nashik and had fought the elections on its own.Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena emerged as the single largest party winning 40 seats in the 122-member house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12077950", "title": "Sleeping pills can lead to premature death", "text": "LONDON: Taking sleeping pills frequently can increase the risk of premature death more than fivefold , a new study has warned.The study, published in the British Medical Journal Open, found that patients who even take fewer than 18 pills a year are more likely to die early than those not on medication.The higher the dose, the greater the risk. And those on higher doses also have an increased risk of cancer , said the researchers at the Jackson Hole Centre for Preventive Medicine in Wyoming and the Scripps Clinic Viterbi Family Sleep Centre in California.The commonly prescribed drugs that may raise such risks included benzodiazepines, newer sedative hypnotics zolpidem, zopiclone and zaleplon, and barbiturates and antihistamines.However, experts said worried patients should not stop taking the pills but talk to their doctors first, the Daily Mail reported.For their study, the US researchers compared over 10,500 patients taking sleeping pills with 23,500 people who were not on the drug. After taking into account pre-existing illnesses of the participants , they found that those prescribed sleeping pills were 4.6 times more likely to die during a two-and-a-half-year period compared to those not on the drugs.Those taking the lowest doses - four to 18 pills a year - were found to have a 3.6 times higher risk of dying early than non-users , while those taking 18 to 132 pills a year had a 4.4 times higher risk and those on more than 132 pills a year were 5.3 times more likely to die.Those taking the highest doses each year accounted for 93% of prescriptions in the study and this group was also 35% more likely to develop a major cancer.The effects were greatest among the age group of 18 to 55 years, although the reasons are not clear, concluding cognitive behaviour therapy may be more successful and \"short-term use of hypnotics\" should be reconsidered. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12076257", "title": "Thieves burgle houses at Aquem, Dongrim", "text": "MARGAO: In two separate incidents, unidentified culprits broke into residential houses-one at Aquem, Margao and the other at Dongrim, Navelim-and decamped with gold ornaments and valuables. In the first case, the thieves broke open the iron grill door and stole goods worth 2.5 lakh, while in the second case, thieves decamped with goods worth nearly 4 lakh. The Margao town police have registered a case against unknown accused and investigations are under way. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078576", "title": "2008 blasts trial yet to resume", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Eight months have passed since the Supreme Court lifted the stay on trial of the 2008 serial blasts case. But, the trial has yet not progressed an inch further.Moreover, the special judge appointed to conduct the trial, V P Patel was transferred last week. He was designated to conduct the trial after the SC order paved the way for the trial in this case. Officials in the high court said that after transfer of special judge, the principal sessions judge has temporarily given charge of this case to another sessions judge.On February 15, 2010, special judge Bela Trivedi had framed charges against 65 accused persons. It was the same day on which the apex court had stayed trial in this case. The stay was vacated on July 6, 2011. The court was to frame charges against three more accused persons, who were arrested in the meantime.However, till date, the process of recording evidence has not started. Now, that the court is at the stage of framing charges against three others who were arraigned in the case later, the prosecution lawyers insist on altering charges against those 64 persons who were charged two years ago.The status of this case is having a ripple effect. Since, restriction on movements of blast accused imposed by the state government by invocation of provisions of section 268 of CrPC is also causing delay in proceedings in other cases pending before the accused outside Gujarat.Accused from 11 different states have been arrested in this case. Most of those arrested are also facing trials in different cases in courts outside the state. Trial in some of these cases outside the state began only after the Gujarat government assured the apex court that invocation of section 268 would not come in the way of trial against accused in other states.Currently, many of such accused lodged in the Sabarmati central jail are being tried through video conferencing in courts of Karnataka, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh. Some of the accused persons including Sainuddin alias Abdul Sattar (58) have been taken to Karnataka for trial in connection with the Bangalore serial blasts, which took place a day before terror struck Ahmedabad.On July 26, 2008, 57 persons were killed in Ahmedabad when 20 blasts were triggered in the city, allegedly by the Indian Mujahideen (IM). On the next day, 26 bombs were found in Surat along with a car laden with explosives. Nearly 30 accused are still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12076168", "title": "High Court upholds lifer against naval officer for murder", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa has upheld the sentence of life imprisonment imposed by a trial court against a naval officer, A Jayakumar, for the murder of a 28-year-old woman at Chicalim in 2007.The judgement was pronounced through the video conferencing facility in the Bombay high court by a division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice Sondurbaldota.Jayakumar had filed an appeal before the high court challenging the order of the trial court, which held guilty for the murder of Rajalaxmi, a native of Chennai. On December 4, 2007, Jayakumar, an aircraft mechanical officer of the Indian Navy, allegedly strangulated Rajalaxmi to death. The murder came to light, when Jayakumar tried to dispose the body. Autopsy reports had disclosed that Rajalaxmi was eight weeks pregnant at the time of her death and had died due to asphyxia.Jayakumar was convicted by the trial court under Section 302 (murder) and Section 201 (destroying evidence) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076551", "title": "Self-financed schools bill may be put on fast track", "text": "MUMBAI: Keen to open a window for setting up of private schools in the state, the government has decided to hotfoot the much debated self-financed schools bill. The bill, which aims to give private organizations permission to start schools on a self-financed basis, is expected to be tabled in the next meeting of the state cabinet.The school education department is keen to introduce the bill during the budget session of the state assembly. On Tuesday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan presided over a meeting to discuss the related policy framework.The bill will lay down norms regarding infrastructure, education quality and other rules and regulations that such schools will have to follow. Institutions running such schools will not get any grants from the government. The state is hoping that the proposed new provision will help it achieve its goal of setting up a school in each and every area of the state.The need to formulate such an act also arose from the fact that private organizations have tended to seek grants from the state government after agreeing not to avail of grants initially.In another development, Chavan held discussions with representative IT major Infosys. The firm has plans to set up another IT project in MIHAN in Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077737", "title": "Move to uproot corrupt civic staff", "text": "HYDERABAD: Realizing that the 'no transfer' policy for lower-rung employees has spawned a flourishing nexus between them and house owners in undervaluation of properties in the 158 municipalities in the state, the government has decided to amend the municipal administration Act and allow for intra-zone transfers.At present, employees below the rank of commissioner cannot be transferred from his or her place of posting. This has resulted in a massive under assessment or non assessment of property tax, an arrangement that is beneficial both to the municipal staff and the house owners, but dents state revenue.The amendment is being proposed to break the nexus of officials with house owners.\"Because of the nexus between the unscrupulous civic officials and owners, the state is incurring a huge revenue loss.In order to clean up the administration, it has been decided to amend the Act and transfer all the longstanding employees below the rank of commissioner,\" sources in the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) said. Once the amendment is effected, employees would be transferred either within the district or the zone.The move to amend the relevant Act was followed by a study of the revenue realization from sources like buildings, professions tax, vacant land tax and advertisements, the sources added.\"The government found that all these are either grossly under assessed or not at all assessed. About 40 per cent of the buildings throughout the state fall under the category.Owners first apply for ground floor or plus one and later they raise two or three floors with the connivance of the officials and evade the tax,\" the sources said.According to sources, the other important step to streamline the tax assessment in the municipalities is to have its own municipal accounts service. Towards that end, the AP Public Service Commission (APPSC) has initiated the process of recruiting the employees for the municipal accounts service.Stating that the state is expecting to see a huge jump in the revenues after these steps are implemented, the sources said, \"our ultimate objective is to ensure that there is no hike in the property tax in the future, and added that a drive was on to identify the structures that have illegal floors and the owners who are evading the property tax.\"We are also studying the option of taking penal action against the officials who allowed illegal floors in the municipal areas. It is not our intention to penalize only the property owners. The officials responsible for the omission will also brought to book,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12077289", "title": "Tribunal accepts IAS officer\u2019s plea on retirement benefits, disbursement soon", "text": "CHENNAI: Senior IAS officer Ashok Vardhan Shetty's petition seeking his voluntary retirement benefits be granted has been allowed by the Central Administrative Tribunal. A bench of G Shanthappa, judicial member and O P Sosamma, administrative member, passed orders and directed the state government to disburse the benefits within three months.In his petition, Shetty said his notice to proceed on a voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) was rejected by the chief secretary, public department, in December 2011, with the latter saying there was an inquiry pending against Shetty.Due to \"certain pressing personal reasons\", he submitted his VRS notice on September 8, 2011 under Rule 16 (2) of the All India Services (Death-cum-Retirement Benefits) Rules, 1958.According to this rule, a member of the service may retire when he completes 30 years or attains 50 years of age, provided at least three months notice is given. A notice under this rule does not require acceptance by state or Centre, he said. His notice was rejected under the Rule 16(2)(a), which requires acceptance by the Centre. Moreover, the chief secretary ordered a preliminary inquiry against him by the DVAC seven days before his notice period was due to expire in December 9, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12078211", "title": "Future engineersa innovation wins", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College bagged 7th position nationwide and 1st in north India at BAJA-12, an auto-technology even organized by Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE), India, at Indore.The 22 students participated for the 3rd time in this event under the team nameSilent Meshers.Sharing the experience, team captain Ashish Malik, a student of final year, mechanical, who had helped in manufacturing and designing the vehicle said, BAJA-12 was a nice experience as we passed three tough rounds before touching victory. I, along with 22 members, had put best efforts and I am happy that we could achieve a good rank.\"Karan Rajput, a student and resident of Ghumar Mandi said, \"We all have got placements in big companies. But, whenever we participate in such events, it gives us a good exposure and a chance to see how big companies would respond to our innovation.\"Karan Rajput, a student and resident of Ghumar Mandi said the competition is getting tougher each year and every time it is a different experience for them. It was a four-day event in Indore that started on February 16 and the results were declared on Monday evening.Another student and resident of Dugri, Jasdeep Singh said, \"Out of the 100 top competitors, we were ranked 7th, which was an improvement from last year when we were ranked 9th. During one round, nut of a car had got damaged and we fixed it in the racing event. It was quite adventurous.\"The only female member of this group, a student of mechanical engineering who had helped in designing and painting of a car, Yogita said, \"I had participated for the first time, so it was a new experience for me. It was only with the support of the team members that we could achieve this rank.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12075602", "title": "Eager to celebrate once-in-4-yr birthday", "text": "MYSORE: These students in Mysore, who were born on leap day, are planning big to celebrate their special day which comes once in four years. MBA student Suraj Chandra B R (born in 1988), and BBM students Ashish Jain (1992) and Syed Faiz Ahmed (1992) are eager to celebrate their \"sixth and fifth birthdays in leap years\", respectively.Syed Faiz Ahmed, 20, an NRI, says he celebrated his previous birthday in Oman, where his parents live. This season, he is her because of education, pursuing second year BBM at St Philomena's College here. Faiz is planning an outing with some friends on the day. \"It's a special day for me and I want to celebrate it in a grand manner. After all, it comes only once in four years,\" he explained.Suraj, a student of Bahadur Institute of Management Science, considers him as lucky to be born on a leap day. Also, he has no regrets either that he has to celebrate birthday once in four years. He plans to start the day visiting a temple before spending time with near and dear ones. Ashish Jain, a student of Marimallappa College, wants to do charity which his family has been doing for many years, and also during his birthdays.No demand for c-sectionA check in some of the hospitals here revealed that there is no demand by expecting mothers or their families for elective C-section to deliver the baby on February 29. Dr S Poornima, a consulting obstetrician and gynaecologist, told TOI that so far they haven't got any request, but there are deliveries scheduled around the special day. \"We can't say anything now because they may get emergency case,\" she said.Devika, an in-house doctor, also said that so far no one in their hospital has placed such a demand. Meanwhile, Cheluvamba Hospital medical superintendent Dr B Krishnamurthy said in government hospital, they won't encourage such choice but at the facility they conduct nearly three dozen deliveries every day. He, however, said advancing or postponing deliveries by 2-3 days may not affect babies or the mothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12078673", "title": "Cop \u2018leads\u2019 CPM office attack", "text": "KOLKATA: The ruling party's opposition to Tuesday's bandh turned into a full-blown political confrontation when a mob of Trinamool Congress activists led by a T-shirt clad Kolkata Police constable stormed a CPM office in south Kolkata. In the vandalism that followed , CPM workers and a couple of photojournalists trying to capture the hooliganism were brutally thrashed.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee , though, dismissed the incident as \"staged\" , drawing a scathing response from Left leaders. Former CPM minister Gautam Deb demanded an apology from the CM for the attack on the Ganguly Bagan premises that serves as former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee's main election office. The Left Front, which was buoyed by the \"success\" of the bandh, will bring out a protest rally in the area on Wednesday led by Bhattacharjee himself.The attack took place around 8.45am as two policeescorted CPM rallies winded their way through Raja S C Mullick Road. Around the same time, nearly 100 Trinamool activists made their way into the two-storeyed CPM zonal office near Ganguly Bagan East Road. Video footage showed Tarak - a constable at Metiabruz police station - at the head of the mob. He was wearing a green tee. A photojournalist filming the incident was threatened by Trinamool Congress supporter Indrani Saha. She was soon joined by others, including Tarak. As they rained kicks and punches on the hapless scribe, they spotted another TV cameraman filming them. He, too, was thrashed. Policemen in the area chose to turn a blind eye to the incident.Time To ActThree separate cases have been lodged - one on ransacking of CPM party office, the others for assault on journalists. Four Trinamool supporters named in FIR Police probing role of constable Tarak Das. Residents allege Tarak had unleashed a reign of terror in the neighbourhood. He often came to the locality drunk and brandished his service revolver to threaten people Cop's role under scannerTrinamool supporters like Manik Banik, Pulak Chowdhury, Babu Saha and Mrityunjay Mondal, who are visible in the video footage of the Gangulybagan attack, were named in the FIR. DCP (south suburban division ) Biswaroop Ghosh said, \"Three cases have been lodged, one related to the ransacking of the party office, the others for the assault on journalists. Tarak Das' name has also come to our notice. We are verifying records. If true, appropriate action will be taken.\"Residents alleged Tarak often came to the locality drunk and went about intimidating people despite several complaints against him at Patuli police station.The mob allegedly made an \"unprovoked attack\" on the zonal office at a time when only a handful of party supporters were present there. \"We noticed some Trinamool supporters moving around our office. So we closed the main door to avoid any untoward situation,\" said Shukla Chowdhury, a CPM supporter. \"We opened the door after some policemen knocked. The Trinamool workers barged in and started throwing things around. They were looking for Rabi Kundu. When we tried to restrain them, they started assaulting us,\" said Mousumi Nag, another CPM worker.CPM leaders demanded an apology from the chief minister . \"The way the Kalighat office (Mamata Banerjee's office at her house) cannot be attacked , the same way, attacking this office means a challenge to the highest leadership of our party. This just won't do,\" said Gautam Deb, a CPM central committee member.Senior CPM leader Rabin Deb alleged the attack was a natural consequence of the manner in which the CM had been making \"provocative statements\" against the media. \"In protest, we will organise a massive rally at 6pm from Jadavpur 8B bus stand, led by senior Left leaders, including Bhattacharjee,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076346", "title": "Governor race hots up, all eyes on UP Raj Bhavan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA government is to shortly appoint a new set of governors, with interest focused on whether B L Joshi continues in Lucknow Raj Bhawan after mid-April when his term ends.According to sources in the home ministry, the exercise to fill vacancies in the Raj Bhawans in Rajasthan, Kerala and Goa is already underway, with the probables shortlisted.However, the interest in who gets picked up pales before the simmering speculation over whether incumbent Joshi continues in Lucknow Raj Bhawan. The issue of UP governorship has taken on importance because of indications that no party is headed to score an outright win in the assembly polls and that the state may have to be put under central rule.A school in Congress advocates a tie-up with Samajwadi Party which is widely perceived to be the frontrunner, but is not expected to reach the magic figure in the 403-strong UP assembly. An arrangement with SP will also bolster Congress's numerical cushion in the Lok Sabha which remains vulnerable to the increasingly assertive ways of restive ally, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee.A rival viewpoint holds that a tie-up with SP will be at the cost of Rahul Gandhi's plan to promote Congress's distinct plank. Those counseling the \"no truck\" approach also feel that the Centre can enhance the appeal of its development-based plank by energetically launching new schemes and implementing existing ones through the agency of the governor who during President's rule gets to lord over the administration.A retired cop, Joshi enjoys the trust of the Gandhis since the 1960s when he looked after the security of first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru. But as his retirement approaches, the Congress has to decide whether he is suited to the task for being the all-powerful \"Lat Saheb\".The governor's role will be crucial in protecting Congress's interests even if those advocating a deal with SP prevail, if for the sake of stability at the Centre.Joshi took up governorship of Meghalaya in April 2007 but was moved to Uttarakhand a few months later. In July 2009, he moved to Lucknow. While Goa, Kerala and Rajasthan are under 'additional charge' of neighbouring governors of Maharashtra, Karnataka and Punjab respectively, the governor of Andhra Pradesh - E S L Narasimhan - is carrying on beyond his five-year tenure till further orders about his extension or replacement.Kerala was put under Karnataka governor H R Bhardwaj due to the death of M O H Farook in January. Similarly, Rajasthan has been under additional charge of Punjab governor Shivraj Patil due to the demise of Prabha Rau. Goa has been under additional charge of Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayan since August 2011.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai/nashik", "code": "12077596", "title": "BJP rules out support to MNS", "text": "MUMBAI/NASHIK: The BJP has ruled out support to Raj Thackeray-led MNS to wrest control of the Nashik Municipal Corporation.The party also said it was not open to supporting the NCP for the corporation mayor's post.\"The question of lending or taking support of NCP or MNS in Nashik does not arise. There are many ways in democracy to stake claim...by taking support of independent candidates. You will get to see a similar surprise in Nashik,\" party state president Sudhir Mungantiwar was quoted by PTI as saying in Mumbai.He made the statement after meeting Shiv Sena patriarch Bal Thackeray and executive president Uddhav. There were reports doing the rounds that BJP was inclined to go with MNS to hold on to power.Meanwhile, local unit leaders in Nashik said they will abide by the state body's decision. \"It was in August 2011 that the party had taken a stand to allow its local units to decide whether to contest the elections to the local self governing bodies solo or to go with a pre-poll alliance. However, the post-poll alliance possibilities have not been decided,\" Nashik city unit president Lakshman Savji said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12076907", "title": "Lawyers' licences suspended", "text": "KANPUR: The disciplinary committee of the Bar Council of India ( BCI) had suspended the licence of lawyers AC Kapoor and Ram Narayan Tiwari for three months for professional misconduct on a complaint of by a litigant Kusum Sharma.The disciplinary committee also imposed a fine of Rs 15,000 on them.Kusum Sharma was involved in civil litigation with Prabhu Dayal Sharma regarding some property dispute. Two cases were pending in two courts of Kanpur. In one case, AC Kapoor was the defence lawyer .Kusum alleged that despite having knowledge that the court had restrained the parties from selling or transfer of property, Kapoor purchased the disputed property through a registered deed. The act amounts to misconduct and under the preview of Section 35 of Advocates Act.Ram Narayan Tiwari had prepared the sale deed and helped Kapoor to purchase the property, she alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077689", "title": "Crocodile caught in canal at Khadakwasla", "text": "PUNE: A crocodile was captured from the Mutha right bank canal at Khadakwasla by officials of the forest department and the Rajiv Gandhi zoological park, Katraj, on Tuesday evening.The adult crocodile has been kept at Katraj zoo and will be released in its natural habitat at the Chandoli reservoir in Kolhapur district,\" said R S Kadam, deputy conservator of forest (wildlife).Officials of the irrigation department had on Monday contacted the forest department and updated them about complaints they received after the crocodile was spotted in the Khadakwasla waters. Villagers who stay close to the dam had reported the matter to the irrigation department.\"We have been getting complaints for a year or so now,\" said Kadam. \"We had to get permission from the principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) Wildlife, which allows us to catch the crocodile, since the reptile is a Schedule I animal under the Wildlife Act. Permission was granted in September last year,\" he added. \"We had to wait for the water in the reservoir to recede. Some of the water of the canal was drained out and finally we caught it today, using nets,\" Kadam said.He said that Katraj zoo had undertaken breeding of crocodiles, which had been released into the dam waters in 2008. When asked if there were plans to capture more crocodiles, he said that if more crocodiles were spotted, the task would be undertaken.Katraj zoo officials confirmed that they had helped in capturing the crocodile and that it was now at the zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12078029", "title": "Promises made, where\u2019s the money?", "text": "PANAJI: It could cost Goa dearly, but political parties offering freebies appear to have not bothered about the financial implications of the manifesto promises they have made. In a generous mood they have offered people direct largesse that will actually have to be raked into government coffers through other means, possibly indirect taxes, say economists.Cheaper petrol may lead to burning fuel unnecessarily, free power and water to schedule castes and weaker sections may lead to wastage, doles to the unemployed and housewives money to spend. The perks may garner political parties a few more votes but whoever comes to power may end up creating an additional burden of 1,000 crore per annum to the exchequer, sources said.\"If the promises are fulfilled, it will definitely create a huge financial burden,\" a source said.Agreeing to this, legal and economic affairs commentator Prabhakar Timble said, \"The state will have to mop up additional revenue through optimum exploitation of the existing indirect tax structure.\"He pointed out that there is substantial revenue leakage which can be plugged to ring in better fiscal management. \"There is a lot of revenue seepage in state excise and sales tax and I don't think we have tapped more than 50 to 55% of it,\" Timble said.Concurring with Timble, a source stressed that there is tremendous scope in increasing revenue collection and plugging the leakage and pilferage through better financial management. \"If the goodies are offered, then there should be financial management, but the experience of last four to five elections shows that poll promises and even the budget remains only on paper,\" the source said.Another source pointed out that if power is subsidized, it may be the beginning of the collapse of yet another sector. \"Goa's electricity department is the only one in the country, which generates a surplus and makes a profit,\" the source said. In other states, there is a huge subsidy component due to schemes of free power and water.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080824", "title": "Karthika to play an ultra-glam chic in Dammu", "text": "The actress is thrilled about the fact that she is being directed by Bharatiraja, who introduced her mother, actress Radha, to K'wood years ago. \"After doing a glamourous role in Ko, Annakodi is like a total volte face. Though, Bharathiraja didn't cast me because I'm Radha's daughter. We did a look test before I finally became a part of the film,\" she explains.\"Films with a rural background have been the in-thing in the South for a while now. But Bharathiraja has always been the master of the genre. AK will surely bear his inimitable trademark.\"Tollywood director Boyapati Srinu's Dammu has her romancing Junior NTR. The mega-budget flick, Karthika says, is a commercial potboiler with all the essential ingredients of a hit. There's more in store on the Kollywood front, claims the actress. \"I've been signed on for three Tamil films; but I am not allowed to talk about them as of now,\" she says.B ill better at the moment than actress Karthika Nair does. While she plays a rustic village belle in Kollywood film director Bharathiraja's comeback flick Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum (AK), Karthika will play an ultra-glam chic in the Telugu flick Dammu, both of which she's shooting for almost simultaneously. \"It's challenging to be working on two films that have me playing roles that are so different from each other. Only a few lucky actors have such good fortune in their career,\" says the actress from the location of AK, in Theni. \"I play four stages in Annakodi's life - her childhood, teenage, youth and old age, so that's a litmus test of sorts,\" says Karthika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12078413", "title": "Trade Union members, traders clash", "text": "PATNA: Bihar State Non-Gazetted Employees Federation (Gope faction) members and shopkeepers clashed here on Tuesday near Patna Junction during the 24-hour nationwide strike called by central trade unions.As the federation members moved towards Patna Junction after staging a demonstration at the Dak Bungalow roundabout, they forcibly tried to shut down shops located at the Chandni Chowk market. As shopkeepers resisted the move , a scuffle ensued, in which one federation member sustained head injury. This infuriated the federation members who indulged in stone pelting and shattered the glass panes of a shop. The police soon reached the spot and controlled the situation.Banking services remained crippled in the state capital along with different parts of the state. All the offices of gramin banks also remain closed due to the strike. Gramin bank employees also organized rallies and demonstrations across the state demanding formation of National Rural Bank of India and introduction of pension scheme at par with sponsor banks.Bank Employees' Federation, Bihar also participated in the strike on the call of its national unit, Bank Employees' Federation of India. Its main demands included withdrawal of Khandelwal committee report, withdrawal of outsourcing policy, updating of pension scheme in banking industry, appointment on compassionate ground, implementation of labour laws, stoppage of privatization of PSUs and social security scheme for unorganized sector workers. Employees of State Bank of India (SBI) and other banks associated with National Confederation of Bank Employees (NCBE) also participated in the strike.The functioning of private sector banks and foreign banks was also affected. Bankers' clearing house at Patna also could not function due to the strike.The employees of RBI, Nabard, Gramin Banks and Bihar State Co-operative Bank also participated in the strike. Various insurance employees' organizations also joined the industrial strike.The strike call was given by various central trade unions, including AITUC, AICCTU, CITU, BMS, INTUC, HMS, UTUC, TUCC, LPF and SEWA, in support of their 10-point charter of demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12076559", "title": "Strike hits transactions worth Rs 300cr", "text": "LUCKNOW: Financial transactions worth nearly Rs 2,500 crore were affected as employees of banks and various post offices across the state in association with central trade unions went on a strike on Tuesday. The protesting employees were demanding end to contract labour, amendment to Minimum Wages Act, increase the gratuity payout and compulsory registration of trade unions within 45 days. The employees also demanded compensatory service to a family member in case of death of an employee.In Lucknow alone, the transaction loss was estimated to be around Rs 300 crore.This includes the government as well as the business and industry transactions. Various post offices, including the general post office (GPO) in the state capital remained closed. This has not only affected postal services, but also payment of bills towards undertakings such as the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL), which have their counters at the GPO. Employees of BSNL too joined the strike.Some of the post offices were opened, but employees refused to work citing strike. In case of few others, gates were closed and no one was allowed to enter the premises. Rajbir Singh, a business executive dealing electronic goods said that the payments made towards the company were badly hit.The strike, however, did not have any impact on the crucial establishments like the Amausi airport. Authorities said that none of the employees were part of the striking associations. However, as a precautionary measure, authorities did inform about the situation of the district administration as well as the police.District president of National Confederation of Bank Employees' Federation (NCBEF), Tahir Ali, meanwhile, termed the strike \"successful\".\"The strike was peaceful and successful,\" he said, and added that except All India Bank Officers Association, all other seven unions were part of the strike. Ali also said that around Rs 400 crores remained suspended and could not be cleared at the Punjab National Bank (PNB).While officers of State Bank of India (SBI) remained at their seats, it was the class III employees who refrained from work.It was essentially the NCBEF, the umbrella association of all bank employees, which called the strike.Soon, other associations, backed by central trade unions like All India Trade Union Congress and Indian National Trade Union Congress, joined them.Agitating employees say that they have been raising their demands for the past two years.\"However, neither the management nor the ministry gave a heed to it. This forced us to go on a strike,\" Ali said. Employees were also peeved with the outsourcing mechanism, which they claim has hit the industry severely.\"At the same time our working conditions have deteriorated,\" said Alok Tewari a bank employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078536", "title": "Mahila police to keep an eye on erring doctors", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Now police complaints will be filed against doctors accused of illegal sex determination and female foeticide in the city. Ahmedabad police has designated the mahila police station as the nodal agency where all cases of violation of the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act will be registered.The step are being taken at the behest of the Ahmedabad district collector for strict implementation of the PCPNDT to save the girl child in the city. Collector Vijay Nehra said that FIRs will be lodged against any doctor accused of violating the PCPNDT Act and they will also face police interrogation.Earlier, violation cases were filed by appropriate authority, namely chief district health office and the case was referred to the court. Police involvement was sought only in cases of sting operations. Nehra said that the measure will help in better and strict implementation of the PCPNDT Act. The mahila police station has been chosen to be the nodal agency as crime concerning a girl foetus makes it a crime against women!The nodal agency would also ensure that the cases are handed by a single agency.\"A doctor who carries out a sonography of a pregnant woman but does not fill the mandatory form F will also be liable for a police complaint to be filed against him. This might be a small thing for doctors but it is a big violation if one looks at it from a legal perspective,\" says Nehra.It needs mention that Ahmedabad has the fifth lowest child sex ratio of 859 girls per 1,000 boys in the state, which is reeling under skewed sex ratio. There are 850-odd registered gynaecologists in Ahmedabad and all are required to submit all details of sonographies conducted by them by the 5th of every month. Health department officials said that conviction rate is slow with only four convictions of doctors accused of violating the Act in Gujarat. Over 230 machines have been sealed.Nehra said that conventionally the case against an erring doctor was filed by the CDHO and directly transferred to the court. \"This did not allow interrogation of the doctors, which is crucial to find their modus operandi,\" the collector said.Chetna Choudhary, inspector women police station said, \"The city crime branch has been appointed as nodal agency to enforce the PCPNDT Act. Citizens can register any complaints of sex determination of the foetus by calling 100 or contacting women police station for redressal.\"Activists hail proposed moveActivists working for the cause of girl child in the state have welcomed the move saying that police action would scare most doctors from indulging in any violation of the Act as being arrested by the police and further interrogation in police custody would be a huge cause of social embarrassment.\"This was needed as doctors, whose machines are sealed, are presented for hearing before the court. Police action would cause social embarrassment,\" says girl child expert Ila Vakharia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12078407", "title": "Stir hits banking, postal services", "text": "BHOPAL: A 24-hour nationwide strike of trade unions severely hit banking, postal and insurance services in Bhopal and Indore on Tuesday. The trade unions gave a call for the strike to press for their demands.Major banking industry unions, including All India Bank Employees' Association ( AIBEA) claimed that the strike paralyzed banking services in the state. Madhya Pradesh Bank Employees Association general secretary V K Sharma in Bhopal said, \"Around 40,000 employees owing allegiance to seven bank employees' federations held demonstrations in response to the strike.\"Sharma claimed that the banking services in all nationalized banks were affected and clearing houses could not function in the state due to strike.In Bhopal, striking employees organized rallies earlier in the day and later held a dharna at the Community Hall at T T Nagar and Ambedkar Hall. The state government offices were also affected, including services at the district collectorate as a section of the state government employees and officers union also extended support to the Central employees' unions.In Indore, banking services remained paralyzed as around 2,500 employees of national banks and a few from private banks went on strike.M K Shukla, convenor of United Forum of Bank Union, said work in 342 branches of banks out of 386 was hit. A procession was taken out by the employees of private banks like Karnataka Bank, Jammu Kashmir Bank, Federal Bank, Vysya Bank and other nationalized banks from Sheetla Mata Mandir via Bohra Bazaar, Sarafa Bazaar, which culminated near the SBI premises in Rajwada.The trade unions are demanding a national minimum wage, permanent jobs for 50 million contract labourers, more government efforts to rein in the rising cost of living, and an end to sale of stakes in profitable public companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12076396", "title": "Cop nabbed for demanding Rs 2L", "text": "THANE: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) arrested a constable and is looking out for another from the Kasa police station in Thane (rural) for demanding a Rs 2-lakh bribe from a rice trader for releasing his two illegally detained goods trucks.Sandeep Rajaram Kanoj (25) was caught for accepting Rs 1.65 lakh from Karjat trader Ashok Tupe, whose trucks loaded with rice bags were detained by Kanoj and Ka-mruddin Shaikh last Wednesday. ACB officials said the two detained the trucks near Charoti Naka as they were on their way to Gujarat. They insisted it was public distribution system rice being illegally driven out of the state. The cops had allegedly demanded Rs12 lakh initially to release the trucks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12077814", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal can't vote, draws flak", "text": "NEW DELHI: Angry protests forced Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal to postpone a scheduled trip to Goa and instead head back to an Indirapuram booth to vote. But when he reached the booth his name was missing from the electoral rolls.Kejriwal was to vote at a polling station in Indirapuram area but he left in the morning for Delhi, to catch a flight to Goa. But some people got wind of this and began protesting against his action. This prompted the probity campaigner to return to the polling booth. When he found his name was not on the voters' list, he said: \"I have a voter's identity card. My name was on the voters' list on earlier occasions,\" he said.Asked about him initially choosing not to vote, Kejriwal said Team Anna's programme in Goa was finalised a month ago. That at the time, they did not realise voting day and their campaign programme would clash.The afterthought invited criticism from the Congress with general secretary and Team Anna baiter Digvijay Singh wondering whether they believed in democracy or not. \"Great protectors of probity in public life. Anna (Hazare) doesn't go to vote. Kejriwal doesn't care to see if he is registered as a voter\", Singh said on the micro-blogging site Twitter.\"Obviously, Team Anna does not practice what it preaches! They should clarify whether they believe in democracy or not. If they do believe in democracy then what form of democracy?\" he asked.Kejriwal said he returned from the airport to vote because he felt guilty. \"When I was leaving for Goa, I felt guilty. After reaching there (the airport), I spoke with organisers in Goa who agreed to postpone two programmes,\" he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077547", "title": "Pune transport facility finishes last for poor services, hefty fares", "text": "PUNE: Our city has to face up to the hard reality that its public transport facility is at the bottom of the heap.A five-city survey conducted by Parisar, a city-based organization working for sustainable transport, showed that the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited's (PMPML) service falls woefully short of citizens' expectations in comparison with the bus services in Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Bangalore. The commuter-centric study was based on parameters such as quality of service, operational efficiency and finances.Parisar's study is based on data for 2009-10 using the state transport undertakings, a profile and performance, report from the Central Institute of Road Transport. In Mumbai the bus services are operated and managed by Bombay Electric Supply and Transport (BEST) undertaking. In Chennai, it is the Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC), while Bangalore has Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC), and Delhi's bus service provider is the Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC). All five are government-run entities.\"It is not news to most Puneites that the PMPML's services are poor. Now, there is evidence to show that it is among the worst-performing bus services in the country,\" Ashok Sreenivas, programme director of Parisar, said. The study showed better quality bus service in India is available even for publicly owned and managed bus utilities, he added.The parameters that made up the survey included regularity (percentage of operated km per planned km), bus network reach (bus stops per sq km), frequency (number of trips/number of routes), number of buses per lakh population, and breakdown rate (per 10,000 effective km), as well as average fare per kilometer.The PMPML's score is the lowest on all six parameters, and the fares are the highest among the five cities. Chennai's MTC scored the highest on three counts - regularity, breakdown rate and average fare. Bangalore's BMTC has a high score on network reach and number of buses per lakh population, while the BEST undertaking of Mumbai has a high score on frequency.\"The PMPML's performance is below average on all counts. Its services are unreliable as it has low regularity and high breakdown rates - more than twice the average break down rate for other cities. The utility has fewer buses, poorer frequency and fewer bus stops. Moreover, it also charges more than other cities. Chennai's MTC charges the least among these cities and also gets the best score for two other parameters. Clearly, something is seriously wrong with PMPML services and management,\" the study said.The operational efficiency of the bus transport utilities was measures on parameters such as average age of buses (years), fleet utilization (percentage of buses on road), bus utilization (km per bus per day), load factor (percentage of bus capacity occupied), and staff productivity.Parisar's analysis showed that PMPML's performance on most of the parameters is worse than the average. The PMPML is the worst performer in fleet utilisation and load factor categories. This explains its poor performance in the quality of service indicators. It also has a high breakdown rate and low regularity because its fleet is aging. A poor load factor indicates that routes and trips are not planned properly and fares are high. Low-fleet utilization decreases revenue while high staff to bus ratio increases costs,\" said the analysis.Financially, Bangalore's BMTC was the only profit- making body. The BEST and PMPML earn the highest revenue per km, but both also incur higher costs and hence end up making losses. PMPML earns the highest non-fare revenue -- advertisements, rent, grants per effective km (about Rs8), which is more than double the average earned by the other bus services compared. BEST and PMPML also have the highest cost per effective km.\"The study observed that making profits should not be the primary objective of a public bus service. The financial performance was measured as the profit - that is the difference between revenue and cost - per effective km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077604", "title": "Strike cripples banking in city", "text": "PUNE: The joint strike call by national level trade unions evoked a mixed response in the city on Tuesday as most sectors, barring banking and insurance, functioned normally during the day.Branches and offices of public sector banks and insurance companies remained closed or witnessed scant attendance as unions active in the sector enjoy a strong following from both employees and officers.Vishwas Utgi, general secretary of the Maharashtra State Bank Employees' Federation, told TOI that the strike mustered a 'thundering success' as public sector banking came to a standstill. \"There was no clearing of cheques or any cash transactions anywhere.\"Utgi said that the All India Bank Employees Association has been opposing banking sector reforms and outsourcing of perennial jobs, demanding settlement of the pension issue and its implementation for all bank employees. For bank officers, the All India Bank Officers' Association has been asking for regulated working hours, pay parity, stagnation-free pay scales, five-day working and standardisation of retirement benefits, he said.Bhartiya Mazdoor Sangh spokesperson Prakash Deshpande said that some bank branches were open as a few bank officers' organisations did not participate in the strike. As most of the staff was on strike, counter services, clearing of cheques and demand drafts, internal accounting and record-keeping procedures were affected, he said.Factories and other manufacturing facilities in and around the city functioned near normal. Large manufacturing bases such as Tata Motors or Bharat Forge did not face any impact of the strike call. \"The work in our factory went on as usual,\" said Jitendra Yerudkar of the human resources department of Bharat Forge Limited.Anant Sardeshmukh, executive director general of the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industry and Agriculture, said all industrial establishments functioned as usual. One company - Greaves' Limited - adjusted their weekly holiday to Tuesday, so there was no impact for them he said. The nationwide strike has not impacted production in the Pune region, he added.Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh general secretary Anna Dhumal said factories which hire workers on contract or have unions that are not affiliated to any national union did not see any participation in the strike by their employees. Many medium-scale and small-scale industries, where labour unions are nationally affiliated, were affected by the strike, Dhumal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12078275", "title": "Strike causes high drama at Trichy BHEL campus", "text": "TRICHY: As part of the nationwide strike against policies of the Central government, employees of banks and state and Central government sectors in Trichy district joined the protest, which affected routine activities and also led to fisticuffs between staff of the Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) and protesters here on Tuesday.In order to register their protest, members of 13 trade unions thronged the BHEL campus from Tuesday morning. They voiced their protests against the government, which they accused of adopting anti-employee policies.While the protest was going on, a group of 200 employees of the welders' association in BHEL tried to enter the complex to attend duty. On seeing them, the protesters got angry and argued with them. But the members refused to join the protest, which led to fisticuffs between both groups. Meanwhile, police rushed to the spot trying to pacify them. Eventually, those who came to work dispersed and the protest continued, said U Pakkirisamy, organising secretary of AITUC in BHEL, Trichy.He also said that of 10,000 employees of BHEL, very few, especially top officials, attended work. The rest stayed away. A press statement from BHEL said, \"Participative and non-participative unions of BHEL Trichy jointly served a notice to strike work on February 28, 2012 in connection with their demands such as measures to contain price rise, strict enforcement of labour laws and stoppage of disinvestment, as formulated jointly by the Central trade unions.\"\"The BHEL management has appealed to employees not to strike work as the issues being raised are largely those which have arisen due to policies adopted in the changing business and economic environment and are not really within the managerial control of BHEL,\" it added.Accepting the appeal, about 2,500 employees of BHEL turned up for work on Tuesday, it said.However, transportation was not completely affected by the strike. As all bank employees joined the strike, banking transactions came to a halt. Customers were allowed to withdraw a maximum of Rs 10,000 from ATMs. Also, bill payment counters in BSNL remained open, but with few staff.Some trade unions staged demonstrations at various places in and around Trichy. Police personnel were deployed in front of banks and government offices to ensure order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "samarlakota (east godavari)", "code": "12077522", "title": "Liquor trader ends life", "text": "SAMARLAKOTA (EAST GODAVARI): The implementation of MRP on liquor sales has brought cheer to consumers but not for a liquor trader who committed suicide by consuming pesticide following huge losses in the business.Medapati Gangireddy, 50, of Gollala Mamidada in Pedapudi mandal was found dead at Husainpuram on Tuesday. There were empty cool drink bottles and pesticide near the body. Gangireddy, a paddy merchant, took seven liquor shops in Pedapudi and Samarlakota mandals on lease eight months ago to earn huge money. But with the government implementing MRP strictly, his business suffered. He had invested lakhs of rupees on these shops, also debts were mounting in his paddy business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077616", "title": "NMC, CR survey for new RoB at Ajni", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and Central Railway (CR) have decided to conduct a joint survey for construction of a new railway over bridge (RoB) at Ajni.A joint meeting was held at the office of divisional railway manager Brijesh Dixit on Monday for this. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare and other officials were present.A press release by NMC said the existing RoB at Ajni will soon be reaching the end of its useful life. \"CR has proposed to construct a new RoB and asked for NMC's consent. Therefore, there would be a joint survey to take a decision,\" said NMC officials.On a request by Jaiswal to take immediate steps to expand railway crossing at Manish Nagar, Dixit promised to issue tenders as soon as possible. Meanwhile, CR has requested a separate water pipeline from Rajbhavan to railway station, on which NMC assured positive steps. Decisions were also taken regarding shifting of godown t Cotton Market, shops on west side of the station and other issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12081005", "title": "Sonam Kapoor gets sketched", "text": "Sonam Kapoor has joined the ranks of French First Lady Carla Bruni-Sarkozy, veteran designers Karl Lagerfeld and Jean Paul Gaultier, and rapper Kanye West , by being immortalised in an illustration done by renowned illustrator and writer Gladys Perint Palmer.The two met at the Elie Saab show during Paris Couture Week last month. This is the first time Palmer has sketched a Bollywood personality. A source says, \"They got talking after the show and Sonam told her how much she loves her work. In fact, Sonam has even saved a couple of her illustrations from fashion magazines and books. When Palmer asked if she would like a sketch of herself, Sonam was totally stumped.\"Adds Sonam, \"I've been a fan of her illustrations for a long time, so it's lovely when someone who does such fabulous illustrations does one of you.\" Palmer studied fashion design at Central Saint Martin's School of Art in London, followed by the Parsons School of Design in New York. Apart from her work as fashion illustrator and writer, Palmer is also the Executive Director of Fashion at San Francisco's Academy of Art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076218", "title": "Pakistani held, police suspect he helped spy", "text": "NEW DELHI: A suspected Pakistani spy was detained in a joint operation by the Kolkata and Delhi Police on Tuesday. The arrest comes days after another spy was nabbed near New Delhi Railway Station hours before he was to board a Kolkata-bound train.Though he has been detained under Foreigner's Act for illegal stay in India, police believe the Pakistani national may have provided logistical support to Kamran Akbar, the Pak military intelligence agent arrested last week. Police said they are investigating whether the detainee had access to an Army officer at the Eastern Command headquarters in Kolkata.The defence ministry has asked the home ministry to tell Delhi Police to send them a report and probe lapses by junior-rung Army officers. The crime branch, however, has denied any such report is being prepared.A police team has left for Kolkata to question the Pakistani national. \"We have information he was close to Kamran and provided him accommodation when he came out of jail. He also arranged Kamran's marriage with a girl from Kolkata's suburbs so that he can pass himself as an Indian,'' said a cop. DCP (crime) Ashok Chand and additional DCP Ravi Shankar said the detention was made on behalf of Kolkata STF.Kamran, who was staying in Kolkata since 1992 was nabbed on February 13 from Chelmsford Road near New Delhi Railway Station. \"His cellphone details are being examined. Other teams have been sent to Kolkata and Sikar as there is a possibility of moles in the Indian military agency,\" said Chand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12075674", "title": "\u2018Woman consuming formalin was accident\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: District minister S A Ramdas, quoting an investigation report, on Tuesday said the death of a woman at Cheluvamba Hospital last week was accident.The investigation by Bangalore Medical College and Research Institute, led by Dr A R Raghupathy, has revealed that that Rajeshwari consumed formalin stored in a water bottle at the labour ward by accident.Following her death, and another incident wherein Mangalamma (27) delivered a stillborn baby at a toilet, investigation was ordered into the incidents. The probe was initiated following protest by the women's family members, who alleged medical negligence on the part of hospital authorities.Speaking to reporters after visiting the hospital, Ramdas said: \"No one has given formalin to her (Rajeswari) intentionally, but some miscreants wanting to bring bad name to the hospital are misguiding the public. Now, Rajeshwari's family members have agreed that the incident happened accidently.\"Dr Ragupathy has mentioned in his report that on February 19 morning a nurse and an ayah were at work in the labour ward. They have conducted three D&C; and sent one D&C; sample for biopsy report. Prior to sending it, the duo has taken formalin solution from a huge bottle and poured some amount of formalin into a small one to use it on another patient.According to the report, the ayah and nurse, who were in hurry to attend to a delivery case, kept the bottle on a six-foot wall and left the ward. They had also labeled the bottle, the report added. Since doctors had advised Rajeshwari not to take anything, hospital staff had not provided even water. But when Rajeshwari asked another patient Geetha to give her water, the latter, unwittingly gave formalin kept in the small bottle, the report revealed.During the probe, 24 patients were undergoing treatment in labour ward, as against the actual capacity of seven patients.In Mangalamma's case, which happened on February 20, the report clearly stated that it's not the mistake of hospital authorities. It said when Mangalamma came to hospital, the doctors had informed her that the baby was dead. After being admitted there, she went to toilet in the night to attend nature's call. It is then that she delivered the stillborn baby. The minister said further action will be taken based on the report.Hospital will get 20 more bedsMYSORE: With the number of patients rising at Cheluvamba Hospital here, the government will increase 20 additional beds - 10 each to labour and general wards.Speaking to reporters here, medical education minister S A Ramdas, who is also in charge of the district, said the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) of the hospital has 10 incubators. \"Following demand, 10 more incubators costing Rs 1 crore will be installed in April,\" he added.To provide better medical services, hospitals in two taluks will be upgraded, the minister said. On getting clearance from the finance department , they will begin recruiting 400 staff nurses and 150 D-group staff for Cheluva mba and KR hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077642", "title": "Army jawan commits suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: An Indian Army jawan, who came to the city on leave, committed suicide by hanging himself at his wife's residence in Alwal on Tuesday.The jawan was identified as Victor Vimal Raj, 34, of Macha Bollarum. Vimal Raj, who was married to Vijaya Mary, was with the Indian Army and posted in Assam. Victor came to the city a few days ago on leave.On Monday, he had a quarrel with Vijaya over a family issue. Following the altercation, they slept in separate rooms.On Tuesday morning, Vijaya knocked on his room's door to wake him up. \"As there was no response for a long time, the family members broke the door open and found Victor hanging from the ceiling fan,'' Alwal inspector B Pushpan Kumar said.There was no suicide note and a suspicious death case was registered under section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12079728", "title": "Apple to launch iPad 3 on March 7", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc, the world's most valuable company, will hold a product event on March 7 in San Francisco , where it's said to be releasing the third generation of its best-selling iPad tablet computer.\"We have something you really have to see. And touch,\" Apple said today in an invitation, which features a picture of an iPad screen. The new device will sport a high-definition display, run a faster processor and work with speedier wireless networks, people familiar with the product said last month.After pioneering the tablet market two years ago, Apple is counting on the new model to beat back competition from newer devices running Google Inc's Android software. The company has sold more than 55 million iPads , generating at least $34.5 billion in revenue. Amazon.com Inc's Kindle Fire, which uses Android, emerged as the iPad's biggest rival over the holiday shopping season last year.Trudy Muller, a spokeswoman for Cupertino , California-based Apple, declined to comment beyond the information in the event invitation.Apple's manufacturing partners in Asia started ramping up production of the iPad 3 in January, said one of the people familiar with the matter, who asked not to be named because the details aren't public. The tablet will use a quad-core chip, an enhancement that lets users jump more quickly between applications, the people said.LTE networks The company has been working to make the iPad compatible with a wireless standard called long-term evolution, or LTE, one of the people said last month. Carriers such as Verizon Wireless and AT&T; Inc are rolling out LTE networks to give users faster access to data.Smartphone makers, including Samsung Electronics Co, Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc and Nokia Oyj, have already introduced smartphones that work on the faster networks. Apple is bringing LTE to the iPad before the iPhone because the tablet has a bigger battery and can better support the power requirements of the newer technology, one of the people said.The new Retina display is capable of greater resolution than the current iPad, with more pixels on its screen than some high-definition televisions, the person said. The pixels are small enough to make the images look like printed material, according to the person. Videos begin playing almost instantly because of the additional graphics processing, the person said.New high Apple shares were trading at $532.98 at 2:47 pm New York time, up 1.4 per cent, after earlier reaching a record high. The stock has climbed 31 per cent this year.The introduction of the new iPad will be Apple's first major hardware release since the death of co-founder Steve Jobs in October. With new features, Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook aims to give customers more reasons to stick with the iPad, even as rivals undercut it on price. While Apple's tablet starts at $499, the Kindle Fire costs $199.Amazon.com, the world's largest online retailer, surpassed Samsung as the No 2 seller of tablet computers last quarter, shipping 3.89 million units, according to research firm IHS Inc Apple, meanwhile, maintained its lead in the market, accounting for more than half of shipments.The company also may use the March event to unveil an updated Apple TV set-top box, which could stream higher- resolution video to consumers' televisions, according to Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray Cos in Minneapolis . Apple is planning to release a full television set as early as the December quarter, Munster said today in a report, reiterating an earlier prediction.The new iPad is being assembled by Apple's main manufacturing partner, Foxconn Technology Group . That company, which also builds the iPhone and other Apple products, gets about 22 per cent of its sales from Apple, according to supply- chain data compiled by Bloomberg .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12076170", "title": "Misunderstanding between Pranab, media on special status question: Shantaram", "text": "PANAJI: Congress got into damage control mode on Tuesday with Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik claiming the media did not ask Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee the right question on the demand for special status to Goa.\"Mukherjee answered the question in the context of special category, which is a separate demand of Goans under which by executive order, states are included in the list of 'special category' which entitles them to grants, additional funds, special schemes etc,\" Naik told mediapersons.\"Goa's key demand is for an amendment under Article 371 of the Constitution to empower the Goa assembly to enact a legislation to bring in restrictions on transfer of land and other immovable properties. Media did not ask a question on this aspect although it had this very issue on its mind, and the finance minister took it as a demand to include Goa in special category,\" he added.Asked why he did not state this in the presence of Mukherjee on Monday if he thought there was a misinterpretation by the media, Naik replied, \"He is a big leader... I did not want to say anything then.He added, \"I have been mentioning time and again that there is no provision for special status in the Constitution. What we are demanding for is special provisions under Article 371.\"Asked if the Congress government is pursuing the matter as it claimed and what the current status of the demand was, Naik replied, \"Right now, the situation in Parliament is such that even simple bills cannot be passed with a consensus. We will have to wait till the situation is fine to pass a bill for a constitutional amendment.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076372", "title": "HC to hear plea on e-meters today", "text": "MUMBAI: A petition filed by auto union leader Sharad Rao on e-meters will come up for hearing in the Bombay High Court on Wednesday.The government had issued a notification making e-meters mandatory.Rao is challenging the notification but consumer activists want to intervene in the petition or file a separate one. A meter manufacturer has also filed a plea. Rao said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will be made party to the petition. \"The CM has reneged on his promise to clear all our doubts on e-meters. Being in-charge of the transport portfolio, he should have brought out the notification on e-meters after taking us (union leaders) into confidence,'' he stated.Thampy Kurian, another union leader, will also file a plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12079667", "title": "US concerned over Pakistan diverting aid money for other purposes", "text": "WASHINGTON: US secretary of state Hillary Clinton and lawmakers has expressed concern over diversion of its aide money by Pakistan for other purposes, even as the United States has tried to build a fire wall in this regard.\"Well, we certainly have constructed one,\" Clinton told lawmakers at a Congressional hearing on Tuesday when Senator Jim Webb asked if the United States has developed a firewall in the financial aid going into Pakistan, so that they do not directly or indirectly assist in expansion of their nuclear programme.\"I think the fair question is: Even with a firewall, if you provide aid for other purposes, does that permit the government then to divert funds that should be spent for health, education, energy, etc to that programme? And it remains a serious concern of mine, Senator,\" Clinton said.She said that part of the ongoing dialogue with Pakistan is around the reforms they need to make for their own people, she said, adding that the latter over the years has invested a great deal in its military.\"They have invested the great bulk of their revenues into their military establishment, including their nuclear programme, to the great cost of providing basic education, health care, electricity -- the kinds of things that would demonstrate to the people of Pakistan they had a government that number one, cared about them; and number two, produced for them,\" she said.\"So I can answer the direct question: Yes, we have a firewall, but that isn't the end of the dialogue -- as you know very well. And we're going to keep pressing hard to make sure that, you know, the IMF and the World Bank and we and others are working toward the kind of reforms that are going to stabilise Pakistan for the long term,\" Clinton said.Meanwhile, Senator Webb said that the Obama administration has increased its financial aid to Pakistan in the fiscal 2013. Financial aid of USD 2.4 billion into the country actually reflects an increase in funding for its military as compared to last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12078200", "title": "Women teachers to be posted in home district", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Tuesday announced in the state assembly that the government would positively look into the issue of posting newly recruited 34,540 school teachers in the districts they reside or nearby district.He made this remark while intervening in the call attention motion moved by leader of Opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui who brought to the notice of the House that the government has posted newly recruited school teachers in far flung areas. He said that the teachers who reside in Bhabhua have been posted either in Kishanganj or Katihar and while those at Madhubani placed in Bhabhua district. It would create great hardship to women teachers and is also negation of human values.Minister for human resources P K Shahi said that the teachers have been posted on the basis of directives of the Supreme Court and denied that any lottery system was introduced. He said that as many as 1,422 teachers could not be posted in their own districts. The CM later intervened and assured the House that the case of women teachers would be taken up on priority basis.All the RJD members were on their toes after Shahi replied to the short notice question of BJP MLA Awanish Kumar Singh on Literacy India Mission scheme being carried out in Bihar. Initially, the HRD minister claimed in his written reply that the scheme is being implemented in three districts -- Begusara, Khagaria and Bhojpur -- to increase the literacy rate in the state. But when the MLA challenged that the minister was giving wrong information to the House, the latter maintained that he would look into the matter. Shahi said that the three-tier panchayats are empowered to carry out the scheme for which the Centre allocates fund directly to the panchayats which time to time is monitored by the State Literacy Mission Authority.Siddiqui demanded deferment of the question as he said that the HRD minister was not prepared on the matter and misleading the House.Move on fly ash: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said the government will promote industries which consume fly ash emanated from the thermal power plant of Kahalgaon and Barauni. Fly ash is used in producing pavement tiles, but now many cement factories have approached the government and expressed desire to use fly ash which has less carbon emission.He was replying to short notice question of Vinod Narain Jha of the BJP on issue of carbon emission from brick kilns and sought to know the efforts made by the government to control pollution in the state. Modi said power plants and motor vehicles emit most carbon in the air. Sadanand Singh (Cong) wanted to know what action government was taking against officials of the Pollution Control Board who do little to control pollution in the state.Earlier, Jyoti Rashmi (Ind) sat in the well of the House to protest the implication of her husband, former MLA Pradip Joshi, in a criminal case and demanded CBI probe into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12077710", "title": "Cardinal Alencherry to return on Friday", "text": "KOCHI: Cardinal Mar George Alencherry will return to Kochi on March 2, two weeks after his elevation to the College of Cardinals by Pope Benedict XVI , and the subsequent controversy that erupted over his statement on the Italian firing incident.The Syro-Malabar Church will accord him a reception on March 10 at St Mary's Basilica which will be attended by dignitaries from various church factions. At present, the cardinal is visiting Israel as part of an Indian delegation which includes Cardinal Oswald Gracias, president of the Catholic Bishops Conference of India, and secretary-general of the Federation of Asian Bishops Conferences, and Goan Archbishop Filipe Neri Ferrao.In Israel, the cardinal will meet Noaz Bar Nir, director-general, ministry of tourism, Israel, and the representatives of the Vatican. He will also hold a special mass in the Church of the Nations, Jerusalem.\"The church feels the small friction among Catholics caused by his controversial statement has been erased with his clarification,\" said Fr Stephen Alathara, deputy secretary-general and spokesperson of the Kerala Catholic Bishops Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12077900", "title": "Banks still slack about security", "text": "COIMBATORE: It looks like the city's gold shops, ATMs and banks are yet to learn their lessons from the burglary that took place in Tirupur last week where gold ornaments worth Rs 10 crore were stolen from a jewellery shop. Irrespective of the warnings issued by the police, they still lack security equipment and vigilant security guards. The situation is alarming especially in the background of two successive major bank robberies in Chennai.Soon after the Tirupur burglary, city police commissioner TP Sundaramurthy had convened a meeting of bankers and jewellery shop owners to discuss adequate security arrangements in the respective places. The security arrangements included quality security gadgets like CCTVs, burglar alarms, healthy and vigilant security guards. However, police officials have said that the banks and jewellery shop owners have paid little attention to the commissioners' directives.\"It is their responsibility to protect the money and valuables of people. Police have limitations in providing round the clock security to each and every financial firm. We will act tough if they do not take the directives seriously,'' the commissioner said.To curb burglary at night, police have warned banks against physically unfit security guards or those about 55 years. They have been told to recruit young, energetic, and healthy security guards who can handle guns. Police have advised banks to ensure that guards do not sleep inside the ATMs while on duty. However, when TOI visited several ATMs across the city, guards were found to be sleeping inside the ATMs. In addition, there were several banks which did not even have a security guard.Meanwhile, the city police have decided to conduct surprise checks at several jewellery shops on receiving complaints about their lackluster attitude in making adequate security arrangements.\"Not many youngsters are keen to become security guards because of the low pay. The ones who are ready to work as guards are either old with illness or retired persons. In order to attract the younger generation, the pay scale needs to improve,'' says Ravi Sam of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII). He further suggested installation of CCTVs not just inside the buildings but also at the premises.According to retired bank officer M Govinda Rao, police need to approach the Reserve Bank of India to force subordinate banks to install CCTVs and physically fit guards. \"Banks are reluctant to spend money on such essentials and only RBI can force them to act,'' he said. He also deplored the tendency of banks to not ensure iron grills around the cashier's chamber. Anyone can take money out of a cash counter in the present situation, he added.M Krishnan of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry also echoed the necessity of efficient protection of people's money. \"Banks are doing business using public money. It is their responsibility to enhance security,'' he said. \"Banks and jewellery shops enjoy insurance cover for their valuables. So they are not concerned about ensuring adequate security and leave the job to police,'' he remarked.Even as investigating officials search through about the whereabouts of burglars who looted gold ornaments worth Rs 10 crore from a jewellery shop in Tirupur last week, most of the gold shops, financial institutions, ATMs and banks in Coimbatore are still devoid of adequate security measures. Despite strict police warning, they lack quality security gadgets as well as healthy and energetic security guards. The situation is turning alarming in the background of two successive major bank robberies in Chennai.It was soon after the Tirupur incident; City Police Commissioner T P Sundaramurthy had convened a meeting of bankers and jewelry shop owners to remind them about the need to appoint physically fit security guards apart from installing cameras, burglary alarms and other security gadgets. However, police officials themselves conform that the bankers and shop owners have given scant regard for the directive of the commissioner.I have told them in unequivocal terms that it would be their responsibility to ensure proper protection to money and valuables of the people. The understaffed police have lot of limitations in providing round the clock security to each and every financial firm. We will act tough if they are not taking seriously the directive,'' the commissioner told TOI.As part of the efforts to avert burglary during nights, police have strictly warned banks against appointing physically unfit security guards above the age of 55 in ATMs and bank branches. They were told to recruit young, energetic and healthy security guards who can handle guns. Police also told banks not to allow the security guards to sleep inside the ATMs during nights. The guards have been advised to remain vigil during the nights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080671", "title": "Sanghamitra\u2019s Hindi debut is the story of three friend", "text": "She has already made a foray into Bengali films. But it's the desire to tread new grounds that made Sanghamitra Chaudhuri direct her first Hindi venture. Titled \"Strings Of Passion\", it tells the story of three friends, Amit, Manu and Neel essayed by Trishan, Girish and Shubh.Says the director, \"When in college, these three formed a band called Strings Of Passion, which later dispersed. Manu, who was the lyricist of the band, committed suicide in between. The friends meet after three years and relive their past. Zeenat, plays Manu's mother and she also chats up her son's friends, together they remember those days gone by.\"Rajesh Sharma plays Neel's dad, while Indrani Halder is his love interest Insia. \"As luck would have it Neel and Insiya find a connect because of their sad past and enter into a relationship,\" adds the filmmaker.Interestingly, Sidhu has done the playback for a band number in the film. \"This is probably Sidhu's first Hindi playback. In fact, when we were shooting this competition between two bands, Sidhu had come over. He was a great help to the unit and the entire shooting experience was a fun-filled one,\" Sanghamitra signs off.ROCKING AWAY: ShubhIN CONVERSATION: The actor with ZeenatTEAM SPIRIT: (Clockwise from left) Abhinandan, Sangita, Paru, Sanghamitra, Girish, Sidhu, Shubh and SauradipCROSS CONNECTION: Shubh, Rajesh and IndraniGETTING COSY: Trishan and SangitaON A RIDE: Girish and Paru", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077792", "title": "Flyover to unclog bottleneck", "text": "NAGPUR: Thousands of motorists may soon be freed from traffic snarls and kilometre-long lines of vehicles caught bumper-to-fender during peak hours at Tiruvanmiyur Junction every day. The government has asked the highways department to conduct a detailed project study for a flyover at the junction. The study report, expected within nine months, will make suggestions on the structure of the proposed flyover at the junction of Lattice Bridge (LB) Road and Sardar Patel Road.The junction is a high-density traffic area due to its proximity to East Coast Road, a major gateway to the city, the IT Corridor and roads that connect the central business district with localities in the south.The project, first conceived by the corporation under the previous DMK government as a flyover-cum-subway, had been shelved due to a shortage of funds needed for land acquisition. The AIADMK government recently revived the plan with the traffic situation at the junction getting progressively worse due to the rapid development of suburbs like Sholinganallur, Kovalam, Kelambakkam and Tiruporur. Traffic density also increased manifold after the IT Corridor was developed into sixlane highway.Officials said the flyover is likely to be a multi-level facility that will clear the bottleneck near the Thiruvanmiyur MTC terminus. While initial estimates by the Chennai corporation a few years ago suggested that around 52 grounds would be required for the Rs 126-crore traffic project, and land acquisition alone would cost around Rs 93 crore, the project cost will now be much higher. \"The cash-strapped corporation could not take the project forward, but the state has now decided that it can push it through with the highways department taking over land under the Tamil Nadu Highways Act,\" a senior highways official said. However, the department has been asked for a project plan that will minimise land acquisition, he added.The study will forecast traffic in the area over the next 20 years and this information will be worked into the plan. The original plan proposed a 600-metre flyover on Lattice Bridge Road and a 440-metre subway along Tiruvalluvar Salai and West Avenue Road. The highways' consultant has to come up with detailed design that includes supporting components such as macro drains, skywalk or footbridges for pedestrians with escalators, approaches, embankments and junctions.However, residents of surrounding localities and motorists say a flyover alone won't solve the problem. \"We need to widen narrow link roads between IT Corridor and East Coast Road,\" said C Anand, a resident of Valmiki Nagar. Federation of East Coast Residents Associations general secretary T Kuppusamy said the proposed flyover was a welcome move. \"But we also want the government to step up its eviction drive and remove all encroachers on East Coast Road,\" he said. \"The state should also consider shifting the MTC terminus in Thiruvanmiyur to Akkarai.\" julie.mariappan@timesgroup.com == N-stir: NGOs booked for diverting fundsNew Delhi/Chennai: Acting on the findings of a \"discreet\" inquiry against non-governmental organizations opposing the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant, investigating agencies on Tuesday initiated probe against four of them with two cases each being registered by the Tamil Nadu police's crime branch and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for \"diversion\" of funds.\"Cases have been registered against four NGOs for violation of the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA),\" home secretary R K Singh said.Reports gathered by the home ministry showed that funds received from the US and Sweden were diverted by local NGOs, including some church groups, to fuel the stir. The government has gone on the offensive with sources claiming that the popular mood in Tamil Nadu was turning against the activists who were being seen as obstructionists opposed to nuclear power at all costs. \"The activists are out to sabotage India's nuclear programme,\" said a minister.It is felt that the severe power shortage in the state has eroded any sympathy for the blockade at Kudankulam. Activist S P Udayakumar, who is leading protests, has sent a defamation notice to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, drawing a sharp response from minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy, who asked him to explain his links to foreign NGOs. \"Udayakumar has been asked to explain his links to a Swedish NGO,\" he said.Unfazed by the defamation notice, government sources said the activists would be hard put to defend themselves against the charges of misusing the provisions of the FCRA. The action came days after Manmohan Singh stated that NGOs had received support from abroad for leading protests against the muchawaited nuclear power plant being built in collaboration with Russia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076345", "title": "26/11 was to escalate communal tension, SC told", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 26/11 Mumbai terror attack involving Ajmal Kasab was carried out with a \"calculated\" design, aimed at causing communal tension in the country by projecting that it was the handiwork of Indian Muslims, the Supreme Court was told on Tuesday.\"The terror attack was with a calculated design to pose that it was an attack by Indian Muslims. This was their deliberate design to flare up communal tension in the country,\" former solicitor-general Gopal Subramaniam and special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam submitted to a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and C K Prasad.They said evidence collected during investigations established that Pakistani handlers of the 10 terrorists had planned the attack in such a manner that it would have resulted in tension between the majority and minority communities.\"Therefore, it is time for the Supreme Court to address this vital issue in detail for the purpose that the attack was carried out in such manner that wou-ld have caused communal unrest in the country,\" the prosecutors said, while seeking the apex court's endorsement to the death sentence awarded to Kasab.The Maharashtra police said the Pakistani handlers had chosen Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) as a target as it was one of the most important railway stations in Mumbai, connecting the city with other parts of the country.They had earlier submitted that Kasab's confession, coupled with intercepted conversations between the terrorists and their Pakistani handlers, proved that the assault on the commercial capital was a result of a \"meticulous\" planning across the border.Kasab is the sole convict of the carnage in which 166 people were killed. He has pleaded with the Supreme Court to commute his death sentence to life imprisonment.The apex court had stayed Kasab's death sentence on October 10 last year.In the special leave petition (SLP) challenging the Bombay High Court judgment, that confirmed his death sentence, Kasab had claimed he was brainwashed like a \"robot\" into committing the crime in the name of 'God' and that he does not deserve death penalty due to his young age.Kasab, who is lodged at the Arthur Road jail, had filed the SLP through the jail authorities.Along with nine Pakistani terrorists, Kasab had landed in south Mumbai on November 26, 2008 night after travelling from Karachi by sea and had gone on a shooting spree at landmarks.While Kasab was captured, the other terrorists in his group had been killed by security forces during counter-terror operations. He was sentenced to death by a special anti-terror court on May 6, 2010.The High Court had upheld on February 21 last year the trial court's order of death sentence to Kasab for the \"brutal and diabolical\" attacks aimed at \"destabilizing\" the government. The death penalty was upheld on charges of criminal conspiracy, waging war against the nation and various other provisions of the Indian Penal Code and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078642", "title": "West too rocked by rumours", "text": "MUMBAI: Rumours have travelled west in Mumbai. The buzz about men robbing homes and abducting children in the eastern suburbs has now reached the western suburbs creating panic among residents.The western suburbs are now agog with talk of the \"monkey man\" abducting children since the last one week. Fortunately, no crimes seem to have been reported in the area and police are on the lookout for rumour-mongers . \"We want to contain elements who take advantage of the situation to settle scores. One such incident was reported in the eastern suburbs,\" said a senior police officer.\"We will deal sternly with rumour-mongers since it is the only way to tackle the issue,\" he added. However, experts suggested that the police should rope in community leaders to deal with the situation.Additional police commissioner ( crime) Deven Bharti said, \"People should confront the person who spread such stories after directly asking about the victim's detail and informing the police about it.\" \"We received several calls about the \"monkey man\" , however, we didn't find anything to substantiate its existence. People claim to have heard about a supernatural being, but no victim has come forward,\" added a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12076911", "title": "Mixed response to strike in city", "text": "GURGAON: A partial response was seen in the city to the 24-hour nationwide strike called by central trade unions and supported by several city-based workers' groups.While all PSU banks were closed and transport services were disrupted, the work in corporate offices and BPOs continued as usual. The roads in industrial belts, however, wore a deserted look on Tuesday.At various places, employee unions staged dharna and organized rallies demanding an end to contract labour, amendment of the Minimum Wages Act, an increase in gratuity payout and a universal social security net for all unorganised sector workers through the creation of a national social security fund.Even as Haryana Roadways was able to run its buses, daily commuters said the there were fewer buses on the roads. With a section of auto-rickshaw and taxi operators remaining off-road, passengers complained of delays and overcharging.People wanting to take public transport to Delhi and other places faced a tough time as the situation was tense at some places.Even as Haryana Roadways was able to run its buses, in some cases passengers had to be dropped mid-way as the situation in some cities was tense. Commuters heading towards Jaipur, Rohtak and Alwar had to face a lot of problems.According to sources, police had to escort some state transport buses as some of the roadways employees joined the strike. In Yamunanagar town, striking roadways staff deflated the tyres of some buses. Similarly, many buses from Faridabad, Rohtak and Palwal didn't reach Gurgaon on time.Services at the Citizen Facilitation Centre (CFC) of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) were disrupted as the workers' union tried to close some of the centres.\"The class four sanitation workers participated in the strike. But very few of them employees are on the payrolls of the municipality. The work they do is largely outsourced, therefore the services at the CFCs functioned on Tuesday,\" claimed an MCG official.The residents, however, had a different story to tell. \"I came here to collect the birth certificate of my son, but the employees have asked me to come tomorrow,\" said Jagdish Kumar, a Jyoti Park resident. The CFC provides residents' services like birth and death certificate, marriage certificate, house tax submission among other facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12075990", "title": "MU website is reasonably good, says VC", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University's new website has gone from multiple clicks to a single click. Vice-chancellor T C Shivashankara Murthy on Tuesday inaugurated the revamped website that facilitates easy and quick access to information. Termed as \"reasonably good site\" by Murthy, the website boasts of a comprehensive section for downloading various application forms.The revamp, an in-house effort, was guided by a committee of senior faculty who provided necessary feedback and was executed by Vijay, computer operator at the university's computer centre. The major changes incorporated in the website, according to V R Nanjangud, director, computer centre, is the single click access to all information. The website also has a feedback column and a search facility. \"Maintenance of the website - www.mangaloreuniversity.ac.in - hosted on a local server at the centre is lot easier now,\" opined Nanjangud.\"The university, which started its website in 2001, had initially outsourced the maintenance to a computer firm. In 2008, the varsity took a decision to maintain the site by its own. This is the first major revamp of the website after that,\" he added.Observing that more improvements can be done in the website, the VC said that the university would explore the possibilities of enabling students submit applications online and pay their fees online. \"Students and parents clicking on links to each department can get details of the course, structure and staff there,\" he said, adding that more refinements can be executed in future. To a suggestion of having a Kannada version of the website, K M Balakrishna, programme co-ordinator said that the varsity was open to the idea although it would involve slightly more work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "12078667", "title": "Dera 'conversion' row: School head suspended", "text": "MANSA: A week after the ''conversion'' of a group of students at Dera Sacha Sauda in Sirsa on February 19, the school authorities suspended the woman principal who taken them there.Balaji educational society, the trust that runs Guru Gobind Singh senior secondary school, took action against principal Sunita Taneja, on Tuesday, following pressure from Sikh organizations.After 49 students of the school in Sahnewali village of Mansa district visited the dera headquarters, many of them had alleged they were made to take a sweetened drink (Jam-e-Insaan), wear dera lockets and chant their mantras.Balaji educational society chairman Gurlabh Singh said, \"The principal was placed under suspension and a three-member committee constituted to probe the matter.\"Confirming this, Mansa district education officer (DEO) Harkanwaljit Kaur said the society running Adarsh schools had the power to recruit or suspend teachers.Taneja, however, denied any role in the incident. She said the students had gone to the dera in a vehicle arranged by its followers, with the consent of their parents, and the school had nothing to do with the visit.Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Commitee member Mohan Singh Bangi, who along with two others reached the school to investigate the ''conversion'' row said, ''We are talking to students, their parents, staff and even driver of the vehicle that took students to the dera. More members will join us on Wednesday. We want to find out how far the dera is going to carry out conversions.''The dera authorities said the incident was blown out of proportion. Dera spokesperson Aditya Insan told TOI over phone, ''The controversy is being generated by certain vested interests. Dera does not convert people and believes in religious universality. Nobody is forced to have Jam-e-insan\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12078595", "title": "Prosecution &amp; cops need to work as team", "text": "The verdict in what came to be known as the Borude rape case is being seen by some as another high-profile instance where the prosecution failed at its task . In the last few years , the prosecution has been unable to substantiate its argument in the lower court in several cases due to insufficient or flawed evidence . These cases , legal experts say , underline the dire need to hire more prosecutors and educate the police in collecting and presenting evidence better .Legal experts cite the Adnan Patrawala case , the Dera Sacha Sauda case , the TISS rape case , the Abhishek Kasliwal case and the Neeraj Grover murder case as some of the major instances where the prosecution could not get the judgment it sought .A public prosecutor on condition of anonymity admitted that in certain instances the public prosecutors ' incompetence is to be blamed . \"The government needs to do something about this. We have a severe shortage of prosecutors. Many times , prosecutors handle three courts , which does not give them time to concentrate on cases ,\" the prosecutor said . \"Lack of coordination between the prosecution and the investigating agency is also a major factor .\"In the Patrawala case , the prosecution failed because , among other things , the judge doubted its case that a witness overheard the accused hatching the murder conspiracy in public . In the Kasliwal case , the vehicle seized by the police did not match the vehicle where the rape allegedly took place . Similarly , in the Neeraj Grover murder case , the judge disbelieved the prosecution's argument that Maria Susairaj and Emile Jerome had conspired to kill him . In the TISS rape case , the prosecution was unable to establish its case beyond reasonable doubt.Prominent defence lawyer Amin Solkar blamed inexperienced prosecutors and unscientific investigations for the high rate of acquittals . He suggested that prosecutors be involved at the investigation stage to guide the police in collecting incontestable evidence . \"Right now , in many cases , the accused are arrested first and the case investigated later , when it should be the other way round ,\" Solkar said . \"This is worsened by the fact that many prosecutors have handled very few cases .\"Times ViewThis is yet another in a long line of high-profile cases, built up by investigators as \"fool-proof\" , to be shredded by a court. And it will not be the last. Investigators may think arresting the accused-and then building up a case in the media-is a job well done. Unfortunately for our cops, proving guilt inside the court demands painstaking investigation and incontrovertible evidence. The verdict raises a question that investigators will find difficult to answer: how could they goof up on a simple point like the \"victim's\" age? This case, coming so soon after the Adnan Patrawala acquittal, will deal a body blow to the common citizen's faith in cops' ability to take cases to their logical conclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12076284", "title": "Two arrested in Vasco for possession of ganja", "text": "VASCO: Two persons-Rashid Khan, 48 and a minor-were arrested by the Vasco police near the Baina outpost, near Ravindra Bhavan, for carrying ganja on Tuesday. The police said, \"We are yet to weigh the ganja, it seems to be around 2-3 kg.\"On Tuesday evening, acting on a tip-off that a man would be carrying a consignment of ganja, the Vasco police laid a trap and arrested Khan as soon as they saw him. The two have been arrested under the NDPS Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12078459", "title": "IISER director: Stay focused on ground level research", "text": "BHOPAL: Underlining the need to open a special mathematics branch in Barkatullah University, Bhopal, Indian Institute of Science and Education Research ( IISER) director and scientific advisor to Prime Minister Prof Vinod Kumar Singh advised young scientists to concentrate on ground level new scientific research.He expressed his views at the inaugural function at the 27th Young Scientist Congress at National Science Fair, Lal Parade Grounds on Tuesday.Inaugurating the event, Science and Technology Minister Kailash Vijayvargiya exhorted the participants to do researches on the Indian scientific traditions and methods. He also underlined the need for increasing food grains production and finding out alternative sources of energy in view of increasing population.Principal Secretary Science &amp; Technology Alok Shrivastava said there is need for greater stress on teaching and studies of science in the present context. The number of Institutes for Excellence will be increased for this purpose.Director General of Madhya Pradesh Council for Science &amp; Technology Prof PK Verma said several changes have been made in the format of 27th Young Scientist Congress. Besides expansion of branches of research, award money has also been increased. This year, Young Scientist Congress has been organised in the backdrop of science fair.During the two-day congress, about 200 young scientists would present research papers on 24 subjects like agriculture, chemical sciences, life sciences, environment sciences, computer sciences among others.A panel of judges will select best research papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12077664", "title": "Cusat to probe ex-SIF head Kurup", "text": "KOCHI: The Cusat syndicate has decided to constitute a sub-committee to probe the allegations made by the finance department against B Madhusoodana Kurup, former director, School of Industrial Fisheries (SIF), presently on deputation as vice-chancellor of Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Sciences (KUFOS). The committee will be led by syndicate member Lopus Mathew (convener). It will also include M Bhasi, K A Zakkariya and Sunny P Jose.The decision was taken after heated arguments between the members over the report of the finance inspection wing.The report has also recommended disciplinary action against vice chancellor Ramachandran Thekkedath and former registrar N Chandramohanakumar for ignoring the financial irregularities committed by Dr Kurup while relieving him from the post of SIF director. The finance inspection conducted in SIF, Cusat and KUFOS recommended that the administrative department recover a pending advance of Rs 1,29,45,694 crore from Kurup with 18% interest per annum.The report says interest accrued for FP7 Marie Curie IRSES PASSA account at 19.5% per annum offered by the bank, should be recovered from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077794", "title": "Kakodkar invites N-power detractors for a discussion", "text": "PUNE: After being stopped from talking about 'Jaitapur power project' at a lecture in the city a day before, nuclear scientist Anil Kakodkar said on Tuesday that use of nuclear energy is inevitable. He said that it remains the safest option among all major energy forms in commercial use despite incidents at Fukushima (Japan) and Chernobyl ( Russia ).The former chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission was speaking at the inaugural session of a two-day conference on 'Energy and sustainable development', at the College of Engineering Pune (CoEP), on Tuesday.\"India needs to create a larger capacity for the use of all forms of energy resources, including nuclear source. The country must focus on development of technologies for thorium and solar energy ,\" he said.The event was held amid heavy police bandobust following apprehensions that the Shiv Sena, which is opposed to the proposed 9,900 MW Jaitapur nuclear power project in Ratnagiri district, may cause trouble.In fact, the organisers were forced to shift the conference venue from the Abasaheb Marathe Arts and New Commerce Science College at Hativale in Ratnagiri to the CoEP, following threats from the Sena.On Monday, Shiv Sena activists had gathered at the Agharkar Research Institute (ARI) to demand cancellation of Kakodkar's lecture. The Senamen backed out only after the ARI top officials assured them that Kakodkar won't mention Jaitapur in his address.On Tuesday, Kakodkar avoided mentioning the Jaitapur project, but made out a strong case for nuclear energy. \"People may have legitimate doubts and apprehensions about nuclear power projects. It is essential to clarify the same. I have made an attempt to do so in some way and things can also be sorted out with one-on-one discussion with those opposed to the projects.\"\"Nuclear energy already accounts for 16% of world electricity and it is growing even post-Fukushima. The real risks of nuclear energy are the lowest among all major energy forms. Besides, the advantage in terms of minimal effect on climate change also needs to be taken into account.\"Kakodkar said, \"Much of the apprehensions about nuclear power are the result of public trauma generated by catastrophe syndrome and misinformation relating to fatalities, radiation and waste management.\"He said that several countries are, in fact, opting for nuclear power plants. \"The US approved two nuclear power plants in Georgia recently, the UK and Finland are going the same way, China is constructing three such plants while South Korea commissioned another one. The nuclear programme is credible and good all over the world.\"Kakodkar said, \"Even Germany, which has decided to phase out its nuclear power plants, imports a lot of energy from France, which produces nuclear power on a large scale.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12078356", "title": "Central trade unions' bandh cripples Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: The country-wide strike called by the central trade unions against price hike and to demand for the rights of employees and labourers on Tuesday paralyzed the state capital.The coordinating body of trade unions of the state imposed the dawn-to-dusk strike in Manipur. At least six volunteers of the body including three women were picked up by the police for enforcing the strike at bazaar areas. They were, however, released in the evening.Laishram Sotinkumar, convener of the body and a leader of Manipur unit CPI, said they demand that necessary measures be taken up to curb inflation, implementation of basic labour laws and to curb violation of labour laws. Other demands, he said, include providing concession packages to entrepreneurs, universal security to unorganized sector workers, preparation of national security fund and funding to profit earning PSUs of the Centre and state governments.Besides demanding repeal of the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, they also demand completion of national highways construction within one year, providing employment allowance to unemployed youths, setting up of industries that can generate employment and providing free education to children of workers in government and private schools.Business establishments at Khwairamband market covering Thangal Bazaar, Paona Bazaar, Bir Tikendrajit Road, Alu Gali, Mahatama Gandhi Avenue and Dharamsala were closed owing to the stir.No vehicles were plied during the stir period other than for essential services. Sources said the Moreh Border Trade Union also supported the strike. However, the ongoing high school leaving certificate and higher secondary school leaving certificate examinations were held normally.Hundreds of non-Manipuri porters, under the banner of All Manipur Mutiya Workers' Union staged a demonstration at Dharamsala. Leaders of the state coordinating body also joined the demonstration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076447", "title": "Race for key home department post hots up", "text": "MUMBAI: With additional chief secretary (home) U C Sarangi retiring on Wednesday, CM Prithviraj Chavan, home minister R R Patil and other state functionaries are in talks to decide on a replacement.According to information, Amitabh Rajan (1979 batch) is one of the contenders for the post. Rajan has been on central deputation since November 11, 2010. The other names doing the rounds include additional chief secretary (public health) J K Banthia (1977), metropolitan commissioner Rahul Asthana (1978) and additional chief secretary (relief and rehabilitation) J S Saharia (1978).Sources said Banthia had indicated that he would like to continue working in the public health sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12077225", "title": "Wait for autorickshaw meters just got longer", "text": "GURGAON: The wait for fare meters in CNG-run autorickshaws plying in the city is not going get over anytime soon. Gurgaon is the only district in the state which has put forth the proposal of installation of fare meters and distance-based fares in CNG autorickshaws.However, this exclusivity is posing a problem in getting it cleared by the government, as it concerns only one district. Transport commissioner S K Joshi said the matter was still being discussed.Gurgaon administration has twice sent the proposal to the Haryana transport department for approval in the past one year. Moreover, based on the latest proposal sent to the headquarters, the district administration had made installation of meters in autos mandatory and fixed the distance-based fares on trial basis in December 2011. But, the trial fell flat because there was no sign of approval contrary to the administration's expectation.S K Joshi said no time frame could be given as of now as the government is yet to decide on the matter. According to the official, the department has only received a proposal of from Gurgaon while no other district including Panchkula has come up with this initiative. On the contrary, there is opposition from other districts which feel that commuters will have to shell out more money in case fare meters are introduced.When contacted, Regional Transport Authority (RTA) secretary Dharmendra Singh said, \"It was thought that the approval would come by the time owners got the meter installed in their vehicles. The trial run cannot be executed without the approval.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12077925", "title": "Heritage Golconda diamond up for auction at Sotheby's", "text": "Beau Sancy, an important diamond from the world-renowned Golconda mines, will come under the gavel at Sotheby's auction, Magnificent Jewels and Noble Jewels, in Geneva on May 15. It was worn by Marie de Medici in her crown at her coronation as the Queen Consort of the French king Henri IV in 1610. Weighing 34.98 carats, it is expected to fetch $ 2 million to $ 4 million (approx. Rs 9.80 crore to Rs 19.60 crore).The modified pear double rose cut diamond, named after the Lord of Sancy Nicolas de Harlay (1546-1629) who first acquired it in Constantinople sometime in mid-1500s, has been passed down through the royal families of France, England, Prussia and the House of Orange-Nassau of the Netherlands.Sharing the details about the historic diamond, Maithili Parekh, Director, Sotheby's India, said, \"The Beau Sancy is one of the most fascinating and romantic gems ever to appear at auction. It is most likely to have originated from the mines in south-central India near the city of Golconda (modern day Hyderabad), the source of history's best known diamonds like the Hope, the Kohinoor and the Regent.\" Parekh adds that the Beau Sancy was bought for 75,000 livres by Henri IV and gifted to his wife. \"The queen of France had long desired the stone, particularly after learning that Lord of Sancy had sold a larger stone, today known as the Sancy, to King James I of England. In a testament to the importance the queen placed on the diamond, the Beau Sancy was mounted atop the crown that she wore at her coronation in 1610,\" informs Parekh. The Beau Sancy has been shown publicly a few times earlier and will be showcased in Hong Kong, New York, Rome, Paris , London, Zurich and Geneva before the auction.The Golconda mines have yielded some of the best diamonds known to man as a result of which the term Golconda has come to be popularly used to refer to any diamond that has incredible transparency, clarity and whiteness. These attributes are generally found in rare type-IIa natural diamonds that are free from nitrogen that gives regular diamonds their yellow tint.The Kohinoor is inarguably the most famous Golconda diamond. Weighing 186 carats, it is part of the British crown jewels today. Its acquisition by Persian conqueror Nadir Shah in 1739 by the Mughal emperor Muhammad Shah is part of the legends associated with medieval India. The biggest known Golconda diamond, however, is the Regent, weighing more than 410 carats when discovered in the 18th century.It was named thus as it was sold by the English to the regent of France and went on to rest in the crown of Marie Antoinette and Napoleon's sword later on. It is presently housed at the Louvre museum in Paris. Another well-known Golconda diamond is the Hope, blue in colour and weighing 44-carat. It is housed in the Smithsonian museum, Washington.Worn by Marie de Medici on her crown at her coronation as the Queen Consort of the French king Henri IV in 1610, Beau Sancy, weighing 34.98 carats, is expected to fetch $2 million to $ 4 million (approx. Rs 9.80 crore to Rs 19.60 crore)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077917", "title": "City schools use annual day celebrations to fleece parents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Annual day function in the city schools is no more a dull gathering with low turnouts. Now a major event in the calendar of most of the schools, annual day functions have become a way for school managements to market themselves and even take donations from parents. In a complaint registered with the education departments of both Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy districts by a child rights NGO, nine schools from the city were accused of collecting Rs 5,000 to Rs 6,000 from the parents as donation for conducting their annual day events. In most of the schools, the budget of such events range anywhere between Rs 1 lakh and Rs 6 lakh, officials of the school education department said.Some of the schools in the city are now under the scanner of education departments of both Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy districts for charging a 'special fee' from parents. Demanding a probe into the matter, the complainants have said that most schools in the city are charging special fee from parents.Parents said that the school functions have become elaborate in the last few years with every school trying to make the show as pompous as possible. \"There are over 18 stage events which are performed by students in each of these functions. Some schools even have mass drills for which students practice for days together and miss their classes. Managements are not bothered about any of this. They just need their publicity,\" said Pitara Ravi, a parent and one of the complainants.Balala Hakkula Sangham, an NGO working for child rights, lodged a formal complaint against these schools with the district education officers of Ranga Reddy and Hyderabad on Tuesday. Ironically, parents do not even approve most of the programmes organised by schools. \"Most schools conduct cinematic dance programmes. Students from kindergarten are made to dance to Telugu and Hindi item numbers,\" said a parent.In most cases, schools are using the event as a marketing strategy, complainants said. \"Each of the schools wants an eminent guest to preside over the function. These widely publicized functions are aimed at attracting more students in the next academic year,\" said Achyuta Rao from Balala Hakkula Sangham. To attract huge crowd, the events are no longer held inside the school compound, officials said. Interestingly, in the past one month, 20 schools conducted their annual day events in Ravindra Bharathi, Saifabad which charges a minimum of Rs 50,000 for staging an event.Parents said from dance events to skits, they are expected to bear the expenses of costumes and makeup. \"For clothes and makeup parents would be spending nearly Rs 3,000 on each student. If donation too included in this, on an average each parent spends about Rs 10,000 on annual day celebrations,\" said Radhika Reddy, a parent said.DEOs said that the schools are not supposed to charge anything over and above their annual school fee and hence collecting donations for annual day functions are illegal. \"We will look into the complaint and act as per the rules,\" said Usha Rani, DEO, Ranga Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12076606", "title": "Maya village votes amid tight security", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: UP chief minister Mayawati's home turf - Badalpur - saw massive security arrangements with a large number of people exercising their franchise on Tuesday.Badalpur, the ancestral village of Mayawati, is in the Dadri Assembly segment.The polling booth closest to the under-construction park in the village witnessed a high percentage of voter turnout in the first few hours.Polling began on time at the primary school on the premises of Kumari Mayawati Inter College in Badalpur, which is located a few hundred metres away from the chief minister's dream park. However, one of the two EVMs developed a snag just after four votes were cast causing a delay of one hour.\"A trainer was immediately summoned and a new machine was put in place after registering the first four votes,\" said R S Yadav, magistrate in-charge of sector 21. By 11am, around 11% voters had cast their votes at this sensitive booth. At two booths in Badalpur alone, 80% and 60.8% voter turnout was recorded by the end of the day, the sector magistrate said.A large number of women and youth, claiming allegiance to the BSP supremo, came to cast their votes.Meanwhile, people in small groups, who gathered at tea stalls and roadside shops outside the booth, blamed Mayawati for the acquisition of land and unemployment in the region.\"An inter-college, a degree college and a polytechnic were established by Mayawati in the village, so we have cast our votes for her,\" said Vimal Naagar, 20, a resident of Badalpur.However, senior citizens of the village did not credit her with developmental work. \"Developmental activities have taken place in all Ambedkar villages in the district. She has done nothing extraordinary for Badalpur,\" said Jagdish Nambardar, 65, a senior citizen of the village.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12076493", "title": "Fresh ideas galore, but no follow-up in curbing crime", "text": "PANAJI: After the 26/11 terrorist strike in Mumbai, the Goa government decided to set up a special cell-the anti-terrorist squad (ATS). A proposal to set up the ATS was sent in December 2008. Three reminders later, there is still no decision. Recently, the state government asked the police department to send a fresh proposal to set up the special cell. The police complied with this request on July 4, 2011. The matter is now with the home department.This despite the fact that Goa came face-to-face with home grown terror when explosives carried on a scooter by two men went off, killing both, in Margao in October 2009. Police linked the blast to a right-wing Hindu organization---Sanatan Sanstha---which has its headquarters in the temple town of Ramnathi in Ponda. Police procured high-speed boats to protect the state's coastline, but the government failed to appoint technical staff for the same. With most of the forensic labs refusing to accept viscera from Goa, except in murder cases, the police pushed the need to start a forensic lab in Verna. It is yet to be fully functional as the staff for the same is yet to be appointed.However, in the last five years, the police purchased modern arms like SLR, INSAS and AK 47 and bulletproof jackets. They also set up a bomb disposal squad and many of its men were sent for commando training. The central government also granted 5 crore to the state government to set up a police control room (PCR). Though the PCR infrastructure is set up, it is yet to be fully functional as there is no adequate staff to man it. Recently, chief minister Digambar Kamat said, \"I will personally look into the proposal of additional staff for the PCR and ATS. Even if we are not able to provide the required staff, we will do whatever is possible.\"Unfortunately, in the last five years with Ravi Naik as home minister, the police have been shrouded in controversy. The police handling of British teenager Scarlett Keeling's death on Anjuna beach was criticized and the case had to be handed over to the CBI. Matters turned worse, when in December 2009, Goa's then tourism minister Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco asked the police department to crack down on sexual offenders saying the state was moving towards gaining notoriety as the \"rape capital of India\". In a letter to the CM and home minister, Pacheco had said, \"An impression is gaining ground that Goa police are either grossly incompetent or influenced by other factors as a result of which complaints are not properly investigated.\"If the arrest of alleged Israeli drug lord David Driham alias Dudu exposed the police-drug nexus and led to the arrest of eight policemen, then the May 25 Balli violence that left two tribal youngsters charred to death, exposed the police's lack of preparedness as United Tribal Associations' Alliance (UTAA) agitators outnumbered the police and blocked roads, railway tracks and further damaged public and private properties. The police-drug nexus is now being investigated by the CBI.Naik did try to bring about a change in the functioning of the Goa police, when the select committee on the Goa Police Bill 2008, headed by him, modified the Goa Police Bill in 2010 and submitted it to speaker Pratapsingh Rane. However, it was never introduced in the assembly.Human rights activists criticized the select committee on the Goa Police Bill, 2008, for failing to carry out any public consultation on the provisions of the bill , before amending and submitting it to the speaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076585", "title": "Free taxi services for SSC students at Dadar", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of cabbies in Dadar (East) have decided to provide free taxi services to students appearing for the Secondary School Certificate (SSC) exam from March 1. There are close to 30 schools in the area.The Mumbai Taxi Chalak Malak Sena will put up posters and hoardings to help students locate the taxis opposite Dadar (east) station, near Swaminarayan temple. The services would be available only to drop students till their exam centres and will benefit those with centres in Wadala and Naigaon. Drivers have also agreed to drop students till Matunga if necessary. Nilesh Badade, a taxi driver who is part of the initiative, said, \"Taxi drivers refuse to ferry passengers for shorter distances. We want to ensure that students appearing for exams don't waste time waiting for public transport. We have requested at least 30 taxi drivers to be there in the morning hours till the last date of the exam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078564", "title": "10 firms submit Navi Mumbai Metro station bids", "text": "MUMBAI: At least 10 companies , including Larsen &amp; Toubro, Nagarjuna Construction Company and IVRCL, have submitted bids to Cidco for developing 11 station complexes under the Navi Mumbai Metro project. Cidco opened the tender on Monday but is yet to scrutinize the bids. Cidco chairman Pramod Hindurao said on Tuesday that it wishes to extend the Navi Mumbai Metro project up to Ulhasnagar and will request permission for the same from the chief minister.The Navi Mumbai Metro project was inaugurated on May 1, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12076933", "title": "BSc student commits suicide", "text": "KANPUR: A 20-year-old BSc student committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of his room on Monday night. He was identified as Vikas Shukla.Vikas, a native of Bingawan in Bidhnoo area, lived with his family. On Monday night, after dinner, he went inside his room to sleep. On Tuesday morning, when he did not wake up, the family members found the door locked from inside. When they got no response despite repeated knocking on the door, the kin broke open the door and found the body of Vikas hanging from the ceiling. They rushed him to the nearby Hospital, where doctors declared him brought dead.No suicide note was recovered. Vikas was an average student. It was not clear why he committed suicide.The body had been handed over to the family members after the post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12076506", "title": "Widening of national highways in the state left in a limbo", "text": "PANAJI: The most significant achievement regarding the national highways in Goa-NH 17 and NH 4-A-in the last five years was the building of the Goa Velha bypass road on NH 17.But the most regressive step regarding the national highways in Goa was that the widening of both the highways in Goa fell through.The work of widening the 65km-long NH 4-A from the Karnataka-Goa border to Panaji was awarded to Infrastructure Developers Limited (IRB) at a cost of 471 crore. But additional demands by the state government to construct more flyovers, more underpasses and change the alignment raised the cost of the project by 106 crore. National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) had decided to re-tender the project.Likewise, the project for 4/6 laning of the 136km-long NH 17 from Patradevi to Pollem has been awarded to the Hyderabad-based IVRCL group at a cost of around 3,100 crore. But tall demands by the state government led to a cost escalation of 806 crore on the widening of NH 17, leading to the project being virtually scrapped. The NH 17 widening project will also be retendered, NHAI sources said.No significant addition to the state highways, major district roads or village roads happened in Goa in the last five years, except for the renewal and repairs of the road surfaces.With the widening of the two national highways in Goa in limbo, the state only has plans to convert the existing state highway from the Karaswaddo junction in Mapusa till Khandepar near Ponda as the new NH 17-C. It has been proposed to the Union ministry of road transport and highways to notify this 45km stretch of road as a national highway. This is in line with the Regional Plan 2021, which has proposed that once such a road comes up, it will usher in industrial development in the interior areas of Goa and even decongest the crowded coastal belt.There is a dire need for three new bridges in the state - one each over the Talpona and Galgibaga rivers and an additional bridge over River Zuari. All three were part of the NH 17 widening project, but that project is in the doldrums. Chief minister Digambar Kamat on December 17, 2011, pleaded with UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi not to club the three bridges with the widening project but to sanction their construction separately.On the other hand, it is an accepted fact that the quality of the roads in Goa is far superior to those in the neighbouring states of Karnataka, Maharashtra and Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12078365", "title": "American College staff seek unpaid salaries", "text": "MADURAI: Lecturers in the self-financing stream and a group of non-teaching staff of American College have been forced to work without pay for the past 14 months due to the imbroglio on taking over the administration of the century-old institution by two factions.The lecturers, about 46 of them and about 38 non-teaching staff submitted a petition to the Madurai collector U Sagayam to intervene and ensure that they get their pay. \"We were duly recruited by the principal and secretary of the college. However, due to maladministration of late CSI Madurai diocese Bishop Rev Christoper Asir, we were forced out of the classrooms since December 2010. Still, we continued to conduct classes under the shades of trees and got the students to appear for exams with the support of Madurai Kamaraj University,\" the aggrieved faculty members said in their petition.They further said, \"When the classes began for the current semester in November 2011, we attempted to get into the classrooms as instructed by the regional joint director of collegiate education. But Christopher Asir's son-in-law Davamani Christopher, who claims himself, to be the principal now, prevented us from entering the classes. Despite that we continue to teach students, but are not being paid for the past 14 months.\"A lecturer, who is working for the past six years said, \"The present principal had recruited lecturers in our place. While we were fully qualified and duly appointed, the appointment of these poorly qualified lecturers, is not valid. They are being paid the money meant for us. This is our college. But they want to force us to leave the institution just because we opposed Christopher Asir.\"Founded in 1881 by American Christian missionaries, American College, one of the oldest colleges in South India, is now embattled by the disputes between the members of management on governing the institution.The directorate of collegiate education stopped the payment of salaries to the staffs since December, 2010 due to internecine battle. Both the groups of administrative authorities filed petitions in the high court seeking disbursal of salaries. The high court, too, directed the state government to release teaching grant towards the salaries directly to bank accounts of the teaching and non-teaching staff.However, the regional directorate of collegiate education approved granting of the salaries in this manner only to faculties of aided stream and not for self-financing management streams. \"We want the status quo prior to December 2010 to be maintained,\" said one of the lecturers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077876", "title": "Man sets ablaze lover's daughter", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 30-year-old man on Tuesday set his paramour's minor daughter ablaze to take revenge on the woman in Gajularamaram on the outskirts of the city. The seven-year-old girl, Bhavani, suffered severe burns in the incident and succumbed at hospital later.The accused, Vijay, wanted to take revenge on his paramour Sujatha as he suspected that she was cheating on him.On Tuesday morning, a petrol pump employee at Mahadevpuram near Gajularamaram noticed fire and smoke in an abandoned house.Some of them rushed to the spot and found a mattress wrapped around a girl on fire. They also noticed Vijay, who was in an inebriated condition, hurrying away from the place. He was overpowered by the group.Locals quickly put out the fire and shifted the girl, who by then had suffered severe burns, to a nearby hospital.As the condition of the girl turned critical, she was then shifted to Gandhi Hospital with the assistance of police, where she succumbed to burns while undergoing treatment. Vijay was handed over to police.After the death of her husband Chennaiah two years ago, Sujata came in contact with Vijay, a distant relative from her native place in Mahbubnagar district. Soon, their friendship turned into an affair, police said.Vijay, who is a daily wager, used to frequently spend time at Sujata's house.On Tuesday morning, Sujata left for work. Immediately, he picked up Bhavani along with the mattress she was sleeping on and sneaked out of the house.He then cycled to an abandoned house at Gajularamaram, doused her in kerosene and set her ablaze. \"The exact reason for his extreme act is yet to be ascertained,\" Jeedimetla inspector A Sanjeeva Rao said.Police have booked a case against Vijay under section 302 (Murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12076508", "title": "Hand-ling the situation", "text": "Towards the end of Vijai Sardesai's door-to-door campaign, while interacting with one of his supporters, an old lady from a relatively humble background said, \"Vijai baab has done so much of work, we will definitely vote for 'hand'. The statement flummoxed Sardesai who decide to increase the intensity of his campaigns and has been holding candlelight marches, corner meetings and interacting with as many people as he can with the primary aim of making sure that none of his supporters like the old lady from Borda vote for the 'hand' instead of him.Landing in troubleA complaint has been filed before Goa's chief electoral officer seeking disqualification of Govind Parvatkar, the BJP candidate from Porvorim constituency. Stating that Parvatkar and his wife Usha are the owners of a plot with a bungalow in survey no 101/4 at Porvorim, Aires Rodrigues has stated that the allotment of the plot was made by the Serula communidade based on a affidavit filed by Usha Parvatkar that she was landless.Aires argues that that Usha was not landless as her husband Govind was a co-owner of his deceased father's house at Carambolim. He also said that Parvatkar had leased the ground floor of this bungalow at Porvorim to a bank for commercial use.Good gone badIAC activist and former cop Kiran Bedi says that Goans are among the most disciplined people she has ever come across.At the start of a public meeting at Merces in St Cruz constituency on Monday evening, she said, \"I am so delighted to see you all waiting here even though we arrived late. When I was posted here in Goa and put in-charge of the traffic cell, I remember seeing a procession of people walking on a footpath. They were holding candles and did not disturb the traffic. But why do you keep voting such bad people to power when it comes to casting your vote?\"Language barrierBefore commencing her address to the people, Kiran Bedi asked the crowd if they could understand Hindi. People in the crowd replied that they could understand Hindi and she could go ahead. But Bedi understood that she was not in North India. \"Ok, I will speak in Hindi. But, don't worry I will not speak in Hindi like they do on Doordarshan, but in a way that all of you will understand.\" Bedi continued her speech in a mixture of Hindi and English.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077655", "title": "2 burglars held, booty worth 63L recovered", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police have arrested a property offender from Mumbai who was involved in several burglaries in the city and Maharashtra. They recovered Rs 56 lakh worth stolen property from his possession.Police arrested Mohammed Hamed Qureshi, a notorious criminal from Tata Nagar slum in Mumbai. According to Cyberabad commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao, several non-bailable warrants were pending against him in Mumbai and other parts of the country. Qureshi was last arrested by the Bangalore police and released on bail in March 2011.\"Following his release, Qureshi shifted his two families to Toli Chowki and purchased a Mitsubishi Lancer and Honda City using the money he got through burglaries,\" the CP said. He used to carry out recce at various plush residential colonies in the city looking for locked houses. In the last one year, Qureshi committed 14 burglaries in the Cyberabad police limits and six in Pune. Police recovered 1.58 kilos gold, six kilos silver and two cars, all worth Rs 56.27 lakh from his possession.In another case, Central Crime Station (CCS) staff of the Cyberabad police has arrested a dance master, V Anand Kumar from Visakhapatnam, for committing four burglaries in the city. Police recovered 24.5 tolas of gold, two laptops and a Canon camera, all worth Rs 7.5 lakh from his possession. After committing burglaries, Anand, through his associate, had mortgaged the stolen property with a private finance firm, IIFL (gold loans) in KPHB Colony Phase-IV for Rs 2.98 lakh and was leading a lavish life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077767", "title": "PCMC gets 86 suggestions from citizens for budget", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has received 86 suggestions from 64 citizens about development works to be included in the annual budget for 2012-13.V T Bhosale, chief accounts officer, PCMC, said, \"The civic body had invited suggestions for inclusion in the annual budget, wherein the suggestions were to be submitted by January 10. The forms for the same were available free of cost at the four zonal offices and could also be filled online on PCMC's website. Citizens were expected to make suggestions regarding developmental works up to the cost of Rs 10 lakh.\"The development works which citizens could suggest included installation of garbage bins, streetlights, traffic signals and bus shelters; laying footpaths; tarring of roads; starting a public library; making seating arrangements for senior citizens and improvements in gardens and parks.The suggestions were scrutinised at the zonal offices and 86 of them were found eligible, Bhosale said.The maximum suggestions (43) were received from zone D (Pimpale Nilakh, Pimpale Saudagar, Kalewadi, Wakad and other areas). These included 41 suggestions related to the engineering department and two suggestions related to the electricity department. The least number of suggestions (seven) were received from zone B (Pimpri, Chinchwadgaon, Ravet, Punawale and other areas).The civic body had first invited suggestions for inclusion in the budget in 2007 and had received just 18 of them. In the subsequent year, 34 suggestions were received. In 2009, the number of suggestions increased to 66. In 2010, the PCMC increased the financial limit for development works from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 10 lakh and received 173 suggestions. Last year, PCMC received 140 suggestions and implemented 72 of these, for which an expenditure of Rs 5.35 crore was incurred, Bhosale added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076325", "title": "Glitch-free CMAT comes to an end", "text": "MUMBAI: The Common Management Admission Test (CMAT), which was conducted over a period of nine days, came to an end on Tuesday.The exam went off smoothly in all the 68 centres in the country. Around 70,000 students had registered for the exam that was conducted for admission to 3,000 institutes registered with the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE).The organizers saw an attendance of around 80% across the country and more than 90% in Mumbai. Students will be able to see their scores, cumulative as well as individual, online on March 11.Pravir Arora, executive vice-president of Aptech which provided technical support to AICTE for CMAT, said, \"There were no exams went on without any glitches. Though we have not compiled daily attendance, it has been over 80% across the country.After the results are out, we might have a meeting with AICTE authorities to chalk out plans for next year.\"Owing to Tuesday's nation-wide trade union strike, the exam was postponed to Wednesday in Kolkata. While the stakeholders had a lot of apprehensions about the test conducted by AICTE, the organisers have managed to keep up the standard, both technically and qualitatively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "rating *** music", "code": "12080699", "title": "Kahaani", "text": "Rating *** Music: Vishal-Shekhar Tracks: 6Be it the timeless Yeh Hai Bombay Meri Jaan, immortalised 56 years ago by O P Nayyar and Majrooh Sultanpuri or the much recent Delhi-6 title track, an A R Rahman-Prasoon Joshi crafted Gen-X ode to Delhi or even Amit Trivedi-Amitabh Bhattacharya's crackling Da-Da-Da-Da-Da-Da-Dilli, our cities, with all their idiosyncrasies, lend themselves to fantastic songs whenever musicians have felt them with their hearts.In Aami Shotti Bolchi, Vishal-Shekhar conjure the sights, smells and a sense of Kolkata in their sounds, fuelled by Vishal's spunky writing. Light jazz eases into swing music with a simplistic five-note riff playing through Usha Uthup's racy lines such as: Dil ka bazaar hai, thoda bizzare hai...Kolkata khwaaishon, armaano ka aachaar hai. While Usha uses her inimitable zest to make every line her own, Bollywood's first encounter with new-age metal finally comes through - albeit in a special appearance - as Vishwesh Krishnamoorthy, the high-spirited vocalist of the indie hardcore metal band Scribe, menacingly growls the chorus amidst a downpour of distorted guitars and thumping drums.For Piya Tu Kaahe Rootha Re, Javed Bashir, ace vocalist of Pakistan's Mekaal Hasan Band, throws expansive aalaaps against a synth-bass intro that will remind you of the lead-in to Bon Jovi's Living On A Prayer. What follows is a recipe for a thorough adrenaline rush - a sparkling guitar riff and Javed's robust classical singing rivalling the energy of crunchy power chords. Like a smooth relay run, instruments such as piano, tabla and bass dissolve into sections to script a fine example of rock-classical fusion.The third ace up V-S's sleeve is the dreamy guitars and spacious synthesisers-driven Ekla Cholo Re. Who better to give a classy baritone treatment to Rabindranath Tagore's epic song than Big B in his best Bangla accent? Amitabh Bachchan charms the wits out of you with his vocals that are as soothing as a well-aged bourbon. The reverb-powered arrangement buries itself into the background as if to let Bachchan take control and weave his magic with two verses, one each in Bengali and Hindi.The quality divide between these three numbers and the other three is quite apparent. The title song Kahaani, with its two versions - sung by KK and Shreya Ghoshal respectively - starts off as an overtly sweet melody before switching to a hummable chorus: Mera in raahon se hai rishta koi, anjaana sa puraana kissa koi...In se jo poocho toh kahenge, yeh meri kahaani. While both KK and Ghoshal do well to keep an unremarkable track alive, it is the latter's acoustic version that makes some impact. As for Tore Bina, an eclectic track voiced by Sukhwinder Singh, the hitch is that plenty of similar-sounding songs have been thrashed out in the indie rock scene.With this album, somehow, Vishal-Shekhar's decade-long association with director Sujoy Ghosh seems to have come full circle, as unlike the lukewarm Home Delivery and the passable Aladin, it has three genuinely stand-out songs, just as their first venture Jhankaar Beats had. Good music certainly has its way of standing out among the ordinary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12078016", "title": "PM's rally gets venue, will go ahead as planned", "text": "PANAJI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's election rally will be held at Government College, Sanquelim on Wednesday following clearance from the election commission of India.Based on communication received from the EC, higher education director Bhaskar Nayak issued a NOC for holding the rally. \"I am to convey the NOC to make use of government college land, subject that the college academic calendar is not disturbed,\" the director said in a communique to the Congress general secretary.EC, allowing the meeting, attached a copy of the 2009 circular allowing election meetings on college grounds provided the academic calendar is not disturbed. \"The paramount condition is that classes are not disturbed,\" Bhaskar Nayak said.Interestingly, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) also sought permission to hold an election rally at the same ground on Thursday and this has also been granted. \"I have also issued NOC for holding an election meeting of Smruti Irani at the request of BJP,\" Nayak told TOI.On Monday, Nayak had rejected permission to hold the PM's meeting at the government college in Sanquelim. Congress had then appealed to the EC.Sources said confusion arose because a EC circular on this was not available at the CEO's office in Goa. \"It was uploaded today (Tuesday),\" an official said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12077920", "title": "Locals find something fishy in land acquisiton for NH 17", "text": "KANNUR: The process to acquire land for widening national highway 17 (NH 17) in the district is on. But many people feel the programme is totally unscientific and that some vested interests are behind it.The government has, over the years, acquired enough land to construct a six-lane road.However, authorities are planning further acquisition. An activist of the NH 17 Action Council said people in the region would soon launch an agitation against this.Considering Kerala's special situation, it was agreed earlier that 30 metres would be sufficient to widen NH 17 in the state, said D Surendranath, chairman, Kannur district committee, NH 17 Action Council.\"Twenty two metres would be enough for the 4-lane road being planned here. However, they have acquired 30 metres of land at many places. On that they can build a 6-lane road. Why are they then acquiring more land,\" he asked.According to Surendranath, the people behind the highway expansion plan have some hidden agenda. Because of this huge acquisition, many small businesses along highways will be forced to fold up enabling monopolies to come up, he says.\"Moreover, we have reports that road construction companies are trying to escalate the budget and get 40 per cent of the total construction cost as grant from the government. This means the entire road would be built using government money, and the builder will collect toll for that,\" said Surendranath.According to PWD estimates, the cost to build one km of road is Rs 6 crore. But BOT companies quote Rs 18-22 crore for one km stretch, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12081021", "title": "Indian cinema is more of an industry now: Ashok Amritraj", "text": "Producer Ashok Amritraj says that the Indian film industry is more evolved than it was 20 years agoWhat were the challenges of shooting Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance, especially since it was your first 3D movie?The challenge whenever you make a movie of a Marvel comic book is that you first you have to keep the fans happy. So you have to sort of make sure that it provides the thrills to that audience -- and they're a very percepive audience who've been spoilt quite a bit by the Spider-Man and Fantastic Four films. But this one is very different. It's a very dark and complex kind of character. I like these kind of characters who have many shades of grey. It's one of the most interesting characters of the Marvel universe and Nick Cage plays it beautifully. However, the visual effects, which are quite stunning in this film, were very complicated and we complicated our lives further by doing it in 3D! The 3D and the visuals are absolutely stunning, as long as you watch it in a good theatre with the proper glasses. It's just a stunning film and Romania and Turkey offer a great backdrop for it.There are many people who are not in favour of movies going the 3D way. Some, like film critic like Roger Ebert , say that it is more a commercial ploy, and that films are darker in 3D and do not really enhance the movie-going experience.Not at all. The technology is perfect. The question is how good your theatre and your glasses are. The theatre has to be lit properly, and the glasses can't be made of plastic or paper. As long as the movie is the right movie to make in 3D, then it's a terrific experience. I enjoy watching certain movies like Transformers or a Harry Potter film in 3D. There are other movies like Inception , which is great to watch in 2D. You have the option with Ghost Rider.... I would not recommend watching it in 3D unless you have the proper equipment.The past decade has been one of instalments -- sequels, prequels, threequels. What does that have to say about Hollywood in terms of creativity?We refer to these things as tent pole movies -- they play in summer and Christmas and they are big and whether it's Harry Potter or Pirates of the Caribbean or any of thease films, they have a definite branded following in the marketplace. Sometimes, of course, there is a bit of laziness among filmmakers in not taking as much care as one could. But I think overall, the movies generally work because the characters have been set up because the audience follows the characters and you enjoy the ride. Yes, Hollywood is focused on these franchises, but one the other hand, you have wonderful writers, like those who worked on The Descendants, The King's Speech and Black Swan -- these films go out and do very well.Bollywood is seems to be catching on to the sequel wave as well...I think it depends on the movies. If a movie is really successful, if the characters warrant a sequel, there's no harm at all in making one. It's probably a good idea because the producers have built a brand. It's so difficult to get attention in the marketplace, so it's great to have a brand that's out there that people are aware of.Word is that you're looking at getting into Indian cinema. What are the sorts of projects that you'd like to be involved in?I think the easy answer is good screenplays. The more complicated answer is that I think I would want to do something different because you make terrific films here, so there's no reason for me to do the same thing. I'd enjoy shooting in India in any of the Indian languages. If there's something that actors want to do and that directors want to work with me on, it would be cool and a fun thing to do.Bollywood has also changed in the last decade. Slick big-budget urban films and gritty arthouse films have more or less replaced family dramas and out-and-out action films.I think the industry is evolving all the time in that I think it's really good that different kinds of movies are made now, whether it's the larger-scale films or the ones that are more tender and for the multiplex audiences. The marketplace is evolving, so I think the wide release on the first weekend seems to come here in a way that emulates Hollywood. I hope it's becoming more of an industry. I think 20 years ago, it was not as much of an organized industry as it is today.Have you got a chance to watch any new Indian films?It's been quite a while. I sat of the board for the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for foreign films for quite a while and would watch films from parts of the world. Probably the last one (Indian film) was Lagaan, which I enjoyed.What sort of film do you think would win us that coveted Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film?The films that are more likely to do well are the smaller more intimate films than the sort of larger-scale films because it is kind of the way the Academy looks at things and the way it works. Slumdog Millionare is more likely to win than Pirates of the Caribbean, the same goes for The King's Speech. The films that are more likely to win are story-based and more original.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12078543", "title": "Ludhiana thrash Ferozepur", "text": "LUDHIANA: On the 2nd day of the Punjab Basketball Championship, in men's section, Ludhiana Basketball Academy team beat Ferozepur by 43-22.In the second match, which was quite interesting, Amritsar beat Jalandhar with a single point margin as the score board read 77-76 when the buzzer went of.Ropar men beat Moga by 81-60 in a match in which both the teams played well, but Ropar managed to overpower their opponents. In another game, Faridkot defeated Gurdaspur by 52-37 and district Ludhiana beat district Mansa by 50-23 points.In women matches, last year champion district Kapurthala defeated Sangrur by 45-10 points, Ludhiana Basketball Academy defeated Moga by 27-26 points and Jalandhar district beat Mansa district by 45-16 points. Sunil Bajaj, player of district Ludhiana, said to participate in the state-level championship was a wonderful experience for him.He said from the last few years, he has been playing in the basketball team of school and would like to play in the national and international basketball tournaments. He said earlier, he had participated in the promotional league of National Basketball Association that was held at Ludhiana in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "12078713", "title": "Suspected honor killing in Bhiwani", "text": "BHIWANI: In a suspected case of honour killing, a man reportedly shot dead his minor daughter in Rewari Khera village of Bhiwani district on Sunday night and cremated her body secretly. Police have registered a case of murder against him and started investigations.Accused Ratan Pal reportedly shot dead his 15-year-old daughter, Nisha, a student of class X, on Sunday night in their house. The family however said it was an accidental death as the girl pressed the trigger while holding it. The body was cremated hurriedly without informing police.Sources said that a villager informed police about the incident after which Bhiwani SP B Satheesh Balan, along with forensic experts, visited the cremation ground and collected samples for investigation.The SP told TOI that a case under section 302 has been registered against the father, who is absconding. \"We have started investigations into the incident. The motive behind the murder is unclear so far\", he said.Police sources however disclosed that the accused, who is an ex-serviceman and now employed with a foreign embassy in Delhi, had returned home on Sunday. \"Some arguments seemed to have taken place between the girl and father after which the accused fired at her\", they added.Meanwhile, the SP has placed the incharge of Gurgani police post under suspension on charges of negligence in duty as he failed to act swiftly after the matter was reported to police by an anonymous caller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12076851", "title": "No payments for deliveries under JSSY after Holi", "text": "KANPUR: There is a bad news for the would-be mothers. They will not be getting payments for the deliveries under Janani Avam Shishu Suraksha Yojana (JSSY). The reason is non-availability of funds for JSSY scheme.It is pertinent to mention here that most of the annual grants and funds released in favour of patient welfare committee, village health and cleanliness committee and untied funds were not released for Kanpur and Ramabai Nagar since the past 13 months.According to the district health authorities, the state government is not using funds directly or indirectly associated with NRHM after the CAG and CBI probe into National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).Now the poor beneficiaries under the JSSY will suffer as no payments will be given to any woman delivering a baby after Holi.An official told TOI that initially the district health department compensated the JSSY payments through other funds. But the Central health authorities have now refused to release the funds for JSSY as well.\"The reason for this is the unavailability of various documents which the Central health department and CAG have asked from state health department. As the state health directorate did not provide the documents, the Central authorities have refused to release the payments,\" added the official.Its important to mention here that more then 700 deliveries are being conducted in as many as two district hospitals and 10 CHC's and PHC's of the district every month. According to the sources, the JSSY funds were not released from past seven months. This had revealed that several Lakhs are still waiting to be released for Patient's welfare.All the funds under 'patient welfare committee', annual welfare grant, untied funds and funds of village health and cleanliness are not been paid to any district health centres since the past 13 months. The last amount was given in December 2010. After this, no grant has been issued even after several reminders. The JSSY funds are due since the last seven months, sources in the department added.Chief medical officer Jai Singh said that no patient will be getting payments under JSSY after Holi. He said that he had already demanded funds several times but no action was taken.\"The heath authorities have asked all the CMOs to paste notices at the hospitals and departments concerned that no patient will be made under JSSY scheme. We will also paste the notice,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12078568", "title": "Govt report testifies corporal punishment in Kairon school", "text": "AMRITSAR: Female students are still subjected to corporal punishment in schools. In the hinterland of Punjab, the principal of school personally made the girls squat and hold their ears.According to reports Dalbir Singh, principal of Government Senior Secondary School, Kairon, in Tarn Taran district, made the young girl squat in the open under the sun to instill discipline among them.On Tuesday, district education officer (secondary) Darshan Kaur Mahiya visited the school to record the statement of students, who were meted out this punishment, known as being made 'murga,' by the school principal.Talking to TOI, Mahiya said that the students blamed the school principal for it. She said that the photograph of squatting girls was sent by someone to the deputy commissioner, who had forwarded them to her for carrying out investigation.\"I found that the school staff used to punish young girls in this way and subjected them to other corporal punishments also,\" Mahiya said adding that she had sent her report to the deputy commissioner.She also informed that a few parents of the girls had also met her lodging similar complaints about the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12077574", "title": "Nashik girl sets sights on London Olympics", "text": "NASHIK: Having spent three months at Eldoret in Kenya, it was a stopover in Nashik for the local girl and long-distance runner, Kavita Raut. Having already tasted success at the Commonwealth Games in Delhi-winning the bronze medal in the 10-km run-and the Asian Games-silver in 10-km and bronze in 5-km-the next big stage for Kavita is London Olympics.\"The qualifying rounds for Indian athletes start in April. We are taking part in three-four European championships. In 10-km, the qualification should not pose a problem, as there is less competition. In 5-km, some competition is expected. But still Preeja (Sreedharan, who along with O P Jaisha and Sudha Singh trained in Kenya) and me being the Asian medal winners, we will mostly be on the flight to London,\" says Kavita.Kavita, who has been training in Kenya along with her all of other teammates, said the stint there has been of great help. \"We were made to run along with the Kenyans, who are considered the best in long distance running,\" she says. Also, the terrain with more hills and hillocks and the high altitude running helps in improving stamina, she reckons.\"I am feeling more confident now as my timing has improved. The stamina too has shown improvement. But the important benefit is we are closely watching the techniques of the Kenyans. They start slow but in the later part particularly in the last kilometre or so, they increase the speed gradually and in the last 150 meters or so they sprint. It helps them retain their energy and stamina until the very last,\" she says about her training regimen.The 26-year- old tribal girl who still lives at Savarpada village is a find of SAI coach Veejendra Singh. She began her athletic career in 2001 at the Nashik Athletic SAI Centre at the Bhonsala Military School and soon hogged the limelight by winning almost every state and national event.\"From the very beginning I realized that Kavita has a good running technique required for long-distance runners and having lived in the village, she did all the household chores. Such things have improved her stamina,\" says coach Veejendra Singh.As she gets ready to fly to Europe for the event, which will be keenly followed, coach Veejendra is confident that his ward is only going to get better. \"Take my word, she will be there in London in both 10-km and 5-km events,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12077881", "title": "Amend Art 371, not seeking special status for Goa: Congress MP Shantaram Naik", "text": "PANAJI: A day after Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee ruled out 'special status' for Goa, its chief advocate Congress MP Shantaram Naik clarified the state wanted an amendment to Article 371 and not special status.\"Goa has demanded an amendment to article 371 of the Constitution so that the state's land resources can be preserved,\" he said. \"This special category is required so that foreigners do not monopolise our villages by buying land here,\" the MP said.The 'clarification' followed Mukherjee's statement made while on a campaign tour in Goa on Monday. The minister said the National Development Council had decided not to give special status to any more states in the country.BJP chief Nitin Gadkari meanwhile accused the Goa Congress of \"lying to the people\" since there was \"no provision in the Constitution for special status\".In 2008, BJP MLA Francis D'Souza and Congress MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco had moved a motion in the state assembly seeking special status \"on the lines of Mizoram, Himachal and Uttaranchal... for regulating ownership and transfer of land...\"The Goa legislative assembly then passed a unanimous resolution asking the state government to take up the issue with the Centre.Congress president Sonia Gandhi, campaigning for Lok Sabha elections in 2009, had promised that Goa would be granted special status if the Congress came to power at the Centre. On February 25, Gandhi returned to Goa to campaign for the assembly polls but made no mention of special status. The issue also does not figure on in Congress' election manifesto.Matanhy Saldanha, who is leading Goa's movement for 'special status', recently joined the BJP and is contesting on a party ticket. The BJP manifesto too makes no mention of the matter. Asked about it, Saldanha had said, \"The BJP has already approved the demand for special status.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kakarapalli (srikakulam)", "code": "12077460", "title": "Kakarapalli police firing: 1st anniversary observed", "text": "KAKARAPALLI (SRIKAKULAM): Social activists and political leaders called on the anti-power plant protesters to concentrate on legal battle against proposed 2640 MW East Coast Energy Private Limited (ECEPL).People on Tuesday observed first anniversary of Kakarapalli police firing, in which three protesters were killed last year.The locals were disappointed when many social activists like Swami Agnivesh , Rajendra Singh (Rajasthan), Medha Patkar and Vandana Siva were didn't turn up for the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12078368", "title": "18 years after, babu accused of writing IAS examination for pal awaits fate", "text": "INDORE: The fate of a Madhya Pradesh-cadre IAS officer being tried for a curious case of alleged fraud has been hanging fire for over 18 years now. The case has been on a roller coaster all the way up to the Supreme Court from 1993 - while the officer, who was originally sacked in 1995, has been staying put in service.The IAS officer, Anupam Rajan, is director (women and child development). He is currently on deputation in UP as election officer. The case goes back to 1993, when the UPSC decided to probe an anonymous complaint addressed to its chairman.The complaint said that Rajan, who had secured the 52nd rank in the 1992 civil services examination and made it to the IAS, again appeared for the preliminary examination next year only to fraudulently get a friend, Ashraf Jamal, to clear the exam. Jamal, who had attempted the exam the year before had failed, while Rajan had sailed through.Both Jamal and Rajan are from Daltonganj in Bihar, and had studied at the Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi.The chargesheet filed by the CBI, which had probed the case, says the UPSC found that Rajan (roll No.169758) and Jamal (roll No.169757) swapped their answersheets. In fact, it was Rajan who wrote the elective sociology paper for Ashraf, the charge sheet added.When the results came, Jamal, who had failed the previous year was found to have cleared it, while Rajan, who had previously secured the 52nd all-India rank, failed. The UPSC also found that the roll numbers on the answersheets of both showed obliterations.The UPSC had handed the probe to the CBI in 1995. After the agency filed its chargesheet against the IAS officer and his friend, the government terminated the services of Rajan. But the officer soon obtained a stay on it from the Central Administrative Tribunal ( CAT) in Jabalpur.The CBI had framed charges in the trial court on July 6, 1999, under Section 120-B, read with Sections 420, 468 and 471 of IPC.Rajan then moved the Delhi High Court seeking a stay on the trial court proceedings, and his discharge from the case. The High Court ordered on May 18, 2011: \"Considering the fact that the case has been hanging fire since the year 1999 and the trial has been stayed......the trail should now proceed without any delay whatsoever and conclude at the earliest, preferably within the next six months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12075920", "title": "CLP meeting turns stormy as MLAs question Gehlot, ministers", "text": "JAIPUR: The Congress legislative party (CLP) meeting on Tuesday witnessed some stormy scenes when legislators Sonaram Chaudhary and Karan Singh Rathore got into heated arguments with each other over the issue of public representatives going unheard by the ministers and the chief minister.Chaudhary, the Baytoo (Barmer) legislator, was making a scathing attack on the ministers and the bureaucrats for ignoring the legislators and other public representatives when Chhabra legislator Rathore accused him of being a 'habitual criticizer' and asked him to sit down. Chaudhary had mentioned about how the ruling party's prospects looked bleak for the 2013 assembly elections due to continued neglect of the public representatives.\"It is serious that a junior legislator like Rathore should have misbehaved with me in the presence of the chief minister. I shall complain to AICC president Sonia Gandhi ,\" the Baytoo legislator later told reporters.Legislators Sharwan Kumar (Surajgarh, Jhunjhunu) and Udai Lal Aanjana (Nimbahera, Chittorgarh) also raised questions on the style of functioning of the ministers and the chief minister, said sources. Kumar made a direct attack on chief minister Gehlot for concentrating all administrative powers in him, sources said. The Surajgarh legislator is believed to have pointed out how the chief minister was holding key portfolios like finance, planning, home and department of personnel that directly affect the people, and still doing hardly anything to provide relief to the residents. Kumar is said to have even defended the ministers saying they were facing flak for the chief minister's faults, said sources.Nimbahera legislator Aanjana was so upset on being interrupted while he was speaking that he decided to leave the meeting midway, said eyewitnesses. The legislator even assailed party chief whip Raghu Sharma for consuming most of the meeting time by making a long speech. Aanjana was, however, persuaded to stay in the meeting by industries ministers Rajendra Pareek.Taking a note of the regular complaints of the legislators, chief minister Gehlot later assured them of holding personal meetings with them at the district levels on a regular basis. The issue of ministers and bureaucrats allegedly giving a cold shoulder to even public representatives from the ruling party has been consistently raised at the organisational level on several occasions in the past over six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080721", "title": "Jyotsna turns composer", "text": "Singer Jyotsna is treading on new terrain.She is making her debut as a composer in an upcoming meditation album of her's. \"The album, which comprises slokas in Sanskrit has been set to new age music, and aims to encourage the young to take up the ancient slokas,\" she says. Jyotsna has composed four tracks in the album. The rest have been composed by Chennai-based musician Suryanarayanan. In order to get the Sanskrit pronunciation right, she consulted a melshanti, she reveals. The album will be released by the end of March. Jyotsna has lent her voice to music in three upcoming Malayalam movies - Mayamohini, Mullamottum Munthiricharum and My Boss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077463", "title": "Trade union strike hits defence production in city", "text": "NAGPUR: The all-India trade union strike not only derailed banking services but also took a major toll on defence production in the city. However, state government offices including courts and local bodies like NMC and NIT were not affected at all. A number of central government offices remained open too.For first time in recent past, Ordnance Factory at Ambhajhari, which makes artillery shells as well as the latest Pinaka rockets, was closed for the day. This factory makes almost 600 shells of different calibers including those of 155 mm fired through Bofors guns, apart from dispatching 24 Pinaka rockets each day. This was all held up due to strike. Meanwhile at RBI here, the officer cadre scrambled to ensure that the interest due to several states on this day was paid in time so as to prevent the government coughing up a penalty of nearly Rs 100 crore.There have been strikes earlier in the OF, however, it did not have the support of all the unions at the same time. On Tuesday, it was total, said Bandu Tidke, president of Ayudh Nirmani Mazdoor Sangh, a union affiliated to Bhartiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS). \"Over 3000 workers blockaded the factory gates. Unions backed by both right and left wing parties participated in the strike and not a single worker reported to work. Never before the response was so massive,\" added M M Rangdale, executive committee member of ANS.This was also confirmed by S S Deshmukh, working president of Ordnance Factory Karmachari Union. Police said there was some stone-pelting at the gates in the morning and in afternoon to prevent workers from going in. This led to deployment of a big contingent of police at the gates. A strike was reported in other OFs too.OF workers had added demand of hike in night duty allowances and bringing piece-rate incentives at par with Sixth Pay panel levels.At RBI, the officers remained present even as clerical and Class IV employees went on strike. It was on the very day that interest on government securities was due to over 25 states. \"The officers ensured it was paid in time and penalty avoided,\" said the spokesperson at RBI Nagpur. A source in the RBI said almost 25,000 cheques valued at close to Rs 300 crore were held up on Tuesday. People coming to pay taxes were turned back at RBI gate. \"If I don't pay the luxury tax today, we will be charged a penalty,\" said representative of a hotel in the city who had come to RBI.President of All India Reserve Bank of India Employees Association Bidyut Chakraborty said the strike was total in clerical and the lower level cadre, hampering functions like collection of challans and clearing of cheques. Even as the strike was total in the public sector banks and Life Insurance Corporation, there was mixed response in the other central government offices. The state government departments remained open.The income tax department was closed but central excise office just next to it worked normally. The AG office also remained open. Among the PSUs, strike had a partial effect in Western Coalfields Ltd.The General Post Office (GPO) was open but those engaged in mail delivery service shunned work. S R Bhagwat of Motor Mail Service union said almost 2,000 bags of mail are dispatched each day. The striking bankers had an unexpected support from one of the trade associations, Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT). B C Bhartia president of CAIT said the association supported the agitation as the government's policies especially related to FDI are hurting the traders too. However, Nilesh Suchak Nag Vidarbha Chamber of Commerce condemned the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12077531", "title": "Cops arrest kingpin in flesh trade racket", "text": "NIZAMABAD: An organized sex racket was busted with the arrest of a woman, who was luring innocent girls and sending them to Hyderabad from Nizamabad district. A total of 27 girls fell prey to the tactics of the accused woman, Gunnabai, who was operating her racket with the help of a Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen leader.Sources said a team of intelligence police went to Falaknuma area in the Old City of Hyderabad and conducted enquiries based on a complaint lodged by one girl Nazima, who was one of the victims of Gunnabai.Sources said Nazima, who escaped from the clutches of the sex racket, approached the police two and a half months ago. The accused woman was running a catering centre in Namdevwada area in Nizamabad and luring young women and girls with the promise of providing jobs at her catering centre.Nazima was later convinced to go to Hyderabad with a higher pay. \"There was no catering job in Hyderabad and innocent girls were forced into flesh trade by this well established sex racket gang. Nazima escaped from the spot and told us as how several girls were forced into prostitution,\" a police officer said. The ring leader was luring girls through agents from Malapalli in Nizamabad, Bodhan and Navipet mandals.The accused woman was running a catering centre in Namdevwada area in Nizamabad and luring young women and girls with the promise of providing jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12078492", "title": "BMHRC nurses firm on indefinite strike", "text": "BHOPAL: Unconvinced by the assurances given by the management to them, the nursing staff body at the Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC) decided to go ahead with the indefinite strike from March 1 indicating that the health services at super specialty for the gas victims will be paralyzed.In addition, the nurses association of BHMRC also moved the Supreme Court, where the hearing on the issue is listed for Wednesday.Speaking to TOI, secretary of the nurses association, Mayjo Varghese said, \"We would wait for the outcome of the hearing on Wednesday. If the outcome is positive, we might reconsider our decision to go on indefinite strike.\" The nurses association first served a notice for a proposed strike on January 31.\"Our ultimatum expired on February 21 and none of the assurance on the part of the government is satisfactory,\" added Varghese. The senior officials of the department of health research (DHR) were in Bhopal earlier this week and were trying to sort out the issues related to implementation of the Sixth Pay Commission and other demands of the employees of BHMRC.However, the BHMRC management reportedly tried to persuade the nurses association not to go on strike. Sources said that with a split in different employees associations, the BHMRC management expected to overcome the crisis.The nurses association is also claiming the support of paramedical staff in the proposed strike. \"The regret is that Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR), like the department of atomic energy failed to meet our demands and assurances would no longer be sufficient,\" said a BMHRC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12077638", "title": "Re-laying of roads to begin next week, promises PWD", "text": "KOCHI: There's some good news for motorists and commuters. The PWD will start re-laying major roads in the city within a week.The tender procedures for asphalting around half a dozen roads have been completed and the department has drawn up agreements with contractors for re-laying these roads. Tenders have been called for work on MG Road and Kakkanad-Palarivattom Road, and would be completed soon.Next week, the work on re-laying the Guest House-BTH stretch, Shanmugham Road, Foreshore Road and High Court Road will begin. \"There won't be any delay in starting this work. And it will be completed well ahead of the monsoons,\" a PWD official said.The government has already allotted Rs 10 crore for re-laying the Kakkanad-Palarivattom Road. The money is for repairing the stretch from Palarivattom junction to Manakkakadavu, near Veegaland, under the performance guarantee scheme. MG Road has been allotted Rs 6 crore.\"The work on MG Road and Kakkanad-Palarivattom Road can be started once the tender committee approves the cost quoted by contractors. In the case of MG Road the money quoted is 25% above the tender amount; it is around 30% in the case of Kakkanad-Palarivattom Road,\" the PWD official said.But there are doubts if the work will get over before the monsoon begins even if the tender committee, which is to meet mid-March, gives its nod. The work on 14 roads under the Kochi Corporation is also awaiting clearance from the tender committee.It has been two months since the tenders were sent to the tender committee, but the approval hasn't come so far. According to PWD officials, it is the high cost escalation that has prevented the tender committee from giving its nod. In the case of corporation roads, there is up to 35% cost escalation. There are also plans to repair the Mattanchery Bridge using non-plan funds. It was being used by motorcyclists, but was closed last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12078126", "title": "HC upholds life term for man who killed wife", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Tuesday upheld the life sentence imposed on a differently-abled person by a Tuticorin court for killing his wife. The accused poured kerosene on her and then set her afire.In 2005, the accused Suresh married Sumathi and they were staying at Narayanachetti Street in Tuticorin. The two used to quarrel frequently. On September 12, 2008, their three-year-old son was taken away by Sumathi's mother to her house, nearby. At around 6pm that day, neighbours heard Sumathi shriek. They rushed in and saw her in flames. When Sumathi was admitted with 60 percent burns at a private hospital, she gave a statement to a head constable of Tuticorin north police that she sustained severe injuries on account of a fire accident. However, in her dying declaration to the judicial magistrate, she clearly stated that her husband set her on fire.In 2011, a trial court at Tuticorin sentenced Suresh to life imprisonment. Suresh then preferred an appeal in the Madurai bench against the trial court order. He contended that while preparing tea in the kitchen for him, she suffered burns on account of an accidental fire.Rejecting his contention, the bench comprising Justices N Paul Vasanthakumar and P Devadass said that in that house, Suresh was also present. with Sumathi.But he did not take any efforts to put out the fire. He was physically handicapped and had 40% disability and was into auctioning fish in the Tuticorin port. Although he could not walk fast, he could have saved or attempted to save her. However, he did not sustain any burn injury. He also did not say that he attempted to prevent any burn injury. He also did not say that he attempted to save his wife...she had tried to save herself.Confirming the sentence of the trial court and stating that the prosecution had clearly established the case, the judges also said, \"In the normal circumstances, in a situation like this, if a husband was available in the house, he will go to the rescue of his wife. But in this case, no such attempt was made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078637", "title": "Govt moots new land acquisition norms for coastal areas", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government seems to have finally hit upon the idea of trading in scarce land as equity for slum redevelopment in areas governed by coastal regulation zone (CRZ) norms.S Zende-Patil , chief executive officer of the Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA), proposed to the government to use land and floor space index ( FSI) of 3 offered for shanty redevelopment as its \"equity\" .Currently, for a slum redevelopment scheme, the developer has to pay 25% of the ready reckoner rate as premium for the encroached land.Former union environment minister Jairam Ramesh while allowing slum redevelopment in areas falling under CRZ regulations had made it mandatory for a 51% government stake in the overhaul in such areas. This was to ensure that the larger public good in the form of affordable housing was served. Ramesh was categorical that the decision must not result in \"profiteering\" for the developer.\"We have proposed that in return for its investment , the developer must give the government 51% of the saleable component in the form of small flats measuring 450 sq ft,\" Zende-Patil said.\"The purpose is to house the low-income and middle-income groups in the city. The flats will be given to Mhada to sell at its rates,\" he added. The cost of land will be decided on the basis of the ready reckoner rate. \"These rates are announced every year and vary across the city. We are aware that unless there is a reasonable profit to be made, no developer will come forward. Therefore, we have now put forward the scheme for discussion,\" Zende-Patil said.Once the land cost is fixed, the expense for rehabilitation , hidden costs such as payment to slumdwellers for consent, money paid for approvals, interest paid by the developer on money invested, it will be easy to compute the profits that a project will generate, sources said.\"Currently, the minimum profit for an SRA project is in the range between 36% and 40%. Hence there is a strong builder's lobby in favour of slum redevelopment ,\" a source said.The areas under CRZ norms stretch from Colaba to Dahisar in the western suburbs and up to Mulund in the central suburbs, Chembur and Mankhurd in the eastern suburbs. According to an SRA survey there are around 300 slums in these areas.\"The city can be divided into 6-8 zones and the profit potential of each zone worked out. The government's turnover must be a fixed percentage of the profit in that zone. It may vary from 20% to 40% from Nepean Sea Road to Mulund,\" G D Chiplunkar, consultant (urban planning ), said.\"It will be viable provided the state takes into consideration risks involved,\" said Kiran Hemani, secretary of the Slum Redevelopers' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12077155", "title": "Another farmer kills self in Burdwan", "text": "BURDWAN: Debt led yet another farmer to commit suicide in Barampur village under Memari police station on Monday. Bhagirath Khetrapal, 35, drank pesticide on Sunday evening. He was taken to Burdwan Medical College Hospital where he died on Monday. a sharecropper of Barampur village under Memari Police Station area comitted suicide by consuming pesticide allegedly due to agricultural debt.Khetrapal had taken loan from local mahajans for cultivating chilly, potato and cauliflower. Earlier, he had cultivated paddy on three bighas of land as a sharecropper, after taking loan from the market at high interest rates, alleged his widow Anima. The deceased, who also worked as a daily wage labourer, had been depressed for quite some time. The anxiety of not being able to pay the previous loan and the burden of the new loan drove him to suicide.Khetrapal is survived by his wife, two sons and a daughter. Burdwan SDO Pradip Acharya said, \"Prima facie it seems that he committed suicide due to family feud. I am waiting for a report from the Memari BDO.\" But Acharya admitted that the victim had dues in the market.Barely two weeks ago, Madhav Santra (40), a share cropper, committed suicide allegedly due to debt at Nouhati village under Memari Police Station area. In Memari's Rajpur village, Amiya Saha, a potato farmer committed suicide on December 31. But the Burdwan district administration brushed aside allegations that these two suicides were triggered by debt.District secretary of CPM Amal Halder said that the Trinamool government did not feel for the farmers. \"It is after instructions from the government that the district administration wants to hush up incidents of farmer suicide that have happened in the past nine months,\" Halder alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "candigarh", "code": "12078531", "title": "Punjab to decide on Boparai's criminal liability in two weeks time", "text": "CANDIGARH: In the case pertaining to anomalies in the recruitment process in Punjabi University, Patiala, the additional advocate general of Punjab, on Tuesday, told the Punjab and Haryana high court that the state government would take a final decision on the criminal liability of former vice-chancellor of the university, S S Boparai in two weeks time.A public interest litigation (PIL) was filed by Santosh Kumari and four other unemployed lecturers, seeking directions to the Punjabi University to review the selections and appointments made by Boparai during his tenure as vice-chancellor from August 2001 to November 2007.The counsel of Punjab government told the division bench comprising chief justice Ranjan Gogoi and justice Mahesh Grover that the decision of March 12, 2010, saying that no criminal offence against Boparai was made out, was a tentative decision of the administrative department.It added that the competent authority of the state government shall take a final decision within two weeks from Tuesday on the issue of determination of criminal liability of Boparai in regard to making over 400 appointments to various posts in the university on ad-hoc or contract basis -- from the time period between August 2001 to November 2007 -- without inviting applications from all eligible persons through open advertisement.The counsel for Punjabi University told the court that the university is facing difficulties in making regular appointments due to paucity of funds since the Punjab government was not releasing grants.The division bench has also directed the university to give information regarding the number of contractual appointments made by Boparai and the timeframe for making regular appointments to all teaching and non-teaching posts that are yet to be filled.The next date of hearing has been fixed for March 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078522", "title": "Plan B for Victoria dock revamp", "text": "MUMBAI: If an experts' panel is to be believed, the new terminal meant for loading and offloading of containers, which is coming up near Victoria Dock, is a money-losing proposition. The Mumbai Docklands Regeneration Forum, a citizens' group comprising activists, urban planners and naval experts, has warned the Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT) that its on-going project at Mazgaon is bound to fail. The members met the port chairman Rajeev Gupta last week and offered an alternative concept plan, which envisages the use of the new jetty-being built for the terminal-for cruise liners and the adjoining areas to park private yachts and boats-usually left haphazardly off the Gateway of India-rather than using them for containers. Their arguments is that the topography of the area is such that even after dredging, a few monsoons later, the depth of the sea will decrease and that will ground the containers.However, port authorities have defended the project, stating it was an essential requirement to meet the infrastructure gap. Union shipping minister G K Vasan, in a letter to south Mumbai MP Milind Deora in 2009, had said the Prince's and Victoria docks had outlived their utility and were now suited only as a stack yard for containers for the proposed project. \"The apprehension that it will lead to congestion in the city is unfounded as only 14% of the port's total cargo, more than half of which is for the city's consumption , use the city roads. Rest of the cargo is moved through pipelines, rail and waterways, without using the city infrastructure,\" he said.In November 2007, the Centre approved the new container terminal's plan. Following that, MbPT signed an agreement with ICTPL, a joint venture of Gammon India and Dragados of Spain , to execute the project by December 2010. The terminal is designed to have a 1,050-m-long jetty off Victoria Dock. The port trust's task includes capital and maintenance dredging, filling up of Prince's and Victoria docks to create the container stack yard, and a railway siding. But for the past four years, the forum has been opposing the project , citing the traffic congestion the containers will create in the city. \"We suggested to the MbPT that the original concept is flawed. An alternative use for the new jetty be considered even though it will entail some expenditure to dredge the P &amp; V docks filled partially with sand, silt and rubble,\" said retired Vice-Admiral and forum member I C Rao.The forum has suggested that the jetty be converted into a \"much-needed terminal for cruise ship, passenger ferries and water transport system.\" \"The Prince's dock can be used as a marina for yachts and sailing boats,Merewether Dry Dock should revert to a ship repair unit and Victoria Dock be used to berth offshore vessels, coast guard vessels and coastal shipping. The dock sides must be opened for recreation, water sports and a promenade,\" said Rao. In April 2009, the port awarded a Rs 380-crore dredging contract to Jaisu Shipping to fill the P &amp; V Docks, which was to finish work by April 1, 2011. But, the forum said, till this month, the contractor had barely finished 50% of the job. After levying a Rs 38-crore fine, the port trust has set a new deadline for September 2012.Last year, a dossier prepared by the forum titled, A container terminal for Mumbai port in the 21st century? A flawed project' , said dredging till 16 m off Cross Island was not viable. \"Even if it is done, today's main line container vessels need a depth of 19 m. Siltation after the first few monsoons will halve the depth at the berth to 8m and ground the ships,\" it stated. The project involves filling up of the two docks and creation of 55 acre land mass in the sea. The land mass will add up to 350 acre.Urban planners fear if the project fails, the land will be opened for property development. NCP chief Sharad Pawar had supported MbPT's plan, despite the state's objections. Even then Union environment minister Jairam Ramesh had written to the shipping ministry that \"constructing a container terminal in the heart of Mumbai does not appear to be a wise move from the point of view of decongesting Mumbai or improving its ecological condition\" .However, an alternative proposal could be that the Mumbai port must regenerate the docks to create marinas, parks, waterfront promenades and other green areas New jetty can be used for cruise liners Adjoining areas can be used to park private yachts and boats A passenger ferry terminal can be built A centre for performing arts and tourist facilities can also come up The revenue from the socially and environmentally appropriate tourism and leisure activities will be worth far more for the MbPT and to the city than a container terminal that will be a drain on its resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12077983", "title": "Politicians seek sporting route", "text": "PANAJI: The forthcoming state assembly elections will witness quite a few sportsmen throwing their hat in the ring for the first time as they take on political heavyweights already associated with sports bodies and flaunting that association to further their end.Sports and politics have always been bonded like Siamese twins, and it is testimony to the evolving sporting culture that today's politicians are exploiting this link exceptionally well in Goa where sports and politics have remained almost inseparable.The latest entrant in the fray include former Salgaocar and MRF goalkeeper Avertano Furtado, who incidentally is taking on the might of strongman Churchill Alemao, someone who is synonymous with football-thanks to Churchill Brothers Sports Club-not just in the country but even beyond Indian shores.Furtado is not alone. Benjamin D'Silva, attempting to win a ticket to the state assembly from the Velim constituency, was a midfielder of repute while donning colours for Salcete Football Club and is now also the executive committee member of the Goa Football Association. Then there is Glen Ticlo, BJP's Catholic face in Aldona. He may be known across the state as a successful businessman, but in his teens Ticlo was a talented footballer who represented the state at the junior Nationals before giving up on the beautiful game.In Canacona constituency, the main candidates are deeply rooted into sports. Sitting BJP MLA Ramesh Tawadkar was a physical education teacher at Shradanand Vidyalaya in Poinguinim before he took a plunge into politics. He was also a good hand at kabaddi, while his Congress rival, Isidore Fernandes, represented the state at the Santosh Trophy and was an accomplished footballer who made a name for himself while playing for Don Bosco Oratory and Vasco Sports Club in the 1970s.Chief minister Digambar Kamat's exploits in badminton needs no reminding while it is common knowledge that home minister Ravi Naik was among the better volleyball spikers who turned up for Jawahar Club in Ponda.Transport minister Ramkrishna Dhavlikar alias Sudin still owns the bat with which he cut rival bowlers to size while turning up for Bandora Youth Club. He still flaunts his batting skills during local friendlies, or when stepping up alongside journalists.Rajesh Patnekar, who ditched BJP for the Congress ticket in Bicholim, also gave several cricketers a run for their money and a place in the Bicholim Cricket Club.Several politicians, too, have jumped piggy-back on local clubs or state associations to get a toe-hold. Subhash Shirodkar was chief of Shiroda Youth Club before becoming a member of the legislative assembly and then occupying the top post in the Goa Olympic Association. Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco first took over St Anthony's Club, Colva, was then encouraged to form Fransa-Pax Football Club and even made an audacious bid to become president of the Goa Football Association.Many others have not missed the sporting trick and have got elected to head sports bodies to enhance their political reputations.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078537", "title": "Ex-CMs face heat over interim report", "text": "MUMBAI: The crucial interim report on the multi-crore Adarsh Cooperative Housing Society scam, involving leading politicians, bureaucrats and defence personnel, is expected to decide the political fate of former chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh , Sushilkumar Shinde and Ashok Chavan.In response to an application submitted by the state government , the inquiry commission that is investigating the multi-crore scam has agreed to submit an interim report on the ownership of land and whether there was a reservation for Kargil war heroes.In case the commission submits that the land belongs to the state and there was no reservation for the war heroes, there would be no trouble for the trio. However, if it states that the land belongs to the ministry of defence and there was a reservation, Deshmukh, Shinde and Chavan could face a crisis situation. While Deshmukh and Shinde are making all possible efforts to return to state politics, Ashok Chavan is said to have lamented that he had to quit for a minor mistake, without being given an opportunity to explain himself.In the wake of a series of reports in TOI, the Centre had entrusted the land scam probe to the CBI. CM Prithviraj Chavan had set up a commission to probe the scam from all aspects , especially in terms of the land title and reservation. The CBI had already filed criminal cases against Ashok Chavan , the then municipal commissioner J M Phatak, former urban development secretary Ramanand Tiwari and former principal secretary to CM, Subhash Lalla. The CBI has recorded the statements of Deshmukh , Shinde, Ashok Chavan and over a dozen bureaucrats and defence officials in the case.Following a notice sent by the commission, Deshmukh, Shinde and Ashok Chavan denied their role in the scam and blamed babus of the revenue and urban development departments for allotment of land and a no-objection certification from the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).Prithviraj Chavan expected the commission to submit an interim report on the ownership of land and reservation for Kargil heroes. However, when it failed to do so, the government submitted an official application to seek an interim report. \"We expect a debate on the multi-crore Adarsh scam during the ensuing budget session of the state legislature. Therefore, we have urged that it submits an interim report,'' a senior bureaucrat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12076085", "title": "NCPCR team in state to take stock of child labour menace", "text": "JAIPUR: A team from the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) is currently visiting the state capital for investigating into problem of child labour in mines and brick kilns. The team would also travel to Udaipur for inspecting schools and Anganwadi centres.The NCPCR visit comes after TOI had on February 9 reported that women labourers give opium to infants to keep them quiet while working. The report, based on a study by Voluntary Association of Agriculture General Development, Health and Reconstruction Alliance ( VAAGDHARA) and Plan India, claimed that women working in mining or stone crushing units often give opium to their infants to keep them quiet while they are working.\"Many women bring their infants to the work site if they have no other childcare arrangement. It is not uncommon for mothers to give their infants opium to keep them quiet while they are working. Thus, addiction starts early and becomes a way of life,\" the report said. The report also claimed that in the mining or stone sector, children start working at the age of 10-12 years, before that they are just not strong enough to carry heavy loads. Initially, they work as helpers, removing scrap and rubble, and gradually learn the tasks of making holes, and breaking and removing big slabs and rocks.According to sources Dr Yogesh Dube, member, NCPCR, is in the state for verification of problems faced by children in mines, brick kilns and stone crushing units. Dr Dube will be meeting NGO representatives working on child labour in mines, brick kilns. During the visit, he will also be inspecting schools, Anganwadi centres and observation homes in the district of Udaipur.On February 28, he is slated to meet the labour secretary, mines, education, home, health, and family welfare and discussing the situation of child labour. \"We are conducting a field visit to check the problem of child labour in mines, brick kilns and stone crushing units. We will be taking necessary action to correct the situation following the visit,'' said Dr Dube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "p gannavaram (east godavari)", "code": "12077491", "title": "2 kids die as school bus plunges into canal in E Godavari", "text": "P GANNAVARAM (EAST GODAVARI): Two students died and six others reportedly went missing when the school bus in which they were travelling plunged into a canal at Ganti Pedapudi village in P Gannavaram mandal in East Godavari district on Tuesday evening. East Godavari collector Neethu Prasad said that two had died in the mishap.The mini bus was carrying 25 LKG and UKG students at the time of the mishap. Fifteen children were rescued by the local people. But police were not clear as to how many children were in the bus when it rolled into the canal. The driver fled from the spot. Search operations are on for the missing children.The accident occurred around 5.15 pm at Ganti Pedapudi, 6 km from here, when the children of Sai Teja Public School were returning home. Sources said the bus fell into the canal when the driver was reversing it to make way for a lorry on the narrow culvert. \"He could not control the vehicle, which plunged into the waters,\" a police official said.Local residents rushed to the accident spot and brought out 15 children. Nine of the injured children were rushed to a private hospital in Amalapuram. Later, the district authorities and police fished out two bodies and the bus from the canal. The victims were identified as Dasireddy Bindu Madhavi, fourth standard, and Rohit, fifth standard student.Expert swimmers from Rajahmundry and Kakinada were requisitioned for search operations. Due to darkness and heavy flow of water in the canal, the rescue operations were hampered. The authorities sought the help of local fishermen, who tied fishing nets at the Gannavaram main irrigation canal at Mondepulanka to stop the missing children from being washed away. Aggrieved parents of some of the students reached the mishap site, 65 km from Rajahmundry. With locals from nearby villages rushing to the spot, traffic movement was affected .\"The villagers rescued 15 children and brought out two bodies. Since no more parents have come forward searching for their children till now, we assume there were no more children in the bus since the driver had dropped some of them mid-way,\" a revenue officer, overseeing the rescue operations, said. But locals said there could be 5-6 students when the bus plunged into the canal.Sources said the buses of the private schools were not in proper condition. The authorities had seized one of the four buses of the school for bad maintenance six months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12076611", "title": "1.5 lakh Goan workers participate in nationwide strike", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's participation in the nationwide strike by trade unions and bank unions on Tuesday was successful, as a majority of workers in the state kept away from work.Eleven major trade unions along with banking federations and other independent organizations participated in the strike.\"This has been a historic strike with a large turnout throughout the country. The working class in Goa has not been left behind,\" said AITUC general secretary Christopher Fonseca. Fonseca said 1.5 lakh Goan workers were part of the strike.All nationalized banks, insurance and other financial institutions, post department, port and dock in the state remained closed. Most industrial estates including those at Bethora and Kundaim remained closed along with large industrial units at Zuarinagar, Vasco and Cuncolim. Mining workers also stayed away from work. Electricity employees union held a protest demonstration near the Vidhyut Bhawan in the city. \"The strike was held to protest the neo-liberal policies of the government,\" Fonseca said. The trade unions are demanding abolition of contract labour, amendment of minimum wages act and a minimum wage of 10,000 per month, assured pension for all, roll back in prices of petrol, diesel and LPG, stop on sale of profit making PSUs, stopping of job losses and retrenchments among other demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077944", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority to get new chief, again", "text": "HYDERABAD: A week after appointing IAS officer J Shyamala Rao (1997 batch) as commissioner of the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) in place of Rajeshwar Tiwari (1986 batch), the Kiran Kumar Reddy government has done an about turn. A terse GO issued on Tuesday gave the charge of HMDA to GHMC Commissioner M T Krishna Babu (1993 batch). Tiwari is scheduled to hand over the charge to Krishna Babu on Wednesday while Shyamala Rao would go back to his earlier posting as managing director of AP Health, Medical Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation.According to sources, Shyamala Rao's posting as HMDA chief was opposed by many in the IAS fraternity, including officials in the chief minister's office (CMO), on the grounds that he was a junior officer of the rank of additional secretary while as per the HMDA Act, 2008, the top post can be held only by officers of the rank of special chief secretary, principal secretary or secretary.Shyamala Rao, who has put in a little less than three years in the state after his inter-service transfer to AP from Assam-Meghalaya cadre, is slated to be promoted to the rank of secretary in a few months. Initially, the state government wanted to downgrade the post of HMDA commissioner so that the junior officer could fit in. But following protests, it decided to give the charge to Krishna Babu who is of secretary rank.\"The post of HMDA commissioner has to be handled by a senior officer as he has to coordinate between five collectors (whose districts fall under HMDA jurisdiction), the GHMC commissioner and the Hyderabad water board chief. Besides, the CM is the HMDA chairman and its board comprises the chief secretary and other department heads such as the principal secretaries of revenue, finance, industries and commerce, panchayat raj, roads and buildings, transport and home as well as officials of APTransco, APSRTC and South Central Railway. It is for these reasons that a senior officer needs to head HMDA,\" said a source.Times ViewAs in the past, the state government has displayed its callous approach in making key appointments. While only a senior officer can head the HMDA, the Kiran government bungled by appointing a junior officer as commissioner. It is hoped that a little more homework goes into finalising key bureaucratic postings in the state in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12070277", "title": "John Abraham in an LTTE film", "text": "Just when one thought John Abraham has left behind his experimental phase of \"No Smoking\" and \"Kabul Express\", the actor has agreed to work in \"Jaffna\", a political thriller about LTTE's activities in Sri Lanka.The film will be directed by Shoojit Sircar, who has just wrapped up the shooting of \" Vicky Donor\", which is his breezy satire on sperm donation, featuring veejay Ayushmaan in the lead. And John has co-produced the film.\"John is a politically aware actor. He reads the newspaper every morning, knows what's going on in the world. He is clued in to the dynamics of the separatist strife in Sri Lanka. The minute I told him about my film 'Jaffna', he was on board,\" said Sircar.John will produce \"Jaffna\" as well.Not willing to divulge too many details at the moment, Sircar says it's a political thriller set in the troubled violence-ridden city of Jaffna.John would be in and out of Sri Lanka in the coming months to get a hang of the political situation in the pretty little country.\"I am no stranger to themes of separatism and extremist violence. My first film 'Yahaan' was about Kashmiri separatism. And now 'Jaffna' would be carrying the theme of extremism to another extreme,\" said Sircar.Mani Ratnam's Tamil film \"Kannathil Muttumital\" with R. Madhavan in the lead is one of the notable films on the LTTE.\"But that was a love story set against the LTTE backdrop. My film is a political thriller,\" asserts Sircar.Though not willing to divulge too many details on John's character, the director hinted that the actor would require a great deal of preparation for his part.\"John believes in 'Jaffna', as much as he believes in 'Vicky Donor'. That's why he stepped in to produce both the projects. He saw the full film 'Vicky Donor' and was completely kicked by it. He thinks Ayushmaan is a star in the making. I can't deny Ayushmaan has given an absolutely natural performance and even composed a track, a love ballad, for 'Vicky Donor',\" said the director.\"We shot the film in Delhi, my hometown and Ayushmaan's. I know scores of films are shot in the capital. But I'd like to think I've captured Delhi like no one before,\" he added.John would be going all-out to generate awareness about sperm donation in the weeks preceding the release of \"Vicky Donor\". He will also be shooting a promotional video with Shoojit Sircar.\"It's not an item song, as reported in a section of the film. Please! 'Vickey Donor' is a humorous take on sperm donation. Where would an item song fit in? John is doing a promotional video on why sperm donation is not something to be giggled about behind closed doors,\" said Sircar, whose \" Johnny Mastana\" didn't find favours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076400", "title": "Locomotive snag delays CR services", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway suburban services were disrupted on Tuesday due to a technical failure in the Vidarbha Express locomotive minutes after its scheduled departure from Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) at 7.10pm.The failure occurred around 7.20pm between Masjid and Sandhurst Road stations. Fast trains in the Thane direction were affected. CR officials said another locomotive was sent but the failure in the original one was rectified and the train started at 8.20pm.Fast services were diverted to the slow track up to Byculla during that period, which resulted in \"bunching\" of trains, leading to a delay in services by 15-25 minutes. Two Badlapur locals and a Kasara local were stuck for more than an hour, CR officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12076633", "title": "Six die as bus falls into ditch", "text": "VARANASI: Six persons were killed while 18 others sustained serious injuries when a bus fell into a deep ditch near Lakhari village on Shahganj-Jaunpur Road in Jaunpur district on Monday night.After offering prayers at Vindhyachal, the pilgrims boarded the bus but when the bus reached near Lakhari village after midnight, the driver lost control on the steering.After hitting the boundary wall of a culvert and a tree, the bus fell into a deep ditch.The driver and conductor of the bus fled. The villagers started rescuing the injured passengers. On receiving information of the incident, police also reached the spot. Six passengers - identified as Ram Dayal (62), his wife Shobhavati (58), daughter Akanksha (14), Somavati (52), Akash (12) and Aman (3) - died on the spot. The police seized the bus. Meanwhile, in two other road accidents in Jaunpur, two were killed on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078534", "title": "Two of six city MPs attend CM\u2019s meet", "text": "MUMBAI: Only two out of the six members of Parliament (MPs) from Mumbai attended a meeting convened by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday. ' While about 35 MPs from across the stated were present for the discussion, the city was represented only by Sanjay Nirupam (Mumbai-North ) and Eknath Gaikwad (Mumbai South Central). The agenda for the meeting was to apprise the MPs of various problems involving state projects that are pending at the central level. The Chavan-led government wanted the MPs to raise their grievances or meet the officials concerned during the Budget session of Parliament. However, deviating from the main agenda , most MPs spent discussed roadblocks, problems and projects pending at the state level . Though a wish list of 57 projects pending at the central level was circulated, a senior official said most MPs did not refer to them at all.Among the Union government-related grievances raised , rail projects dominated the session. With railway minister Dinesh Trivedi expected to visit the city on March 2, ahead of the railway budget , some MPs were seen pushing for proposals in their constituencies . Gopinath Munde of the BJP demanded that the state increased its fund for rail plans from Rs 450 crore to Rs 1,000 crore in the state budget . The central norms prescribe that the state has to fund 50% of the expenditure for rail projects. \"An increase in the state outlay will boost the chances of improved financial help from the Centre,\" he said. On the sideline of the meeting, NCP's Supriya Sule told reporters that the \"response of the rail ministry towards matters concerning the state had been disappointing in the past three years\" .Munde also blamed the lack of coordination and unity among Union ministers from the state for \"lack of strong lobbying for the state\" . He attributed this as a reason for the \"lack of satisfactory response\" from the Centre. But even as he hinted that Munde was politicizing the matter, Nirupam demanded that the coastal regulation zone norms be relaxed and the slum-free-Mumbai plan be expedited . Gaikwad focussed on the Dharavi plan and the Indu Mills land dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12077741", "title": "Tender for drainage caught in red tape", "text": "KANNUR: The land filling and the blocking of drainage at Thayatheru locality for the construction of Kannur University's library complex and guest house has invited the wrath of the locals.They say that it would cause water logging in the area and make their lives miserable. Though the master plan for the Rs 110-crore project had envisaged a 4-metre-wide drainage at a cost of Rs 1.56 crore, the tender process is caught in red tape.The allegation is that the filling of the land for building construction would block the water flow as the drain is already choked leading to flooding especially in monsoon season.\"There was an old drain here. The contractors demolished it for the building construction, and the entire locality, which is basically a low-lying area, is being filled for the construction. This will affect the groundwater in the area,\" said K Damodaran, a resident of the locality.Following objection from the people, a group of people, mainly DYFI activists, opposed the land filling on Sunday and blockaded the area. \"If the drainage work is not finished in the next two-three months, we will not be able to live here, as the entire waste water from the city will flood the area. This is the only drain that carries the waste water to sea,\" said Rasheed C, another resident of the area, whose land has also been acquired by the university.Though there is a provision for the drain in the master plan, for some unknown reason, its work is yet to take off, said Roshni Khalid, the municipal councillor from the area. She said if the work of the drain were not done on time, it would affect the whole locality. She informed that the municipality has already taken up the issue with the university.A consultant with Salim Associates, the builder who prepared the master plan for the project, also agreed that the concern of the residents is justified.\"Though the university is planning a Rs 110-crore project in the locality on nearly 14 acres; they are not taking the drainage work seriously and in the coming monsoon, life may become miserable here,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12076134", "title": "Jain calm &amp; composed throughout hearing", "text": "JAIPUR: Since early morning on Tuesday, hundreds of policemen and lawyers waited outside the district and sessions court for the arrival of suspended additional director general of police A K Jain. When Jain finally appeared and came out of the police vehicle, some senior police officers saluted the man who headed them for so many years. Many of the policemen were also heard saying \"hello\" to the suspended officer who used to be their hero in working and style. Others who did not like his working, watched from behind.\"He was always supportive and cooperative towards his subordinates. Irrespective of his alleged involvement in the Dara Singh encounter case, we should co-operate with him while he is on the move of taking legal remedy,\" a policeman said.While Jain along with his counsels was appearing before the hearing, there were also whispers on his possible hideouts during the time he evaded the CBI. Some were guessing that Jain was provided shelter by some IPS officers while many claimed that he had gone abroad.After the court reserved its decision till Wednesday on whether he will be remanded in police or judicial custody, some of the junior rank police officers asked him of his well-being and were seen sympathizing with him.Throughout the court proceedings, Jain stayed calm and composed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078263", "title": "Boiler blasts at Vatva GIDC unit, 6 hurt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Six persons were injured in a boiler explosion at an industrial unit in Phase II of Vatva GIDC on Tuesday evening. It took two hours for a team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) to bring the raging flames under control.AFES officials received a call at 5.30 pm on Tuesday from Jay Organic, a unit manufacturing hair dye. One of the boilers in its drying unit blasted at high temperature and injured six persons around it. The fire soon spread to other parts and damaged other machineries.\"Considering the intensity of fire, we sent 17 vehicles including fire fighters and tankers to the spot along with ambulances. We first cordoned off the entire area and started cooling it with water jets. Our main task was to prevent the fire from spreading to other units. The flames were doused after two hours' operation. We shifted the injured including Paresh Patel, owner of the unit, to LG Hospital,\" said an AFES official.Officials said a delay of at least 15 minutes was caused by heavy traffic and bad road conditions while attending the call. \"We are repeatedly representing for construction of new fire station in the area for long but due to logistic and staff issues the station has not been materialized yetThe road condition around GIDC area which is fire-prone zone is also very bad, adding to our woes,\" said a senior AFES official.The fire officials had to attend to another call simultaneously at 5.45 pm. According to AFES officials, the call came from an electronic goods shop in Gheekanta. \"The shop reported fire after a suspected short-circuit in the wiring. The fire soon spread in the shop and injured Naresh Zala, an employee. As per the call details, Rs 25,000 cash was also gutted. We controlled the fire after an operation that lasted 45 minutes,\" said an AFES official.Will AFES get the fatal blow?The city fire brigade is already understaffed considering the vast geographic area it serves. In such a scenario, a sword is hanging on the staffers' heads. Eight years back, the Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) had recruited more than 200 volunteers on the lines of Vidhya Sahayaks and Lok Rakshak Jawans to help in their day-to-day activities. \"Recently, there has been a resolution where they will be appraised on various criteria. If the criteria will be followed, out of 200, around 40 per cent will be axed. While no new recruitment is in sight, it will greatly hamper the plans for setting up the new fire stations. We are awaiting the final decision in the matter that has been pending for a while now,\" said a volunteer with AFES.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "an ancient government policy has ensured a stranglehold on the indian sandalwood industry. in four decades, sandalwood production slumped from 4,000 tonne to 400 tonne a year, with restrictions clamped on the planting and felling of sandalwood. a decade ago, realizing that the industry was dying, the government relaxed some regulations, and encouraged farmers to plant sandalwood. gujarat, madhya pradesh and maharashtra are planting it in a big way. but farmers can look forward to little remuneration", "code": "12078008", "title": "Demise of sandalwood", "text": "An ancient government policy has ensured a stranglehold on the Indian sandalwood industry. In four decades, sandalwood production slumped from 4,000 tonne to 400 tonne a year, with restrictions clamped on the planting and felling of sandalwood. A decade ago, realizing that the industry was dying, the government relaxed some regulations, and encouraged farmers to plant sandalwood. Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra are planting it in a big way. But farmers can look forward to little remuneration: they can sell to three government agencies, which buy the wood at Rs 3,500 a kg, but sell it at over Rs 16,000 a kg. The risk of poaching is also high, which means a plantation needs 24x7 security. The lack of an open market for their produce makes the wood and its products exorbitant. In this scenario, Australia is emerging as the leader in the production of Indian sandalwood, a species under threat in its homeland.Around the globeGlobal production of sandalwood is about 4,000 tonne. Officially, India produces about 400 tonne; the unofficial figure is about 2,000 tonne, which is smuggled Australia produces about 1,800 tonne of the Australian variety; about 350 tonne comes from Timor, Malaysia, Cambodia, Vietnam, Thailand and Myanmar India, Indonesia major exporters; China and Taiwan are the largest consumers of sandalwood; USA and France are the largest importers of sandalwood oil The first commercial harvest of Santalum album from Australian plantations is likely in 2014 and estimated at about 400 tonne.Royal woodSandalwood, dubbed 'royal wood', is sought after for its fragrant oil, extracted from the core of the trunk called the heartwood, and the roots of the tree. The highly-priced oil is used in soaps, perfumes and beauty products, and the wood has multiple uses: for religious rituals, beauty treatment and in the pharma industry. With its fine grains and soft texture, sandalwood can be carved into handicrafts. Sandal grown in Mysore is said to be of the highest quality.Family treeThe two main species of sandalwood are Santalum album and Santalum spicatum. Santalum album is an important species commercially, and is found in India, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Malaysia, China, and Australia. Sandalwood oil from Santalum album has 70-90 % santalol content. This is the main ingredient perfumers look for. Indian sandalwood oil has a sweet, woody odour. The predominant Australian species is Santalum spicatum, which yields only about 35-39 % santalol content. Australian sandalwood oil has a sweet, woody odour with a spicy top note, which comes from other compounds present in the oil.The rules are changingStrict rules deter farmers from growing sandalwood; governed by Karnataka Forest Act, 1963 An amendment in the Karnataka Forest Act in 2001 now encourages people to grow sandalwood and offers Rs 3,500 per kg for heartwood, but it is still not an attractive offer as a sandalwood tree can be harvested only after 12-15 yrs Land owners are legally entitled to sandal trees on their land, but not permitted to fell, store, transport or sell the trees, convert or dress sandalwood obtained Land owners have to preserve trees growing on their land, and if stolen, to report to forest or police officer Plantations need 24x7 security: patrol, dog squads, 7-ft concrete walls, video surveillance, radio identity tags and software to monitor them Cheaper oil substitutes such as polysantol, beta santalol and isobornyl cyclohexanol are more lucrative for soap manufacturers and perfumeries If convicted, poachers can be imprisoned for up to 10yrs and fined up to Rs 1 lakh Manufacture of oil from sandalwood is banned, except under a licence obtained from the forest dept Move on to bring in central legislation for protection of treesTimes viewSandalwood from Karnataka is highly prized by the perfumery and soap industries worldwide. It is a shame that production of sandalwood has dropped so drastically. With authentic sandalwood oil being so expensive, soap companies and perfumeries are looking at synthetic options and abandoning the idea of authentic oil. At present, sandalwood can be sold only to three government agencies in the state and is not available to the open market. Allowing private companies to buy sandalwood and extract sandalwood oil may give a boost to this floundering industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "12078466", "title": "Cops identify Chennai 'robber'", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: The Nalanda police on Monday confirmed the identity of one of the robbers killed in an alleged encounter with the Chennai police on February 22 as Rajiv Yadav alias Raju of village Milkipar under the Hilsa police station of the district. With this, a team of the Chennai police, which is camping in the state, has confirmed the identities of three of the four criminals hailing from Bihar.Nalanda SP Jitendra Kumar Rana said many villagers, including chowkidar Shambhu Kumar, recognized Rajiv's photograph provided by the Chennai police. He said Rajiv had criminal antecedents and that a murder case is pending against him with the Fatuha PS in Patna district.Earlier, the identity of one of the four alleged robbers was established as Vinay Prasad, son of Jamuna Prasad of village Bahapar under the Karai Parshurai PS in Nalanda district. Vinay and Rajiv, who are said to be cousins, reportedly stayed in Chennai together for years where they worked as labourers in factories. Vinay returned to Patna to drive an auto some four years ago and later worked in plastic factories in the Patna Saheb area. The third robber was identified as Vinod Kumar alias Sujan Ray, son of Muneeshwar Ray of Gaurichak police station under Patna district.Speaking to TOI, Nalanda MLA and chief whip of the ruling party in the legislative assembly Shrawan Kumar demanded an inquiry into the incident and requested the state government to bring the bodies of the slain persons home as their families were poor.Kumar had also raised the issue in the state assembly on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12076905", "title": "Strike leaves Chinese delegation surprised", "text": "KOLKATA: It took them just 20 minutes to travel from the airport to a hotel at the heart of the city. The roads were empty, there were no traffic snarls and few jaywalkers. The delegation that came from China was surprised. \"How come the roads of a metro city look so deserted on a working day?\" one of them asked. When the reason was explained, they were taken aback. Most of them have never witnessed an industrial strike in their country.Strikes - almost yearly events in Bengal - are now history in communist-ruled China, said a member of the Chinese team. The delegation - including top executives of Chinese automobile and engineering giant First Automobile Works - was on its way to a meeting with members of the Bharat Chamber of Commerce. The meeting had not been postponed because of the strike.one of the leading automobile and engineering company in China, was in the city on Tuesday. The delegation was surprised to see empty roads in a metro city on a working day. \"It took only 20 minutes to cover a long distance. Why the roads were so deserted in a working day!\" Zhao Bei, the interpreter of the Chinese delegation asked. It had a meeting with the members of Bharat Chamber of Commerce, which was not postponed due to general strike. The delegation travelled from a hotel near airport to a hotel in the heart of the city to meet Bharat Chamber members members. When the reason was explained, the delegation leader, Sun Feng, president of Faw Foundry Company, could not recall when he last saw a general strike in China. Trade unions in China do not believe in strike now, he said. The general strike like one of Tuesday called by Left and some other trade unions is now a memory of the past.\"In China we have never experienced an industrial strike in many years. I can recall a strike by mining workers, but that was 25 years ago. Now everything is settled through discussions. Such strikes are not desirable for industry. If the unions have any grievances, we discuss and resolve them,\" Feng added.For his junior colleague Q Ganggang, it was a unique experience. \"I have never seen a strike. We cannot even think of something like this,\" he said.The delegation was here to explore opportunities in foundry sector in the state. FAW had earlier evinced interest for investment in automobile forging and casting as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12076698", "title": "No autos at Central on strike day", "text": "CHENNAI: Hundreds of passengers who arrived at Chennai Central on Tuesday were left stranded with heavy baggage after prepaid autorickshaw drivers decided to take part in the nationwide stir.Elsewhere, drivers were demanding up to three times the normal fare in areas where autorickshaws were plying despite the strike.P Mohan Kumar, a regular passenger from Bangalore, said he planned to take an auto from the prepaid counter at Chennai Central but found the stand empty. \"Now I will have to call for a taxi,\" he said.\"I usually depend on pre-paid autos because the fare is affordable. Passengers with heavy luggage have no alternative. I will have to pay more for a taxi,\" added Mohan Kumar, who wanted to go to Mylapore. Like Mohan Kumar, most passengers were forced to take call taxis.Chennai Central Railway Station Auto Drivers And Commuters Welfare Society president G Arumugam said all the autorickshaw drivers affiliated to the society had joined the strike. \"Thousands of people use prepaid autorickshaws from the station. But the association has decided to join with other unions for a cause,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080602", "title": "Brazilian model in Ram Gopal's next film", "text": "Having replaced Madhu Shalini in an item number, Brazilian model Nathalia has also taken her place in the filmmaker's life, say sourcesAfew months back, Ram Gopal Varma wasn't too happy replacing his favourite actress Madhu Shalini with Brazilian model Nathalia Pinheiro in an item number in Department. But now, the filmmaker couldn't thank his stars enough for it. According to sources close to the film, the model, who has changed her name to Nathalia Kaur, has impressed Ramu so much that he has decided to hone her talent in his next venture. In fact, he has offered her the lead role making her the director's latest muse.Nathalia was roped in for an item number in Department after lead actor Sanjay Dutt insisted on it. At the time, Ramu wasn't too happy with the inclusion since it meant replacing his favourite Madhu Shalini. Sources from the sets reveal that the Brazilian girl did not let the filmmaker down.When asked, Ram Gopal Varma says how impressed he is with Natalia. \"She did a song for Department. She is a great looker and amazingly talented,\" he told Mirror.Looks like calendar girl Natalia who was born in Rio de Janeiro and is a trained opera singer, has taken the most sought after seat of being Ramu's muse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12077528", "title": "Cotton price hits rock bottom", "text": "GUNTUR: Notwithstanding the increasing cotton exports from India, prices in the domestic market are going down further thanks to the strong lobby of merchants. The cotton farmers, who expected a good price in the current season after the Centre removed the cap on exports, are distressed as the prices hit rock bottom recently.Ironically, the public sector giant in the cotton market, Cotton Corporation of India (CCI), continues to stay away from the market giving chance to the traders to loot. So far, CCI had purchased just 0.001 per cent of the total production in the state. Of the expected 50 lakh bales of production from Andhra Pradesh - one of the largest producers in the country - nearly 80 per cent of the stocks have already been sold between Rs 3,000-3,300 per quintal to the merchants.Stating that prices were hovering around the MSP of Rs 3,300 per quintal, CCI said it would intervene only when the prices go below MSP. \"Though the prices are low, they are still hovering above MSP and we cannot do anything at this state,\" said a senior official of CCI.Sources said the traders played a big role in preventing CCI from entering the market. Merchants, who claimed that they incurred huge losses after paying around Rs 5-7 thousand per quintal in the previous years, were determined and succeeded in preventing CCI from buying the produce from the growers. With no option left in the open market, the farmers sold out a majority of their stocks at cheaper rates to private traders.While the farmers say that a price of Rs 4,500 per quintal would still be remunerative, prices in the current season had never touched even Rs 4,000 per quintal. Curiously, exports from India witnessed a steep jump from 68 lakh bales during last year to 84 lakh bales till date and it is expected that it could touch one million bales by the end of season.Merchants on their part say that they are forced to reduce the prices as there are no export orders. However, cotton exporter Anjaneyulu said the local market has been dominated by small players who play truant by upping or scaling down the prices.Ironically, the public sector giant in the cotton market, Cotton Corporation of India (CCI), continues to stay away from the market giving chance to the traders to loot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12078186", "title": "Minor fire at restaurant on Church Street", "text": "BANGALORE: A minor fire broke out on Tuesday in the kitchen of Bheema's restaurant on Church Street.The smoke was noticed at 1.30pm by Bheema's partner G Vijay Kumar who called the fire and emergency services. No one was injured, but the kitchen was filled with smoke.\"Our own fire extinguisher put out the blaze. To play safe, we had switched off the main power point. Luckily for us, the fire engine reached in five minutes because there was less traffic on the road.\" One reason for the incident was overheating of oil in the kitchen that had blocked the chimney, said BN Manjunath, regional fire officer (east).The restaurant was shut for a few hours and opened only in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mysore/madikeri", "code": "12075549", "title": "Forester suspects foul play", "text": "MYSORE/MADIKERI: The raging wildfire at Nagarahole tiger reserve has abated, even as it is seen as an act of revenge to hit out at the forest department.Fire management by officials has come into sharp focus, with wildlife activists holding them responsible for the major damage - now estimated at some 3,000 acres of forest cover destroyed - even as they agreed with the forest department that it is a man-made calamity. As PCCF (wildlife) B K Singh arrived at the tiger reserve on Tuesday, questions are being raised over the management of the national park. \"There is a human element to the fire tragedy. Miscreants are at work. But there is also failure on the part of the officials in fire management,\" said a wildlife activist who did not wish to be named.According to the PCCF, tribals are involved. \"Our investigations suggest that some tribals are involved and we'll book cases against them. They were opposing relocation out of the tiger reserve,\" Singh told TOI. The fire mishap occurred at Bommadahalli, where the tribals are opposing the creation of elephant-proof trenches.The forest dept is taking satellite images from Isro to assess the damage, and find out the extent of the fire. Of the seven ranges in the park stretch, spread over 643 sqkm in Mysore and Kodagu districts, four ranges were on fire, which indicates human involvement, officials said. In Nagarahole range, which forms the heart of the tiger reserve, the fire was first noticed at Marappanakere and later engulfed the area.There is a tribal colony 2km from here, and a village 5km away, the activist explained. Chances are high that those nursing a grouse against the forest staff set off the fire, and it happened in more than one place. They may have been booked for some forest offence, and started the fire out of vengeance, he added.There has been a delay in taking preventive measures to check a possible wildfire, allege some of the wildlife activists. According to them, this could have led to the fire break out. Fire lines to control wildfires are formed during December and January; and from February, when summer peaks, fire watchers are put on duty.But the PCCF countered this, saying that sometimes, drawing fire lines early becomes ineffective. Activists said that dried bamboo catch fire quickly and help it spread.Officials and environmentalists said larger animals, including big cats, will have moved to safety, but reptiles and ground nesting birds would have lost their lives. Assistant conservator of forests ( Hunsur wildlife division) K A Belliappa said the loss is yet to be estimated.\"The situation is under control, though in some places, the fire is still on and the staff are trying hard to douse it. Around 120 forest staff were deputed to control the fire in all the areas,\" he said.\"Teakwood trees have been reduced to cinders, though the total loss is yet to be estimated,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077839", "title": "A P High Court faults govt for inviting Emaar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Wondering what sense it makes for government to hand over huge tracts of land to foreign companies for housing projects on the one hand and banning allotment of house sites to the poorer sections on the other, Justice L Narasimha Reddy of the A P High Court on Tuesday sought to know from the state government as to why it invited Dubai-based Emaar Properties for developing a housing project in the state capital.While dealing with a batch of writ petitions filed by owners of villas and flats in the Emaar Hills Township project challenging the state's decision to not to allow the registrations of the plots, the judge expressed anguish at the way various governments in India have been inviting foreign companies even for developing housing projects. When advocate general A Sudarsan Reddy sought to defend the state's decision by saying that the villa owners too had committed mistakes by purchasing the properties at just Rs 5000 per square yard despite knowing well that the prevailing rate was Rs 50,000 per sq yard, the judge asked as to why foreign companies were being invited for executing small projects. \"Can't our housing board do this job? You invite foreign companies for joint ventures and allow them swallow up public assets. Have you forgotten the fact that it took 200 years for us to get rid of a foreign company like East India Company\", the judge asked.When the AG cited the ongoing CBI probe into the Emaar scam, the judge asked him not to raise the issue for everything. \" Who started this strange practice of state auctioning land for earning revenue? Why did the state ban allotment of house sites to poorer sections in Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy districts citing lack of land as a reason? Was this only to hand over huge tracts of public land to entities like Emaar? It is you who have been encouraging all this. Today even a person with Rs one lakh salary per month is unable to purchase a flat in Hyderabad. Gone are the days where even an attender in the tehsildar's office could construct a house of his own\", the judge remarked.When the AG said the state would rectify the mistakes and set things right, the judge told him to first identify the ailment. Following a request by the AG who sought time to file a detailed counter, the judge posted the case to Wednesday for hearing.Meanwhile, Tummala Ranga Rao, managing director of Stylish Homes, on Tuesday filed a petition in the CBI court offering to turn an approver in the Emaar scam case. He also sought pardon and cancellation of his name from the list of accused. It was his deposition that helped CBI make progress in the case and, hence, he wanted the court to pardon him. He said whatever wrongdoing he committed he did at the behest of main accused, Koneru Prasad. The CBI earlier did not oppose his bail. The court will hear his plea on March 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12078083", "title": "My girl was trampled upon in pool, says father", "text": "BANGALORE: Mohammed Mustafa, father of 12-year-old Shabarin Taj who drowned in a pool in WonderLa amusement park on Monday, believes his daughter wouldn't have met the tragic fate if the school and the theme park had taken adequate precautions during the school picnic.Matha English School in RT Nagar, where Taj was a Class VI student, had taken 140 students on a picnic to the amusement park near Bidadi in two buses when the tragedy reportedly occurred at 3.30pm. Mustafa said he was told by his daughter's friends that the accident happened when 40 children from the school rushed to grab 12-odd rubber floats. Taj tripped in the melee and fell into the water, he told TOI on Tuesday.'' After lunch, the children rushed to the pool and tried to get hold of the rubber tubes which were not available in enough numbers. Taj was in the crowd and she apparently lost her balance and fell into the water, but it went unnoticed. Another girl noticed Taj lying motionless in the water and raised an alarm,'' Mustafa said. He is a tempo driver who stays with wife Asma and son Mohammed Ghouse in Rahmatnagar near RT Nagar.Mustafa, who is a chronic diabetic , wasn't told about his daughter's death initially. He got to know only late on Monday night. Next morning, Mustafa visited Bidadi police station and gave a written statement, accusing the Mata school management and Wonder-La officials of negligence.Mustafa brushed aside WonderLa's claims that its divers had pulled out the girl in 15 seconds. '' They think they can fool anyone. I have spoken to other children. They told me there were no guards or teachers near the pool. On hearing the alarm, teacher Selvi pulled out Taj,'' he pointed out.Teachers promised to take care of Taj, says motherAsma Mustafa was wary when she had send her daughter, Shabarin Taj, on the school picnic. She personally escorted her to Mata English School on Monday morning and spoke to teachers about the girl's delicate condition.'' Shabarin had undergone an appendicitis operation only a few months ago. I told her teachers they had to take extreme care of Taj given her condition. I sent her on the trip only after they agreed to do so,'' a sobbing Asma said. Mustafas' second child, Mohammed Ghouse, 6, was also keen on going for the picnic. But the family couldn't pay for both, and Ghouse had to stay back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12078131", "title": "Play parks have no doctors at hand", "text": "BANGALORE: Amusement and water parks in and around Bangalore are well-equipped when it comes to hiring personnel to guard their water bodies or providing lifejackets and security to visitors. But they don't have the facility of an in-house doctor who can make a world of difference during emergencies . Park managements are dependent on nearby hospitals, the closest distance being 2km!Gopal Krishna, technical in-charge , Lumbini Gardens Amusement Parks on Hebbal Ring Road, said: '' Our park is well equipped with lifeguards and security personnel, we also have lifejackets and rubber tubes. We have a 'doctor on call' facility and an ambulance can be called from Baptist Hospital and Columbia Asia Hospital in Hebbal, which are 10 minutes away.''Situated in the heart of the city, the famous one-stop destination for children, Jawahar Bal Bhavan , also lacks medical facility. '' All the equipment we have now are children-friendly . We had removed some after an accident in 2008. Although we don't have a doctor inside the park, we make sure children are taken to nearby hospitals in case of any incident. We also depend on the 108-ambulance service,'' said Divya Narayanappa, administrative officer, Bal Bhavan.Suresh Shukla, in-charge of Fun World Amusement Park at Palace Grounds, said: '' We have 26 lifeguards and 20 security personnel. We also have 'doctor on call' facility and an ambulance.''Wooday P Krishna, the chartered engineer who certifies equipment at amusement parks, told TOI that mandatory inspection is conducted once every year. '' We inspect equipment, check if machines are lubricated and if they are operated by skilled people. A certificate is provided only if they are safe to operate.'' For pool safety in water parks, Krishna said: '' It is the responsibility of the park owner to hire trained personnel.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067580", "title": "Poonam Pandey's 'gyaan' on seduction", "text": "Poonam Pandey seems to be turning into a philosopher with time. Not too long ago the bombshell diva, she spoke about \"attitude\" and that subsequently irked Taslima Nasreen.The dust might have settled but Poonam knows how to grab attention again! The internet queen is now talking about seduction. Explaining what it means, Poonam tweeted, \"Seduction isn't forcing someone to do something; it's enticing someone to do what they secretly already want to do(sic).\"And by saying so, is Poonam trying to say that she isn't inviting anyone to go nuts on seeing her hot bikini clad pictures? The model doesn't stop there. She also talks about the two words men hate to hear. \"Two words guys hate is don't and stop, unless you put them together (sic),\"tweeted Poonam.The journey from a model to a Bollywood actress Poonam has really covered the long distance quite quickly. Then this is in it she has not at all left her fans alone every now and then she either tweets some thing that creates a controversy or she posts some pics or videos that keeps her fans interested.--", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12075950", "title": "Sonia Gandhi goes abroad for check-up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi has gone abroad for a routine check-up six months after undergoing surgery for an undisclosed ailment in the US. She will be back on Saturday night. \"She left late last night and will be back on Saturday night,\" party sources said.\"She will return in four to five days,\" AICC media department head Janardan Dwivedi said in a statement.Unlike six months ago, the Congress chief has not made any interim arrangement to handle organizational affairs in her absence: something which pointed to her recovery and was seen as an indication that she will be back when the results of crucial assembly polls come in.Sonia had to drop out of active politics for a few months after her surgery at a time when the ruling Congress was grappling with scams and scandals and the civil society upsurge led by Team Anna.She was soon back in the hurly burly, helping the party deal with crises and supplementing Rahul Gandhi's new role as the lead campaigner in the assembly polls.Sonia has addressed a series of meetings in the poll-bound states and spoke at a party rally in Saharanpur in Uttar Pradesh on Sunday.The Congress chief will be back in action before the counting of votes and she may have to take a call on formation of government in UP amid the growing estimate that the state may throw up a hung house. Congress's fate in UP will have ramifications for the UPA government at the Centre ahead of the budget session of Parliament from March 12.As the ruling Congress is finding it tough to deal with Trinamool Congress boss and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , the party may go for an alliance with Samajwadi Party to give stability to the UPA government and push its crucial reform agenda, including FDI in multi-brand retail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12077501", "title": "Special schools for kids working in chilli fields", "text": "GUNTUR: Rajiv Vidya Mission (RVM) officials have decided to open makeshift schools for the children working in the chilli fields in Guntur district. Parents and contractors have been warned that criminal cases would be charged against them if they continue to engage the children in chilli picking work even after the schools are opened.In response to a report carried in these columns, RVM project director D Chaitanya convened an urgent meeting with non-governmental organizations and discussed the child labour issue. He visited the chilli fields in Tadikonda and Pedakurapadu mandals to take a first-hand account of the child labourers working in the farms on Tuesday.\"We tried our best to convince the parents to send their children back to their native villages so that they could continue their studies. But, a majority of the parents are not willing to send them back home. So, we have decided to open special schools to help children continue with their education,\" Chaitanya told TOI.He said the special schools would be managed by local NGOs. Initially, a temporary school would be set up close to the chilli fields where the migrant workers pick chillies. A vidya volunteer would be employed by the NGO to whom RVM would pay Rs 4,000 per month. \"Since all the schools are run temporarily, it would not be a problem for the NGO to manage them,\" a senior RVM official said.Books and study material would be provided to the children enabling them to continue with their studies which they lost due to migration from places like Anantapur, Kurnool and Prakasam. Deputy commissioner (labour) Shaik Eusuf said that a special drive would be launched in the agriculture fields in a day or two to convince the parents.The RVM PD said large scale migration of children was found at Bandarupalle, Ravela, Tadikonda, Ponnekallu and Sattenapalle areas. \"We can book cases against the farmer, contractor and also parents for violation of the Child Labour Act and also Right to Education Act for engaging children in work. But, the deeper issue revolves around the finances of the families that have migrated. So, we have convinced the parents to make use of the schools to be set up close to the fields,\" he said.He said they sought the cooperation of the labour department, which has field staff, to identify the children working in the fields so that they could open special schools for them.Times ViewThe decision to set up makeshift classes on these farmlands could be good move to ensure that child workers here get their education. But the government has to move beyond making these stopgap arrangements to address the serious issue of child labour which is rampant across the state. Be it the cottonseed farms in Mahbubnagar or the chilli fields in Guntur or even the backbreaking work that child workers are made to put in zari units in the Old City, child labour has to be dealt with much more serious thought than simply putting up classrooms for a few days for a few children. A proper policy to mainstream child workers is needed, one that should be executed fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080666", "title": "Rowdy Rathore riding high", "text": "The satellite rights for Akshay Kumar's upcoming SLB production fetches Rs 35 croreSanjay Leela Bhansali's last film Guzaarish failed to do too well at the box office. Despite that, the filmmaker's upcoming project Rowdy Rathore has been sold for a staggering Rs 35 crore, say sources from the trade. Perhaps it's the Akshay Kumar magic that has worked for him this time around.This is happens to be the highest that Bhansali has received for any of his films till date. Interestingly, even Akshay Kumar's films in the past had not generated such a high price. His film Housefull, produced by Sajid Nadiadwala fetched the highest satellite price for the actor so far.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Bhansali, who had been in talks with broadcasters over the satellite rights of the film directed by Prabhu Deva, sealed the deal last week.While UTV's CEO Siddharth Roy Kapur remained unavailable for comment, a source from the production house confirmed the story. Rowdy Rathore is co-produced by Bhansali, UTV and Shabina Khan .Meanwhile...Akki gets tough with PareshOn one hand, his film Rowdy Rathore gets a record deal for the satellite rights and on the other, his co-production Oh My God! is racing to the finishing line. Akshay Kumar, playing the role of a tough producer has instructed his co-producer, friend and lead actor Paresh Rawal to learn how to ride a scooter in eight days flat.\"There are major portions in the film where Rawal is supposed to drive the two-wheeler in the lanes and bylanes of Mumbai. And he doesn't know how to ride a scooter at all,\" a source told Mumbai Mirror.That's when Akshay stepped in and asked Paresh to start learning. According to the source, \"Akshay makes it a point to wake Paresh up at 5.30 am every day. Paresh has been riding the scooter in the lanes of Juhu since the past three or four days.\"\"Sometimes when Paresh wouldn't get it right, Nikhi Ratnaparkhi (the other actor seen in pic), would help Paresh out with riding,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12077454", "title": "Our fight against polio finally paying off: Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "With half the world's population now living in urban areas, Unicef's State of the World's Children report 2012 focuses on millions of children who live in poverty and deprivation in our growing towns and cities. In the report, to be launched in India today, Amitabh Bachchan describes the challenge of immunizing slum children against polio.\"Today, India stands on the brink of eradicating polio - arguably the greatest public health achievement in its history. When the polio eradication campaign started in 1988, India was reporting around 500 polio cases per day. Since then, more than 4 million children have been saved from paralysis or death. All our hard work is paying off. But the simple truth is that as long as polio exists anywhere in the world, the threat will persist.\"Polio is now a virus of the poorest, making its final stand in the most forgotten places, among the most forgotten people. Reaching these people - the slum dwellers, the nomads, the migrants, the families of construction workers living beside the plush high-rises they build - is one of the greatest challenges in public health.\"India's polio eradication programme is actively following a detailed 'underserved strategy' to target India's hardest-to-reach people, including those living in urban slums, in order to raise immunity among those populations at highest risk. It is not an easy task - literally millions of migrant families move back and forth across the country each week, and in the traditionally polio-endemic states of UP and Bihar, around 750,000 children are born each month. In order to eradicate polio in India, it is essential to reach and immunize every last child. And in the swelling slums of India's heaving cities, every last child is hard to find.\"Consider Dharavi, one of the largest slums in my home town of Mumbai - home to a million people in just 3 square kilometres. Here polio virus immunization teams must follow carefully developed micro-plan maps, walking single file along the tiny lanes, scrambling up rickety ladders to reach the children living in corrugated iron homes stacked one on top of the other, three or four stories high. The immunization teams then mark these corrugated iron walls with chalk so that the monitors who will follow in the coming days can see which houses have been reached. Additional teams return to cover any children who were missed.\"Mumbai, India's financial capital and home to its film industry, is among the world's biggest and richest cities. It is also believed to contain the highest proportion and largest absolute number of slum dwellers. By some estimates, between 100 and 300 new families arrive each day in search of work. All too often, migrant families of low socio-economic status find themselves in a slum. All too often, the hardest-to-reach children in our country are living right under our noses.\"India's polio eradication programme demonstrates that it is possible to ensure equity in the availability of health services in even the poorest, most densely populated environments. It proves that you can find every last child in the city. And it means that in Mumbai, while the children of the slums continue to face many threats, polio need not be one of them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078597", "title": "Gujarat high court refuses to stay proceedings against Bhatt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Tuesday refused to stay proceedings against suspended IPSofficer Sanjiv Bhatt in a 1990 case of alleged police atrocity which had resulted in death of one person in Jamnagar.HC, however, issued notice to the state government on Bhatt's petition challenging the Jamnagar court's decision to reject his plea to condone the delay in filing a revision application in two decade-old case. Justice Anant Dave has asked the government to file reply by March 6.After the trial court turned his plea down, Bhatt moved the Supreme Court, which asked him to go to the high court. Bhatt approached HC through his lawyer I H Syed requesting the court to quash the lower court's order. He also sought a stay on proceeding, but justice Dave refused. This means the trial court may go ahead with framing of charges against Bhatt and six other policemen.One Prahbudas Vaishnani was arrested during a communal flare-up in Jamkhambhalia in 1990. He died in a hospital due to renal failure few days after he was released from police custody. Vaishnani's brother filed complaint and a magisterial court began proceedings against the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076377", "title": "One lakh more water meters planned for island city", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has embarked on an ambitious project which, if successful, would increase the number of metered water connections in the city by 28%. Currently, there are around 3.6 lakh metered connections in all of Mumbai and the BMC is studying whether it can increase this number by 1 lakh.The BMC is attempting to give metered connections to all old buildings in the island city, which currently pay a flat water tax along with their property tax. If successful, the city as a whole would then have 4.6 lakh metered connections.Sources said that more than half of Mumbai currently gets water through unmetered or illegal connections, and installing meters would help streamline the system, check water losses and help consumers pay for only what they use.The civic body is first planning a pilot project in two wards -- A Ward, comprising Colaba, Fort and Esplanade; and G-South Ward, comprising Worli, Prabhadevi, Lower Parel and Currey Road. \"We will conduct a pilot project in the two wards,\" said a civic official from the hydraulics department. \"We will detect all the buildings that are unmetered. After making a list of the unmetered properties, we will appoint an agency to conduct a survey.\" The survey will be conducted to detect water lines, their routes and the feasibility of installing meters.\"We have already asked for quotations from agencies on the BMC website for the survey,\" said the civic official. \"After the meters are installed in the two wards, those buildings will be individually charged as per consumption.\"The official added that the performance of the metered connections would be monitored, while the data of the other wards in the island city would be collected. That would include the B, C, D, E, F-North, F-South and G-North wards. Ultimately, the plan is to extend metered connections to all old buildings. \"There is an urgent need to install meters in the island city,\" said the civic official.Officials said residents themselves asked for the meter system so they could pay on a consumption basis instead of lump sums. Last year, the BMC had initiated a programme with the help of an NGO to create awareness in slum areas about water losses due to unmetered and illegal connections. The BMC had roped in the Society for the Promotion of Area Resource Centres to ask people to opt for metered water instead of tanker water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076489", "title": "Probe Jaitapur stir too: MPCC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , urging him to probe the funding of NGOs and political parties that have launched a sustained campaign against the Jaitapur nuclear power plant.The letter assumes significance in view of the statement by the PMO against NGOs opposing the Kudankulam nuclear power plant in Tamil Nadu. A probe has been ordered into the funding of the NGOs following the PM's directive.MPCC's letter refers to Shiv Sena's latest threat to top nuclear scientist Dr Anil Kakodkar, warning him not to back the Jaitapur N-plant in his speech at a seminar, which was to be held in Ratnagiri on Tuesday. The seminar was subsequently shifted to Pune and Kakodkar, ignoring the threats, explained to the gathering the need to have a nuclear plant in Jaitapur to generate additional electricity for sustainable development in Maharashtra.\"Dr Kakodkar's lecture was not organized by the government or the Congress. The seminar was organized by a research institute. Sena, by threatening a popular scientist, has shown how much the Shiv Sena cares for the development of the state and the nation,\" Anant Gadgil, MPCC spokesperson said.MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre said that the party has written to the PMO asking to probe funding of the NGOs and the role of the Shiv Sena in opposing the N-plant. \"MPCC spokesperson Sachin Sawant has written in this regard to the Union government,\" Thakre said. In the letter, Sawant said the \"motives and funding of those opposing Jaitapur N-plant should be probed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12078073", "title": "Six autos, car damaged in 2 separate incidents", "text": "COIMBATORE: In two incidents, around six auto rickshaws and a car were damaged by an unidentified gang near the Railway Gate, and the residence of corporation Mayor, SM Velusamy at Gandhimanagar respectively, on Monday night.According to sources, Duraisamy the husband of the ward councillor Jothimani conducted a meeting with the auto drivers on Monday evening. He allegedly told them to abstain from Tuesday's strike which a section of auto drivers immediately refused to do. A scuffle arose, and by 9.30 pm, a 30 member gang attacked Duraisamy on Monday evening.Later, four autos were damaged and two were burnt. Among these, five of the autos were parked near the Railway gate, at Vilankurichi. One auto and a car which were parked near the residence of the city mayor were also damaged.The City Police Commissioner, T P Sundaramoorthy and the deputy Police Commissioner Hema Karunagaran, visited the areas. Police said that enquiries are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ayali khurd", "code": "12078196", "title": "Jagraj is 20, going on 5", "text": "AYALI KHURD: Jagraj Singh is confused. He can't decide if he is turning 20 or five on Wednesday. He says if the years are to be counted, he will be 20 on February 29, but if he goes by the celebrations, it's going to be his fifth party.He is planning to celebrate his birthday at his college in the morning and with the family in the evening. Not only Jagraj, all his family members and cousins are also excited and waiting for the celebrations.Resident of Ayali Khurd, Jagraj said having a birthday in the leap year has its pros and cons. On one side, the birthday comes after every four years, but at the same time, it is amusing to get older only after four years, he adds. A student of PCTE, Jagraj celebrates his birthday on March 1 usually but he says it's just a formality. The real fun is only when it is celebrated on the actual date, which comes only after four years. His elder brother, Baljeet says earlier Jagraj used to feel bad about his birthday date because of his peer group, where everyone celebrates birthday every year, but now he has understood that it's nobody's fault and he has to live with the fact that the most awaited day comes only after four years. His father Jagtar feels that though Jagraj has never told him but he know that he feels bad about his birthday date. To cheer him up, his father had gifted him a Bullet motorcycle on March 1, 2010.His mother, Beant Kaur says she is eagerly waiting for the day to come, as the smile which comes on Jagtar's face on this day is unmatchable and cannot be expressed in words.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077744", "title": "Sassoon doctors remove 28-kg tumour from woman's body", "text": "PUNE: A 27-year-old woman, suffering from a rare non-cancerous tumour of fatty cells - that spread underneath the skin from her left hand finger to one side of the arm and up to the back - was successfully operated upon at the Sassoon general hospital recently. Weighing around 28 kg, the slow-growing tumour started its spread from the middle finger when the patient was eight years old and by the time she turned 18, it had grown into big round, flattened lumps under the skin.\"The woman suffered from rare benign tumour called 'diffused lipomatosis'. Till date, medical literature has not recorded the infiltrative spread of this kind of tumour into such an enormous size. This is for the first time that a tumour had grown to an extent of occupying the complete left side of a patient's hand and up to the left shoulder blade,\" said surgeon Kirankumar Jadhav, who carried out the difficult operation at the Sassoon hospital.The surgery was conducted under the guidance of senior surgeon S S Thakur, head of the surgery department. A team of resident doctors Suveen Jalmatti, Abhijeet Patil, Shreyash Modak and Arvind Ekhande assisted Jadhav in the difficult task. Plastic surgeon Nikhil Panse carried out skin grafting on the operated area after the surgery. The tumour had grown into large, rounded lumps under the skin and the doctors had to cut it off in parts.\"Initially, there was only swelling on the middle finger of my left hand. As I grew older, the swelling started spreading. It spread all along the hand first and then covered the left shoulder. The swelling turned into big lumps of flesh that made me look morbidly obese on one side,\" said Pushpa Dandgule, the patient.The lumps were first removed when Pushpa was 18 years old. \"At the time of my marriage, my parents consulted doctors at the Solapur civil hospital who removed the lumps. I got married after that. However, one small lump which was not removed because of its negligible size went on to grow again and by the time I was 27 years old, it grew into large, rounded lumps all over the left hand and back,\" she said.Asked about the difficulties she faced because of the tumour's extremely huge size, Pushpa said, \"My left hand had become totally dysfunctional. I could not sleep on that side, while sleeping on the right side was equally difficult due to the huge weight of the lump. My husband, who is a fruit seller, deserted me due to my condition. Ulcers used to develop due to the stretching of the skin. The ulcers used to bleed and I would go the hospital for dressing everyday. The experience was painful physically and socially.\" A mother of three children, Pushpa got herself admitted to the Sassoon hospital two-and-a-half months ago.\"In view of the tumour's massive spread, we had to remove it in parts. The first surgery was carried out on January 4, during which the lumps on the back, weighing 13 kg and 25 cm in size, were removed. In the second surgery carried out on January 20, the fatty lumps all along the left hand that weighed 15 kg and 40 cm in size were removed. The plastic surgeon carried out skin grafting on the operated area on February 14,\" Jadhav said.Before the surgery, a biopsy test was carried out which showed that the tumour was non-cancerous. Again, when the tumour was completely removed, the doctors sent the surgically removed fleshy parts for histopathology to find out whether there was any cancerous cell which could have managed to escape during the biopsy test and the histopathology report, too, gave a negative report for cancer.\"We are going to report the case in international peer-reviewed medical journal for publication. It is one of the rarest cases of diffused lipomatosis one that needs to be documented,\" said Thakur.What are lipomas?Lipomas are the most common subcutaneous soft-tissue tumors of mesenchymal origin. The estimated annual incidence is one per 1,000 persons. Lipomas are generally slow-growing nodules with a firm rubbery consistency. While about 80% of lipomas are less than five cm in diameter, some can reach more than 20 cm and weigh several kgs. They are usually asymptomatic, but can cause pain when they compress nerves. Lipomas tend to occur on the trunk, shoulders, posterior neck, etc.(Source: Surgery department, Sassoon hospital, Pune)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080506", "title": "Rajib\u2019s next flick finally gets a name", "text": "No, it isn't \" Shotru 2\". Neither is it \" Bande Mataram\" or \"IPS Bikram Singha\". Prosenjit Chatterjee's first potboiler in three years - directed by Rajib, and with the star in a double role - is titled \"Maha Shotru\".Prosenjit is thrilled with the title. \"We had umpteen meetings to finalize the title. After all, it's a deciding factor when it comes to pulling crowds to the theatre. When I heard \"Maha Shotru\", I thought it was apt as the word shotru has an invisible connect with cops,\" the actor said. The film marks Richa Gangopadhyay's debut in Tollywood.Those associated with the film are at peace now that the title has been decided. \"The title conveys the film's message. Also, it's Bumba's (Prosenjit) comeback to commercial cinema. We thought of \"Shotru 2\", \"Bikram Singha\", \"Protibaad\" and \"Avatar\", but none seemed to click. At last, my friend Shymal Dutta suggested \"Maha Shotru\" and we knew we had the right one,\" said Ashok Dhanuka from the production house.Rajib, who leaves for Jordan on Wednesday with Prosenjit and Richa to can the song-anddance sequences, is happy with the choice. \"We spent hours on the title. Nothing seemed right but in keeping with the storyline, we zeroed in on \"Maha Shotru\". I think it's perfect,\" smiled Rajib.RG MEANWHILE... Bappi Lahiri has recorded an item number for \"Maha Shotru\". Joining him for the song is Mamta Sharma of \"Munni badnaam hui\" fame. \"The number, \"Champa na Chameli\", has the potential to become this year's biggest chartbuster. The song is written and composed by me. I've also sung the title track - \"Dhin chak chak\",\" says Bappi. There's another surprise, in terms of the song's sizzle quotient. \"A famous item dancer from Mumbai is likely to feature in the song. Talks are on, but nothing has been finalized yet,\" he adds. This film apart, Bappi is also scoring for Lokesh Ghosh's next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078455", "title": "Education board devices action plan to prevent copying", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials have declared the action plan for the SSC and HSC board exam scheduled to begin from March 5, to check copying incidences. Over 15 lakh students will appear for the board exams.Officials said that this time there is zero tolerance for copying in the exams. For the first time, board officials will hold not only hold the students but also the squad members and center supervisor responsible for a student caught copying in the exam center.\"Action will be taken against students as well as squad members and center supervisor if their role is proved,\" officials said.Each center will have a complaint box and a repentance box where the students can drop in suggestions and their copy chits, respectively. Officials said that the complaint box would be opened daily and all the issues will be addressed the same day.Centers which fall in the sensitive and extra-sensitive category and need videographers for the exams will have to apply to the secretary of the board. Officials said it would be illegal for parents or citizens to assemble in groups of more than four people outside the exam centers.All photocopy centers outside schools, which are exam centers, will be closed down to prevent mass copying. Employees of exam centers who show suspect behaviour would be removed from exam duty.Officials added that special arrangements are in place to ensure that physically disabled students get seating arrangement on the ground floor. so that they do not have to climb stairs to reach exam halls on higher floors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12076621", "title": "Strike of trade unions affects normal life", "text": "VARANASI: The one-day strike by different organisations of trade unions affected the routine life of common people in the city on Tuesday. Employees of banks, insurance companies, Central government and local bodies in the city participated in the country-wide strike. Although the day passed off peaceful, lack of services in banks and government offices like post offices affected the life of people as scores of employees observed strike. Transport sector, however, remained unaffected in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077620", "title": "Kin of Kalamna building collapse victims buried under loans", "text": "NAGPUR: It has been a month some the collapse of the six-storey warehouse-cum-cold storage claimed 18 lives and left 16 injured at Kalamna. Now, apathy of government officials and elected representatives is killing the kin of the victims. Most of the kin are also buried under the burden of interest piling up on loans taken to treat their injured relatives.The relatives of the victims today face a grim future as they try to make up the irreparable loss of earning members of the family. The widows are struggling to feed and educate the children, and depending on other relatives to help them out.The relatives said that they are also fighting an uphill battle while trying to get compensation for their loss as promised by senior government officials. Many families, like the family of victim Shantram Bharti, also claim to have taken loans to sustain their families and are now reeling under the mounting interest.\"My husband's tiffin box and cycle is still lying there in the debris,\" said Sharda Meher, Vishnu's widow, who is left to raise her five-year-old daughter Kiran all by herself. \"I requested my daughter's teacher not to bother her for fees, as there is no one to pay it,\" said Sharda.She said no help has been forthcoming from any quarters. \"I have no clue how to sustain myself and my daughter after some days,\" said Sharda. The young widow added that even the cops misbehaved at Kalamna police station recently.Ramadhar Sabarsathi's widow Pramila says, \"I have never left home to work, but now I have no one to feed me and my children. The owner of the cold storage should come forward to help our family but he is looking after his own interests,\" she said.Amit Shripatre's father Ashok said the building owner will get compensation from insurance companies but families who lost their breadwinners have nothing.Parvati, the wife of deceased Bharti, had tears in her eyes, \"I am struggling to feed my five children. I have a loan of Rs 50,000 to keep the house fire going. No help has come so far from any corner,\" said Parvati.Injured Mannaram Khotel's wife Anita too is clueless about how she would feed her three sons as the husband is bedridden. She has already taken a loan but the medical expenses are soaring.Social worker Seema Dhomne said that member of legislative assembly Krishna Khopde has assured to take up the issue of compensation with the government. She and local corporator Anita Wankhede are now planning to take the victims' kin to the collector's office to appeal for fast processing of compensation from the chief minister's special fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12078278", "title": "NRI kids\u2019 custody case: Norway court to take final call", "text": "NEW DELHI: Norway's Child Welfare Service (CWS) on Tuesday said a proposed solution in the NRI kids' custody case will be presented to Stavanger district court that will take the final decision in the case. \"The provisional date for the hearing has been set for 23 March,'' it said.Foreign minister S M Krishna had on Tuesday morning met the grandparents of the children and assured them that the Indian government would do all it can to get the children repatriated.Justifying its decision to extend residence permits for the children, the CWS said that this was a \"practical technicality\" as it is seeking to keep the children in Norway \"for longer than is necessary to arrive at a satisfactory solution to the case''.The Norwegian authorities, it said, will ask India to ensure the necessary follow-up for the children in the event of their return to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12076127", "title": "Inter-collegiate IT event", "text": "The BCA department of St Xavier's College, Mapusa, will organize a one-day state level inter-collegiate IT event 'TECHYONS' on February 29, from 10am to 5pm, at its premises. The event is open to all colleges offering BCA and BSc computer science. The event will include activities related to coding, web designing, poster making, IT quiz and crossword presentation, etc.Talk on Goa: Fundacao Oriente, Fontainhas-Panaji, will host a talk by Rogerio Puga on the subject 'Representations of Goa' on March 1 at 5.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bellary/hyderabad", "code": "12077897", "title": "CBI court in Karnataka summons Gali", "text": "BELLARY/HYDERABAD: A Karnataka court has issued 'prisoner on transit' warrant against mining baron G Janardhan Reddy, an accused in the Obulapuram Mining Company mining scam, to produce him before a special CBI court by March 2, in connection with another 'illegal' mining case registered against him in that state, officials said on Tuesday. Reddy, the former Karnataka tourism minister, is currently under judicial remand and lodged in the Chanchalguda Central Prison in Hyderabad along with his brother-in-law B V Srinivas Reddy since September 5 after being arrested by the CBI in connection with 'illegal' mining case involving OMC owned by him. A senior jail official confirmed that the warrant directions were only with regard to production of Janardhan Reddy before the court in Bangalore by March 2.\"We have received the warrant copy from the escort party yesterday and Reddy, who is on judicial remand in Chanchalguda Jail will be soon handed over to the escort party,\" the jail official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12078434", "title": "Govt, police directed to file report on plea seeking aid", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Monday directed the state government and the city police to file their counter on a petition seeking a compensation of Rs 20 lakh for the alleged custodial torture at the hands of former Kanchipuram SP Premkumar three decades ago, at Vadipatti police station.Justice K K Sasidharan, before whom the matter came up issued directions to the state government, Madurai superintendent of police and inspector of Vadipatti police station to file a counter.In a petition R Nallakaman, an ex-serviceman alleged that SP Premkumar, who was the sub-inspector of Vadipatti police station in 1982 subjected his entire family to custodial torture and exploited their dignity. Nallakaman was the tenant of one Bairav Singh, assistant sub-inspector of the Armed Reserve Police, in 1982. He was detained by Premkumar and three other constables at the police station illegally, despite obtaining an anticipatory bail, because he had a dispute with Singh.Singh had reportedly refused to give back Nallakaman's lease amount, even after he accepted to vacate his house.False cases were foisted against him, his wife and his son. According to the petitioner, in an earlier court proceedings, the state government has agreed that there was torture and violation of dignity. Hence, he stated that the state is liable to pay him the compensation since Premkumar, who was the main offender had died.Premkumar, who was the Kanchipuram SP at the time of his death on November 17, 2010, had been instrumental in arresting the Kanchi Acharyas in the Sankararaman murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12076657", "title": "Sonbhadra mining tragedy: Toll reaches 9", "text": "VARANASI: The death toll in illegal mining incident in Billi Markundi area under Obra police station limits in Sonbhadra district rose to nine on Tuesday evening. On Monday evening, several labourers working in a stone quarry had got buried under the rocks following a landslide. Unofficial reports are, however, pegging the toll figure at over 12. The rescue operation was in progress on Tuesday night and the toll is expected to rise.Meanwhile, the police lodged an FIR against 16 persons under Section 302 of the IPC, but no arrest was made in this connection till Tuesday night. Superintendent of police (Sonbhadra) Mohit Agrawal said that police teams were after the guilty persons and they would be arrested soon. He added that gram pradhan Raja Ram Yadav is among those against whom the FIR was lodged. He said that the bodies of nine persons were found during the rescue operation while two injured persons were admitted to hospital.The locals blocked the Varanasi-Shakti Nagar Highway for four hours demanding compensation to the kin of deceased persons and action against the guilty. Sonbhadra district magistrate V V Pant admitted that the mine was being operated illegally and safety norms were violated.He told TOI, \"The mine was closed. It could be operated only after submission of mine safety certificate. It seems the mining started as most district officials were engaged in election process. A letter would be forwarded to the state government seeking compensation from the CM relief fund.\"According to reports, the incident took place at 7.30 pm on Monday when the labourers were busy in mining of stones in an illegal mine. Two electricity poles of high tension wires had also fallen due to the landslide. The local administration and police swung into action after getting the information. Initially the bodies of seven labourers were recovered during the rescue operation on Monday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076421", "title": "State wants men in white", "text": "MUMBAI: The general administration department (GAD) will initiate action against class IV employees not dressed in white uniforms, which were given to them by the state, at Mantralaya. Ministers come dressed in immaculately clean white attire and babus in corporate outfits, while sepoys are mostly in loose shirts that are not tucked in.\"It is mandatory for the employees to wear white uniforms on duty. The government has also provided them the material. But most of them defy the government order while reporting to work. To ensure that peons follow the government dress code, GAD issued a circular warning of stern action against erring staff,\" a senior Mantralaya official said.\"The circular mentions that the laundry allowance should be discontinued and disciplinary action should be initiated against all the erring employees,\" the official added.Directives to this effect were issued on February 3. The order has not gone down well with the employees. \"Peons have to carry files from one department to other and clean tea cups in ministers' and bureaucrats' cabins. While doing such work, keeping a white uniform clean is difficult, especially with a monthly allowance of Rs50 given by the government for washing and ironing. The first order directing the employees to wear white was issued by the government in October 1970. The government must review its decision for the dress code,\" said a peon who has been at Mantralaya for nearly two decades.Former Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer Chandra Iyengar said, \"The dress code is necessary for peons as one has to identify them from other visiting staff. But the administration must think of changing the colour of the uniform, as maintaining white clothes is difficult.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12078164", "title": "We\u2019re doing everything to help: WonderLa", "text": "Arun K Chittilappilly, executive director, WonderLa Holidays Pvt Ltd, spoke to TOI on the tragedy and safety measures in place in the theme park.How well equipped is your park?The Bidadi water park has over 15 attractions and all are certified against international standards. At any given point in time, each play pool is monitored by 18 lifeguards and two security guards. Pool attendants, operators and lifeguards are trained to administer first aid. The park has over 20 attendants with two-way radio, is equipped with CCTV surveillance and a public address system for emergency warnings. The last security inspection was done in September 2011. We renew our operating licences annually.Are you going to pay relief to the deceased girl's family?Shabarin Taj's family is our top priority now and we are making every effort to be of help to the family. All our guests are insured against accidents.What safety steps were taken?When a lifeguard noticed Shabarin drowning, he jumped in, got two others to join, and got her out of the pool in 15 seconds. The first aid centre is very close to the play pool and the staff there administered CPR and oxygen immediately . When her breathing and pulse were recorded as normal, she was rushed to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "12078087", "title": "Patna High Court quashes engineering college order", "text": "MOTIHARI: The Patna high court has quashed the order of the Motihari Engineering College (MEC) expelling three students on charges of ragging of a fellow girl student. A high court bench of Justice Navin Sinha on Monday further directed the government college authority to pay Rs 1 lakh to each of the expelled student as compensation and the amount be deposited in students' welfare fund of the college.The court in its judgment has said no college can be allowed to play with the future of any student.It may be mentioned that three second year students of Motihari Engineering College -- Vivek Kumar, Gaurav Kumar and Rachana Kumari -- had been expelled on charge of ragging Monika Shailesh on December 23.The aggrieved students, including Vivek, approached the HC with writ petition to quash the expulsion order.The court has observed that the college administration had expelled the three students without any evidence given that there is no anti-ragging committee in the college as per the sanctioned standard and direction of the government.Officer on special duty (OSD)-cum-MEC principal Dr A K Mishra said he has received information of the HC judgment and the director of the state science and technology department Bhagawan Singh has directed him on telephone to allow the three students to appear in the first semester examination of second year in the college. Accordingly, he allowed them to take their exam as per the order.It may be recalled that on October 15, Shailesh, a first-year student of MEC, had complained to the OSD of the college that she was subjected to intense physical and mental torture by the three students.She had also lodged a case against them with the Motihari Mufassil police station on the same day. According to the OSD, the disciplinary committee of the college took up the matter and held detailed enquiry and sent report to the department for final action.The department passed the order of expulsion following the committee's recommendation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "agra", "code": "12077281", "title": "\u2018Sweet\u2019 16th attempt for this Agra candidate", "text": "AGRA: As Vinod Kumar Singh arrived at Basai Khurd polling booth here at 8am to cast his ballot, the eyes of voters standing in a long queue turned towards him. Singh is contesting from Agra Cantt as an Independent candidate. He grabbed the public attention with his attire -- dressed like Krishna, holding a flute,which is his election symbol, and a peacock feather tucked in his black turban. More than Singh's dress code, it's his political career which is rivetting.This is Singh's 16th election. In the past, he has contested six Lok Sabha, three Vidhan Sabha, a Vidhan Parishad and a Rajya Sabha elections.That's not all. Singh, a lawyer, has been in the fray for Agra mayor and corporator and also has nominated his name for the presidentship.\"I have papers to prove these claims,\" says the indefatiagble contestant. He further claims his uncle Rajesh Kumar Singh has been an MLA and MP. Despite his indomitable `political' spirit, this lawyer has failed to win a single election. \"It's (defeats) all because of corruption,\" he says.Though most of the elections were fought as an Independent, Singh also entered the fray in the past on Congress ticket. The 'ekla chalo re' man says he is able to hold on to his ground against political heavyweights because of Krishna's blessings. He counts BJP as his arch competitor and is confident of win this time.\"But in case I fail to win, I will keep contesting till Krishna wants me to,\" he says. Singh, a scheduled caste, says he should be given a chance to serve the public. Meanwhile, polling at Basai started an hour late because of snag in EVM. Basai, about 2km from the Taj, is a semi-urban constituency.It's time to bring back old parties, said Krishna, a voter, hinting at Congress' revival. Locals said the fight in the constituency is between SP and Congress. At Kachpura in Etmadpur seat, by 9am, only 12% votes had been polled. The voters said the contest is between SP and BSP. Etmadpur has 3.45 lakh voters, of whom Kachpura has some 4,000 voters. Kachpura, barely 1km from the monument of love, is a slum. Dirty drains, narrow bylanes, lack of drinking water facility, and erratic power supply are its main woes. Residents rue about a private power distribution company of sending faulty bills.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12075891", "title": "Water connection to BPL families soon: Deputy mayor", "text": "HUBLI: Water Board officials should provide tap connections to the people of the twin cities as soon as possible as per the circular issued by the state government in 2009 under the welfare scheme meant for poor living below poverty line, said, deputy mayor Narayan Jartarghar.He was speaking at general body meeting of the corporation here on Tuesday. BJP member Ramanna Badiger raised the issue of water connections in the twin cities and he said that no connection has been given to the people under this welfare scheme, which was implemented by the government in 2009. Even though the mayor has directed the Water Board three times earlier to provide connection to people under this scheme, the Board did not take any steps to provide connection.Corporater Raghavendra Ramdurga said that about 400 people were identified under this scheme to provide water connections but still not a single person has been given water connection. Water board executive engineer Jayaram said, \"We called tender for providing connections, but we did not get skilled workers. So we had to call re-tender and hence there is some delay in providing tap connection. Soon, we will start work to provide tap connection under the scheme.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12076554", "title": "EVM glitch: Repoll at booth likely", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Polling could have been significantly high across the district on Tuesday in comparison to the last Assembly polls had hundreds of voters at many polling booths not returned home without casting their votes.The Election Commission said there were irregularities in the use of electronic voting machines at Ghaziabad. election commissioner Vinod Zutshi said repolling may take place due to irregularities in the use of EVM at polling station-67 in SR Public School where the officials included the mock poll votes in the total number of votes polled. \"This calls for a possible repolling after scrutiny,\" he said.Several voters complained of not being allowed to cast their votes despite having documentary proofs. They alleged that they were denied their political rights since their names were not on the list.The incidents were reported from polling booths at Kaushambi, Rajnagar, Indirapuram, Vasundhara and Vaishali, among others. Voters alleged that either their names were missing from the final list available with the booth officials or there were factual discrepancies. In some cases, same names were in more than one constituency.\"I have a valid voter I-card and also a voting slip. But when I came here the BLO did not find my name on the list. I don't know how many would have been returned like this,\" said Sumit Malhotra, who had come to vote at Sambhu Dayal College in main Ghaziabad city.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12077257", "title": "Stray clashes mark sixth phase polling", "text": "LUCKNOW: Amid sporadic incidents of violence, polling for the sixth phase concluded on Tuesday in 13 districts across the state. Hathras, however, remained peaceful despite fears of violence in the light of Monday incident when cops deployed on election duty had gone on a rampage after one of them was slapped by a senior officer.Though Election Commission admitted that stray instances of violence were reported, chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha denied reports of firing during clashes in Agra. He said 58 complaints were received of which 27 were related to malfunctioning of EVMs. In all the 27 cases, EVMs were replaced and the polling continued unhindered thereafter.In the first incident of violence, an irate mob attacked the police and poll officials with stones and bricks at Sherkhan locality in Etmdapur area of Agra. The mob went berserk accusing the polling staff and police of forcing the electorate to poll in favour of a particular party. Allegations are when some voters refused to follow the alleged dictates, they were not allowed to cast their vote. Some unidentified miscreants allegedly opened fire in the air. The sector magistrate and his team had a tough time controlling the situation. The sector magistrate Rajiv Pathak and a local were injured in the clash.The second incident was reported from Bhelolpur polling station in Noida where BSP and SP supporters resorted to brick-batting accusing each other of bogus voting. The situation took a turn for the worse when the two sides blocked the National Highway 24 demanding repoll at the particular station and action against the rival group.In Greater Noida, violence broke out between BJP and BSP supporters in Jaitpur area of Dadri. In most of the cases, violence occurred due to confrontation between supporters of rival political parties.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12076157", "title": "Jail administration appears to have collapsed: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the Rajasthan high court comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) came down heavily on the prison authorities on Tuesday taking suo motu cognizance of news reports that criminals are openly using mobile phones inside jails in state.\"It is a serious matter in which it appears that the jail administration appears to be at the verge of collapse,\" Chief Justice Mishra observed.Peeved with the news published in various newspapers, including Times of India, that a hardcore criminal Atish Garg was running a threat and extortion racket from the central jail, Ajmer, Justice Mishra said, \"Prisoners are being incarcerated with a view to prevent them from committing offence. In case they are getting offence committed while remaining inside the jail, the state cannot escape the responsibility.\"\"We direct the jail administration to search all the jails in state of Rajasthan and to ensure that none of the prisoners in entire Rajasthan is possessing any mobile or any such electronic device by which he can communicate with the outside world,\" the division bench directed.The court further directed the additional advocate general N A Naquvi to make compliance of the order in two days and further directed DG prisons to appear in person on March 2 with the compliance report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12078477", "title": "Vice-Chancellors of 8 state universities meet education minister", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said on Tuesday that the state government will discuss pension schemes for university professors in the ensuing budget session of assembly. Biswas was speaking at a meeting on developmental schemes required for the state's universities.Assam Governor JB Patnaik and vice-chancellors of eight universities attending the meeting called to discuss the how these developmental schemes could be implemented. The issue of raising the retirement age of professors to 65 and other financial schemes required for development of infrastructure in the universities were also discussed at the meeting.The education minister said that the details about the pension schemes will be divulged later. He added that the state government will be discussing the pension schemes in the budget session. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12075736", "title": "Fire mishap averted", "text": "MYSORE: Fire personnel averted a major fire mishap by dousing the fire just 10 feet away from Falcon Tyres Ltd on KRS Road. The fire caught huge quantity of waste tyres and rubbers dumped in one acre of land on Tuesday. The presence of dry bush and Nilgiri trees aggravated the fire. Four fire-extinguishing vehicles were summoned to the spot immediately. They took three hours to douse the fire. A fire officer said someone might have thrown a cigarette at the bush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12078185", "title": "All India strike has little impact in south TN", "text": "MADURAI: The all-India strike called by trade unions had little impact on normalcy in Madurai and other southern districts, except for the stalling of banking operations.All the government buses were operated across the region. A section of auto rickshaw drivers kept off the roads, though it failed to make an impact on day-to-day life.\"All the 1,025 buses in Madurai region of TNSTC, including mofussil buses were operated during the day. In fact, we operated about 18 additional buses to meet the requirements of passengers. There was no hindrance from any quarter to ply the buses as police protection was given in vital points across the region,\" said a senior TNSTC officer.However, a section of the TNSTC workers failed to report for duty. \"About 20% of the 7,000-strong bus crew in the division were absent,\" said the officer. He, however, added that the absence could not be attributed as a support for the strike call. Soon after the all-India strike call by various trade unions and political parties to condemn the Centre for price rise and alleged anti-labour policies, the Tamil Nadu government sprung into action to ensure that the public were not affected. Though banks and insurance companies had declared that they would remain shut, private banks continued to function. Automatic teller machines of private banks were stocked with cash on Monday itself. The government had also taken efforts to ensure that public transport system was not affected. Steps were taken to provide adequate transport to office goers, school and college students and women.A section of auto rickshaws, including share autos, owned by drivers affiliated to few trade unions participated in the strike.In Madurai, three rallies were taken out protesting the Centre's policies - one by bank employees, the other by workers of Life Insurance Corporation and the third by members of trade unions like CITU, AITUC, INTUC, HMS, LPF and Tamil Nadu Government Employees Association. They demanded that the Centre should immediately curtail inflation to prevent the economy from deteriorating. They also demanded the Centre to generate more employment avenues for youth, desist from selling shares of public sector undertakings and drop the new pension scheme terming these attempts as anti-employee. Staff of the State Bank of India also staged a demonstration.In Tirunelveli, Kanyakumari, Virudhunagar and other southern districts too normalcy prevailed but for the closed nationalised banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12078686", "title": "Trade unions' strike paralyzes region", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The All India strike call given by the trade unions on Tuesday adversely affected the day-to-day chores. A septuagenarian died as he could not get timely treatment due to the non-availability of the health department officials in Jind. It was a day of much anguish for people living in Rohtak, Sonipat, Faridabad and Gurgaon, who make use of the public transport everyday.According to information, a resident of Bhiwani Road area in Jind, Rajinder Singh, had been ill for the past few days and was rushed to General Hospital by his wife Bala.Patient's kin Ram Karan said the doctors did not attend to them and the X-Ray lab technicians refused to carry out their responsibilities, and asked Bala to take the patient to some private diagnostic centre. Rajinder died on the way, said Ram Karan.In the meantime, director general of health services (DGHS) Haryana, Dr Narvir Singh, said, \"The strike was by the labour unions and the doctors were not a part of it. We have asked the Jind civil surgeon to probe the incident. Details of employees who participated in the strike have been sought and stern action shall be taken against them.\"Situation turned from bad to worse across the state, especially in the cities of Hisar, Jind and Mahendergarh. The residents complained of being fleeced by private operators as the public transport and railway services were not available.A passenger, Pankaj Kumar, rued, \"How am I to reach Delhi? I received an important job-related call but there is no way to travel. Buses are off the road and the trains services are non-existent.\"Traffic manager of Sirsa depot Ram Kumar said, \"We tried plying two buses on the Delhi route in the morning but these were waylaid by the protesters in Fatehabad, and sent back to Sirsa. We cannot do anything.\"(With inputs from Bhaskar Mukherjee, Deepender Deswal and Pardeep Rai)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12077672", "title": "Man shoots married woman dead", "text": "AMRAVATI: A man shot a married woman dead near Tiwsa in the wee hours of Tuesday and then attempted suicide by consuming sedatives. Both are residents of Manewada in Nagpur and extra-marital relations was said to be the reason behind the incident.Police said that the body of Vaishali Upathale (35) was found in an Indica car (MH-31/DK 7171) parked in front of Lalasaheb Deshmukh College on Tiwsa-Mozri road. The cops also found drugged Nitin Kusarkar (32) on Mozri-Tiwsa road and rushed him to Rural Hospital. He was then shifted to a private hospital here. Nitin had left Nagpur with Vaishali, mother of two, in his car.Before taking sedatives, Nitin had called up his relatives saying he was taking the extreme step. The relatives immediately informed his wife Rupali who alerted the Nagpur police. A team of Tiwsa police rushed to the spot to find Nitin lying near the toll booth.Police said that Nitin had shot Vaishali around 2am on Tuesday by a revolver which was found in his hand. The bullet pierced through Vaishali's head and she collapsed in a pool of blood. Police have seized the revolver and also arrested driver Kishor Urade.On the fateful night, they had a heated exchange following which Nitin shot her. Driver of the car gave evasive replies during interrogation. Police said that Nitin was married to Rupali just a month back while Vaishali was a mother of two children. Wife of Nitin, his parents and husband of Vaishali have been called by Tiwsa police for interrogation. Police also recovered three strips of sedatives from the car. Tiwsa police have registered a case of murder against Nitin and driver Urade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12078528", "title": "Activist takes claim about polio with a pinch of salt", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as the government claims to have achieved success in combating polio, there are some who have raised doubts over the statistics released by the health department.A few days ago, the health department released a statistics stating that more than 5.52 lakh children below five years of age were given polio drops in Indore district.Questioning the claim, a social activist, Kishor Kodwani, said how can the department administer polio to 5.52 lakh children when the district has nearly 4.52 lakh children below five years of age according to the Census 2011. The total population of the district is 32.72 lakh.Refuting any allegation of manipulation and irregularities in the polio drive, chief medical health office (CMHO) Dr Sharad Pandit said, \"We have administered polio drops to more than 5.52 lakh children without any lapses. The high number of figure is mainly due to the floating population of Indore.\"He said Indore has around 2 lakh floating population while thousands of people migrate here in search of livelihood.\"There is no scope of irregularities in the drive as it is being supported and monitored by the Unicef and government agencies,\" claimed Dr Pandit, adding that polio has been eradicated from the country and this would soon be certified by WHO.He claimed that during the recent drive, the department had installed 245 polio booths in the city while nearly 600 centres were set up in the rural areas.Besides this, all the entry and exit points in the city had mobile polio drop centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12076584", "title": "TCP officials face ire of Siolim parishioners, priest", "text": "MAPUSA: Tension prevailed at Tropa in Sodiem-Siolim on Tuesday evening when town and country planning (TCP) officials began inspecting the property of Our Lady of the Consolation of the Persecuted church at 4pm, without prior intimation to the church authorities.The inspection of the empty space attached to the church, fenced with a compound wall, was being conducted by deputy town planner of Mapusa R N Volvoikar and three other staff members. The inspection was in connection with an ongoing case over the said property being illegal. The case has been registered with the deputy director of panchayats.The church authorities say the officials had not informed them about the inspection and they rang the church bell to summon all the parishioners to the church.\"The case is with the deputy director of panchayats. How then, can these officials come and incpect the site when the matter is sub judice?\" asked parish priest Fr Joseph Fernandes.He added, \"I did not receive any intimation about the inspection, nor did they seek our permission. They just entered the gate and started measuring the area. What provision of law gives them the authority to do this?\" Attorney of the church Isaac D'Souza agreed, \"It was their duty to inform the priest. They cannot enter the church property without permission. Even when we asked them who they were, they failed to provide their identities.\"The gathered parishioners then held the TCP officials inside the church and demanded an explanation. The officials then provided a written apology to the church authorities.\"We were conducting the inspection and measuring the area without informing the parish priest. We started the inspection with engineer Agnelo Oliveira who is not the authority of the church. I apologize for the great mistake as I am unaware under what provision of law I conducted the inspection as the matter is sub judice,\" the apology letter signed by Volvoikar states.Later, the Mapusa police intervened in the matter and directed the TCP officials to issue a fresh notice informing the church authorities about the inspection and to also give them sufficient time. The officials were released at 7.15pm after the matter was resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12077422", "title": "Kripashankar, kin booked in DA case", "text": "MUMBAI: The special investigation team appointed by city police commissioner Arup Patnaik on the orders of the Bombay high court on Tuesday filed an FIR against Congress leader Kripashankar Singh in the disproportionate assets case.The FIR, filed at Nirmal Nagar police station in Bandra, also names Singh's wife Malti Devi, son Narendra Mohan Singh, daughter Sunita Singh, son-in-law Vijay Singh and daughter-in-law Ankita Singh. They have been booked under IPC sections 409, 471, 420, 467, 468 and 201 for criminal breach of trust by a public servant, forgery, cheating and destruction of evidence.The Prevention of Corruption Act has also been invoked in the case. The SIT team, comprising 10 officials and headed by additional commissioner of police, Economic Offences Wing, Rajwardhan Sinha, filed the FIR in the evening and took over the investigations. According to the procedure in case of cheating, forgery or white collar crimes exceeding Rs 25 lakh, the EOW files an FIR at a local police station and takes over the probe. An officer said Nirmal Nagar was chosen to file the FIR because Singh lives in Sai Prasad building at Kalanagar, Bandra.Interestingly, according to the ACB's inquiry report, Singh owns two benami flats in the building-one in the name of his brother-in-law Surendra Singh and the other in the name of Ramshankar Pandey a distant relative.While Patnaik was unavailable for comment, Sinha refused to confirm the FIR, stating that the investigations were highly confidential. Sources said the SIT has attached Singh's properties in Carter Road, Nirmal Nagar and Powai in the city and a few others in places like Jaunpur, Ranchi and Lucknow. The HC has directed SIT to submit its report on April 19. According to sources, the police officials are likely to seek help from private chartered accountants as well ACB officials who had inquired into Singh's assets.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi had last Wednesday directed Patnaik to file an FIR against Singh for criminal misconduct and attach properties belonging to him and his family members under the Prevention of Corruption Act. The court's order came during the hearing of a PIL filed by activist Sanjay Tiwari last year alleging that Singh had amassed crores of rupees disproportionate to his known sources of income.Stating that the PIL's memo be treated as an FIR, the HC directed he Mumbai police chief to personally investigate the criminal case against Singh and his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078403", "title": "Absent teachers to face action: GSHSEB", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials have decided to crack a whip on schools that fail to send teachers for paper assessment of SSC and HSC exams as per the orders released by the board.Officials said that teachers who will remain absent for the assessment work will invite action which may also include a pay cut. They are also deliberating action against schools which do not have requisite number of teachers to set an example this year.The board this year has sent detailed orders to schools asking their teachers to remain present for the assessment work. This time, orders have been sent per the details of staff and subject teachers furnished by the schools earlier this year to prevent absence on grounds that schools do not have requisite number of teachers to be spared for the paper checking duty.\"There is a possibility of action against 25-odd schools for not recruiting adequate staff as per rules and regulations,\" a board official said.It needs mention that the board battles the headache of 40 per cent teachers requisitioned for board exam assessment not turning up for paper checking duty. The board officials want the assessment work to be completed in 15 days but the process takes over a month to complete due to the less number of teachers turning up for work.Chairman of GSHSEB R R Varsani said schools have sent details such as the number and names of the subject teachers and the assessment work has been allocated as per these details to rule out any absence during the paper assessment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12076609", "title": "BHU to develop avenues for water sports", "text": "VARANASI: There is some good news for sports lovers in the city. The University Mountaineering Centre (UMC), Banaras Hindu University (BHU), in association with naval wing of National Cadet Corps (NCC), BHU , will soon explore opportunities to developing avenues for water sports in the city.While speaking to TOI during the seven-day national workshop on 'adventure sports' and certificate course in mountaineering and allied sports, organising secretary of the workshop and programme coordinator Vikram Singh said that adventure sports these days have become job oriented as well, which is why it is necessary to develop them and train students in its different fields. \"Developing these sports need a good amount of funds, as one sport boat costs around Rs 7-8 lakh while a parachute costs around Rs 5 lakh, it will take around a year to make these two adventure sports a regular feature in the university.According to Singh, UMC will also soon have an artificial wall for practical training of students on the campus itself. \"A budget of Rs 8 lakh has been finalised for this, a proper wall of about 30 feet height with all necessary arrangements needed while learning to climb, monkey crawling will be constructed at the UMC campus in six months time so that students pursuing certificate and diploma courses can learn the basic practical skills at the centre itself,\" Singh said. It is noteworthy that till date, there was no artificial wall arranged at the UMC, and students used the UMC building itself to learn the techniques of mountaineering during the workshop that started from February 23 to 29. However, the workshop dealt with theoretical aspects of many areas of adventure sports, especially water sports including river rafting, kayaking, paragliding, monkey crawling, air sports, marshal arts, mountaineering and allied sports. Faculty members of different universities and colleges of the country, sports lovers along with over 250 delegates attended the event. According to Majeet Sahrawat, faculty member of National Institute of Water Sports, Goa, who discussed the job opportunities and career in adventure sports during the workshop, there are huge job opportunities in adventure sports in almost all the states.\"In adventure sports, apart from management teams and technicians, professionals are also needed who know life-saving techniques to save a person's life in and outside water. At present, Kerala, Goa, Maharashtra are places where jobs are available in water sports,\" he said.Neha Singh, a BA student at Women's College, BHU, felt inspired after meeting first lady Everester (twice) Santosh Yadav during the inauguration of the workshop. She said, \"The lecture sessions by professionals and experts told us about the Himalayan ranges, degradation of environment. Alongside the national workshop, the UMC also organised a photo exhibition at the exhibition gallery, faculty of visual arts, BHU, in which photographs of Himalayan ranges, adventure sports and flora and fauna of mountains were displayed for the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi/chennai", "code": "12078533", "title": "N-stir: NGOs booked for diverting funds", "text": "NEW DELHI/CHENNAI: Acting on the findings of a \"discreet\" inquiry against non-governmental organizations opposing the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant, investigating agencies on Tuesday initiated probe against four of them with two cases each being registered by the Tamil Nadu police's crime branch and the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) for \"diversion\" of funds.\"Cases have been registered against four NGOs for violation of the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA),\" home secretary R K Singh said.Reports gathered by the home ministry showed that funds received from the US and Sweden were diverted by local NGOs, including some church groups, to fuel the stir.The government has gone on the offensive with sources claiming that the popular mood in Tamil Nadu was turning against the activists who were being seen as obstructionists opposed to nuclear power at all costs. \"The activists are out to sabotage India's nuclear programme,\" said a minister.It is felt that the severe power shortage in the state has eroded any sympathy for the blockade at Kudankulam.Activist S P Udayakumar, who is leading protests, has sent a defamation notice to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, drawing a sharp response from minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy, who asked him to explain his links to foreign NGOs. \"Udayakumar has been asked to explain his links to a Swedish NGO,\" he said.Unfazed by the defamation notice, government sources said the activists would be hard put to defend themselves against the charges of misusing the provisions of the FCRA. The action came days after Manmohan Singh stated that NGOs had received support from abroad for leading protests against the much-awaited nuclear power plant being built in collaboration with Russia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12078590", "title": "Decide candidate's complaint in 5 days, HC to Manipur officer", "text": "IMPHAL: The Gauhati high court on Monday directed a returning officer (RO) of the recently conducted state assembly polls to take a decision on the representations filed by candidate T Nengzakham. The candidate, who contested from Thanlon constituency in Churachandpur on Jai Maha Bhrati Party (JMBP) ticket, alleged that the letter T from his name was missing in the EVM and it was written as 'Nengzakham'.Stating that the letter T stands for Tombing and people know him as 'T Nengzakham', the petitioner said he has lost the chance of winning the election as his name was not written and displayed correctly in the EVM. He filed a representation to the RO on January 28. He filed a reminder representation on February 1 and forwarded similar copies to the chief election commissioner and the state chief election officer, requesting the RO to declare the poll in the constituency as void and allow a fresh poll. He moved the court his representations were not complied with by the RO.In the landmark verdict, Justice T Vaiphei said the sole question which the petition brings into consideration is \"whether this Court in exercise of its writ jurisdiction under Article 226 of the Constitution of India\" can direct the RO (Churachandpur) to dispose the representation filed by the petitioner for reference to the EC.As reflected in the ruling, Advocate Serto T Kom , who appeared on behalf of the petitioner, argued that the \"petitioner will , in no way retard or interrupt or protract or stall the election process, and such direction may be issued by the court to enable him to contest the election in a meaningful and purposeful manner.\"\"In my judgment, the entertainment of this writ petition, on the peculiar facts of this case, will not amount to retarding, interrupting, protracting or stalling the election proceedings. This Court is not staying or halting the election process; it merely wants the Returning Officer and the Election Commission to discharge the duty imposed upon them by the statute,\" advocate Serto T Kom , who appeared on behalf of the petitioner, said.In its Imphal bench sitting, the court asked the RO (Churachandpur district) to take the decision within five days of the receipt of the judgment.To elect sixty legislatures for the ensuing tenth Manipur assembly, the state went to the polls on January 28 and a repoll was conducted on February 4 in 34 booths in the hills.Assembly elections 2012 newsManipur assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12078444", "title": "Nurses to meet health minister over wage revision", "text": "INDORE: The nursing staff of MY Hospital, who had threatened to go on an indefinite strike from Thursday demanding the implementation of the Brahmswaroop Committee recommendations to hike the wages of nurses, will meet state minister for health Mahendra Hardia on Wednesday in the state capital.\"We have been called for a meeting with the minister to sort out the issues of the MY nurses. We have been demanding to increase stipend since long. We will go on strike if the government does not accept our demands,\" said Rekha Mahadik, divisional president of the Nursing Staff Association.The association has been protesting for more than a week now to press for their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12078161", "title": "SI held in Madurai for abducting woman, child", "text": "MADURAI: The city police have arrested Perumal Raj, a sub inspector of police (crimes), Sellur police station for allegedly abducting the wife of a disabled person.In a complaint given to the inspector general police, south zone, C Chinnadurai (48) claimed that he was a domestic cook of late chief minister MGR and after his demise he was employed as a mechanic at Nallamani Transports, Uthangudi, Madurai. He was married to Kaleeswari (34) and the couple lived with their daughter. Chinnadurai alleged that Perumal Raj, a sub inspector was his customer and had eloped with his wife after they developed an intimacy. After the incident, he lodged complaint and gave representations to top police officers.According to the complainant, after his wife was abducted, he was residing along with his minor daughter. But on February 26, at about 11pm, the sub inspector along with two other constables entered into his house and forcibly took away his daughter and fled in a police jeep, he said.Meanwhile, filing a habeas corpus petition in the Madurai bench seeking to rescue the minor daughter from the illegal custody of the SI, Chinnadurai said, \"I am a deaf and dumb person, I could not save my daughter. I could not resist the action of the sub inspector and others because on earlier occasions, I was badly beaten by him.\"In his petition, Chinnadurai further said the neighbours also did not come to his rescue. So he went to a public telephone booth and requested a bystander to call the police. The said person called up the control room and informed them of the abduction of his daughter to the concerned officials.When the matter came up before the bench comprising Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar and Justice P Devadass, additional public prosecutor A Ramar submitted that Perumal Raj was arrested and was produced before the judicial magistrate. The minor daughter was also produced before the court. When the judges questioned her, the minor girl stated that she was willing to live with her father.Passing an order on the petition, the judges said as per the girl's wish, she was directed to go with her father. As the father and daughter apprehended danger and therefore the Bench said sufficient protection should be given until they reach their home safe. In future if the need arises, the IG is directed to consider the representation and pass appropriate orders to provide necessary protection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mysore/ hassan", "code": "12075669", "title": "Mixed response to bandh in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE/ HASSAN: The nationwide bandh called by trade unions received a mixed response in Mysore with some education institutions shutting down, and business establishments operating on Tuesday.Banks and insurance companies remained closed, but it was business as usual as the commercial district remained open. Autorickshaw and city buses operated. Playing safe, some schools and colleges, including Marimalappa's and Banumaiah's in the city centre, suspended their classes.Left-affiliated trade unions staged a protest at Gandhi Square, where the commercial establishments suspended operations briefly as a mark of support to the trade unions. The bandh was called against spiraling of prices of essential commodities. The activists took out a protest rally too.The bandh evoked good response in Hassan. Members of trade unions blocked a road near Hemavathi statue and burnt tyres. Later, various trade unions took out a procession protesting against price hike. They also formed a human chain by blocking the road at NR Circle. All shop owners and workers participated in the protest. Educational institutions and business establishments remained, while vehicles were off the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076427", "title": "Pulses scam: Babus unable to explain Rs 1,200cr loss", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has been unable to explain why public sector firms imported pulses at a loss of 21%-30% a year from 2006 to 2011 adding up to Rs 1,200 crore, while private importers did not appear to have suffered such a misfortune.Questioned by Parliament's Public Accounts Committee about the \" pulses scam\" revealed in a Comptroller and Auditor General report, senior commerce and consumer affairs officials has no answers about the discrepancy between loss-making government importers and private concerns.About one-third of India's pulse imports are sourced by government concerns like Nafed which then tender the legumes on arrival, a process that has apparently benefitted a clutch of four to five private parties. Despite government subsidies, prices have remained high while some private interests profited.Panel members asked commerce secretary Rahul Khullar and consumer affairs secretary Rajiv Aggarwal why the government had been hit by a double whammy having to pay subsidies while the professed objective of controlling prices and offering relief to consumers was not achieved.\"Were private importers being charitable?\" in importing pulses at a loss, a committee member asked the officials. The government is finding it difficult to explain the losses it has incurred in the context of the profits made by contractors or distributors who marketed the pulses without a significant impact on the price line.The PAC members did not question policy as importing foodgrain at a loss to the government can be seen as intended to ease market distress. Its implementation is seen to be not only tardy, but also impaired by `corruption'. The secretaries are expected to get back to the committee with more precise responses.The Opposition has demanded an explanation for the irregularities that date to agriculture minister Sharad Pawar's stewardship of the food and public distribution ministry and the Central Bureau of Investigation has begun an inquiry.The official auditor said the ministry failed to oversee import of pulses and that there was no well-planned strategy to ensure their efficient distribution. Instead of the government distributing low-cost imported pulses, private firms were given the imported consignments through questionable tenders.State-owned trading agencies imported 30.04 lakh tonnes and sold 26.95 lakh tonnes of pulses and the CAG has said prices offered by bidders were substantially lower than the import prices paid. This meant that pulses were sold at substantial losses.A loss to the tune of about Rs 900 crore was incurred on account of yellow peas that continued to be imported despite negligible demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12078192", "title": "Deported German did not fund nuke protests: PMANE", "text": "MADURAI: The deportation of German national, Sonntag Rainer Hermann proves that he was innocent and had not funded the anti-nuclear struggles, the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE), which is heading the anti-Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP) struggle at Idinthakarai, said.Hermann was detained by security agencies from a lodge at Nagercoil on Monday night and was deported on Tuesday morning. S P Udayakumar, convener of PMANE told media persons on Tuesday that Hermann was an anti-nuclear activist, who participated in all anti-nuclear struggles across the globe.He was present during the struggles at Jaitapur in Maharastra and had visited Kudankulam two years ago. However, he was not involved in any funding, he said. \"Through such measures, the Centre is trying to prove its claim that anti-nuclear struggles are funded by foreign powers. The deporting of Hermann itself proves he was innocent and had he been involved in such funding, he would have been detained in India,\" Udayakumar said.\"The Central government and Atomic Energy Commission are spreading false propaganda to tarnish the image of agitators at Kudankulam,\" he charged.Meanwhile, R S Lal Mohan from Conservation of Nature Trust, Nagercoil, with whom officials claimed the German was associated with, has also stressed that if the government had proof that Hermann supported the agitation by funding Rs 500 crore, it should have detained him in India.In a statement to the media, Mohan said Hermann was a nature lover and called him a few times to inform him about the dolphins and other nature-related issues. \"He discussed the nature and tree planting movement and was an ordinary tourist living on his own money. He was a frugal man living a simple life with the earnings he saved as a computer technologist. He used to spend his retired life in India, Nepal, Thailand, Cambodia and Laos.He used to stay in low-budget hotels because he couldn't afford expensive accommodation,\" the release said. Hermann had a high degree of social consciousness and it was wrong to think he supported the anti-Kudankulam agitation, Mohan stressed. He also criticised the way he was handled by the security agencies.\"It is wrong on the part of the police to treat him shabbily. India is inviting tourists and many people come to Kanyakumari district as tourists. The treatment of Hermann will carry a wrong impression on the tourists from Germany. The nuclear pro-lobby wants to mislead the people that foreigners like Hermann, support the agitation,\" he reiterated.Meanwhile, local sources said that Ganga Tamil Nadu lodge in Court Road is a low-budget hotel not preferred by foreigners. Hermann would leave his room by early morning and used to return late in the nights and never associated with any hotel staff. The hotel staff had no idea where he roamed all day during his stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077739", "title": "Plan strategy to maximize marks", "text": "NAGPUR: The exam season now moves into top gear with CBSE &amp; SSC board papers starting from March 1. While CBSE's Std XII kicks off its exam calendar with English, the SSC starts its innings with first language regionals (Hindi, Marathi etc).With CBSE's English subject being a three-hour lengthy paper it is important for students to chart out a proper strategy for maximizing scores.Lucky Sadrani, English teacher at Ira International School, advises CBSE students on ways to crack tomorrow's paper.Zhe paper is divided into three sections, (I) Reading of 20 marks (ii) Advanced writing skills of 35 marks and (iii) Literature of 45 marks.Students should always try to solve the literature section first because the content is known to them through textbooks. Content from the main reader Flamingo carries 30 marks while the supplementary reader, Future Vistas, carries 15 marks.In Reading section, there is an unseen passage for 12 marks that most students attempt casually and lose marks. First step is to read passage quickly and get a general sense. Then read each question followed by rereading of the passage selectively to find answers. Lastly, concentrate on each question so that you can derive maximum marks from this very scoring area.Second part of Reading section is notemaking and students should read the passage to get a gist of it. Underline or make mental notes of main idea, add the sub points which supplement the main points.The Advanced Writing section comprises writing notices, ads, letters to editor or business letters, factual description and report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12077545", "title": "Banks, insurance firms worst hit by trade union strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Touted as one of the largest post-Independence strike supported by all the major trade unions cutting across party lines, Tuesday's display of public anger against price rise lived up to its billing in some parts but failed to meet the expectations of the unionists in others.While public sector banks were shut across the country and transport was hit in some states due to the nationwide strike called by 11 major trade unions that included CITU, INTUC, AITUC and HMS, other aspects of life that took a hit were public transport and insurance companies.Even defence production was hit with the ordnance factory in Nagpur, which makes artillery shells including the Pinaka rockets, shut with more than 3,000 workers blocking the gates. This was the first ever total strike in the ordnance factory in a decade. Other ordnance factories closed were those in Chandrapur and Bhandara where not one single worker came to work.Life in cities including Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai, was normal. States like Kerala, Bihar, Rajasthan and Tripura were shut down. The impact was felt in northeastern states. In Manipur and Assam, the strike was total while the impact was partial in Meghalaya.Senior CPI and AITUC leader Gurudas Dasgupta said, \"The northeastern states have never before been responsive to a general strike like this.\" Telecom sector, BHEL and HAL, too, were hit by the strike. In Assam, Oil India Limited's plant at Duliajan was hit by the strike as employees put up pickets.The strike evoked mixed response in West Bengal. The Trinamool Congress government pulled all the stops to neutralize the strike. It ensured buses, trams, Metro and trains plied. But most people preferred to stay home for fear of violence. Government employees came to work, threatened by CM Mamata Banerjee with a break in service if they were absent. Government employees camped overnight or left home for work early morning. \"The attendance in Writers' Buildings is between 98% and 100%, barring two departments,\" Mamata said.In Mumbai, the strike was restricted to banks and insurance companies. \"The shutdown in the banking and financial sector was complete. The RBI's clearing houses were shut,\" said All India Bank Employees Association general secretary Vishwas Utagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078426", "title": "HC slams ED, CBI for tardy Adarsh probe", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday expressed its strong displeasure at the \"serious lapse\" on part of the Enforcement Directorate (ED) in probing allegations of money laundering against high-profile members of the scam-hit Adarsh Cooperative Housing Society. It has summoned the ED director personally to court on March 12 to state the investigation agency's stand against Adarsh members.The court also reprimanded the CBI for its tardy progress and warned against forcing it to set up a special team. The court sought three separate status reports from the CBI on Adarsh investigations into the missing files case, the main case involving allegations against three former chief ministers, Sushilkumar Shinde , Vilasrao Deshmukh and Ashok Chavan , in the benami properties issue. \"If we are satisfied with the status report, we will grant you more time to investigate. If it seems that you are inactive, then a special team would have to be formed to probe the matter ,\" a bench of Justices P B Majmudar and R D Dhanuka told the probe agency.The CBI had started its investigations into Adarsh last January. The court remarked , \"Why have you not finished the investigation till now? It is a matter where many big names are concerned.\" It added, \"You (CBI) must be careful, but at the same time you cannot let people question your credibility.\"Abench of the Bombay High Court, comprising Justices P B Majmudar and R D Dhanuka on Tuesday pulled up the central investigating agencies over the Adarsh probe. \"It is unfortunate that ED has remained a mute spectator,\" the bench said and added, \"There is a serious lapse on the agency's part for not probing into the money laundering offence. ED has not moved an inch. It reflects a very sorry state of affairs.\" The bench was clearly concerned over the pace of the \"probe\" that was yet to begin after the ED lawyer sought to pass the buck by saying the agency had received no information from the CBI on the case.\"Why are you depending on the CBI?\" asked Justice Majmudar testily. \"You are a separate agency and can conduct the probe independently.\"The court asked the ED to inform what steps it contemplated to take now. \"We are summoning the director as there has been no assistance from his department to the court,\" Justice Majmudar said. Last May, Pravin Wategaonkar , a Thane resident and placement consultant, had filed a public interest litigation (PIL) before the HC alleging money-laundering in the sale of flats in the 31-storey residential tower where expensive flats were allotted to serving and retired army officers, politicians, former bureaucrats and their families at rates much lower than the market value. The PIL sought directions to the ED to investigate the moneylaundering angle in the scam as the source of funds was \"suspicious\" in several cases. He said this was clear from the information submitted by the members themselves to income-tax authorities, and the CBI report on the payment details of all 104 members.The court was hearing Wategaonkar's petition, along with an earlier PIL filed by social activist Simpreet Singh, alleging widespread irregularities and corruption behind the project in a prime location in Cuffe Parade on defence land meant to house Kargil war heroes. Singh had raised allegations against the three former CMs, and his lawyer Ashish Mehta urged the court to set up a special investigative team to take over the probe from the CBI. He said the petitioner's faith in the fairness of the CBI probe was fast fading.The CBI submitted an affidavit in court on Tuesday stating that the \"bank and cash transactions of 104 Adarsh members are under scrutiny by obtaining statements and various deposit slips from the various banks which are voluminous in nature\" .The agency said it wanted 12 more weeks to furnish a further report as it is \"also verifying the fund flow to ascertain the source of funds to find out benami transactions\".Wategaonkar pointed out that on December 20, 2011, the CBI had asked for two months. \"Now it's asking for three more. Such delay would shake public confidence in the process.\" Mehta then asked for three separate status reports in one week. The court considered both points and said, \"To retain public confidence, file three reports in two weeks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076608", "title": "India biggest consumer of heroin in South Asia, reveals UN drug report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Contrary to the impression that India is being used as a transit point by international traffickers to smuggle Afghan heroin to both Europe and the US, the United Nations drug report, 2011, has said that India is the biggest consumer of heroin. Of the 40 tonnes produced in south Asia, nearly 17 tonnes are consumed in India, the biggest consumer in the region with the trade valued at $1.4 billion.Besides its own consumption, India is the source for all supplies of heroin to Bangladesh and Nepal, at least half of what is consumed in Sri Lanka, and the rest is smuggled to the Island nation via Pakistan.While speaking at the release of the International Narcotics Control Board (INCB) annual drug report for 2011, Narcotics Control Bureau director general O P S Malik said the rising student population in some cities in south and western India has been the biggest consumer of drugs.Besides heroin and designer drugs use, the upwardly mobile population in metros have also been reason for India's rising demand for cocaine. More than 23 kg of cocaine was seized in Mumbai last year, a small percentage of the total consumption.INCB, a UN agency, reports that only 15 out of 40 tonnnes of heroin produced in the region was trafficked towards south-east Asia, Africa, North America, China and Europe. The rest all was consumed in the region, and majority of them is in India.The report estimates nearly three million opiate users in India, half of them being synthetic opiates. And of the 17 tonnes of pure heroin used, eight tonnes are of Afghan origin and nine tonnes are indigenously manufactured.The report expresses concern for the rising illicit cultivation of opium across India. \"In India, the total area under illicit opium cultivation is estimated to be at least 7,500 hectares,\" it said. In 2010, a total of 1,022 hectares of illicitly cultivated opium poppy were eradicated by anti-narcotics agencies. The UN Office of Drugs and Crime has said that there has been some diversion from the licit opium cultivation too.It also points out rising trend of prescription drug abuse. India has been blamed for smuggling of these drugs to both its neighbours and western nations. In India, Buprenorphine, pentazocine and sedatives such as diazepam, promethazine and pheniramine are widely abused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12076145", "title": "CBI seeks 14-day custody of Jain", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI on Tuesday sought 14-day police custody of suspended additional director general of police A K Jain, a day after he surrendered and was taken into one-day judicial custody for allegedly killing a liquor smuggler Dara Singh in a fake police shoot-out.After counter arguments from the defence protesting against CBI's application for police custody, the special CBI court reserved the decision for Wednesday. The court extended Jain's judicial custody for one more day.The 1978-batch IPS officer was brought to the court amid high security from the Jaipur Central Jail around 1.15 pm as CBI's investigating officer Santosh Kumar, other officers and lawyers wait for his arrival in the court.The prosecution's arguments were based on the fact that the CBI wanted to know more about the conspiracy behind Dara Singh's killing on October 23, 2006 as the accused ADG was heading the team of Rajasthan police's special operations group (SOG) involved in the alleged encounter.Without naming BJP leader Rajendra Singh Rathore, at whose alleged behest Dara was killed, special public prosecutor CBI Sarfaraz Haider Khan said, \"The agency needs to probe further into the entire conspiracy and the role of others. Besides, the agency needs to recover some items corroborating the fake encounter and to know who gave ADG Jain shelter during his nine-month-long disappearance,\" argued Khan.Khan said Jain has been booked under Section 120 B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and the investigating agency is entitled to interrogate an accused even after filing the charge-sheet against him under Section 167 of the CrPC.However, the defence argued that in the charge-sheet filed by the CBI in June last year, the agency has categorically concluded that investigation against 16 accused has been completed and they should be subjected to trial.\"When the investigation is complete, why does the CBI need a further police custody,\" ADG Jain's lawyers S S Hora and Amar Singh argued.Both sides cited several references of previous judgments by high courts and the Supreme Court to drive home their points as to whether an accused person's police remand could be obtained even after charge-sheet has been filed against him.The defence also argued that investigation is pending against only on Rajendra Singh Rathore as per the CBI chargesheet. On the CBI counsel's argument that Jain was absconding and was not available for questioning, the police officer's lawyers said the accused was seeking legal remedies over the past nine months which is his Constitutional right.Justice Mahendra Singhal asked Jain whether he had presented himself before the CBI to which the accused ADG said he made himself available for questioning twice.Ending a nine-month-long escape from the law in the Dara Singh fake encounter case, Jain who carried a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh, had surrendered before the special CBI court on Monday afternoon. Jain filed three applications through his counsel S S Hora seeking home cooked food, security in the jail and medical facilities which the court accepted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12078442", "title": "Schools with Sikh ethos are scheduled to open in UK", "text": "LONDON: More free schools with Sikh ethos are scheduled to open in the United Kingdom under the education plans of David Cameron government, that enable religious minorities to launch institutes catering to their faith and cultural beliefs.Free schools are part of the government's new policies which allow parents, charity organisations and faith groups, among others, to set them up.They are funded directly by the government, do not have to follow the national curriculum, but must provide a broad and balanced education.Multi-faith schools with Sikh, Hindu and other religious ethos are already in existence as the government implements the policy despite criticism that it is likely to \"fuel social segregation and undermine local democracy,\" as the National Union of Teachers put it.The latest Sikh free school catering to primary children in Birmingham was opened in the city in September 2011. It is called the Nishkam Primary School, launched by the Nishkam School Trust.The school is linked to a gurdwara in Soho Road. The secondary section of the Nishkam School is scheduled to open later this year, according to the department of education.There are demands that similar Sikh free schools be opened in Leicester, Leeds and Smethwick.Britain's first state-funded Hindu school opened in the London borough of Harrow in 2008. The first Hindu free school opened in Leicester last year, called the Krishna Avanti Primary School.Both schools are operated by the I Foundation. In Leicester, which has a large Sikh population, community leaders have applied to the government for permission to set up a free school and are in talks with local authorities over where it could be located.Indy Panesar, president of Ramgarhia Sikh Temple in Leicester, said: \"Many parents have approached us for setting up schools and after consultations with them and seeing that there's a demand, we have put together a business case for the government to look at.\"He said Leicester Mercury, a leading local daily: \"There is a sizeable Sikh community in Leicester and parents would like the option of sending their child to a school which has a background in the faith. So, after considering it for some time, we have decided to go ahead with this application.\"He said the school \"will be vegetarian\" and if approved, it could be launched in September 2013. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076521", "title": "All eyes on UP as govt to appoint new governors", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA government is to shortly appoint a new set of governors, with interest focused on whether B L Joshi continues in Lucknow Raj Bhawan after mid-April when his term comes to an end.According to sources in the home ministry, the exercise to fill vacancies in the Raj Bhawans in Rajasthan, Kerala and Goa is already underway, with the probables shortlisted.However, the interest in who gets picked up pales before the simmering speculation over whether incumbent Joshi continues in Lucknow Raj Bhawan. The issue of UP governorship has taken on importance because of indications that no party is headed to score an outright win in the assembly polls and that the state may have to be put under central rule.A school in Congress advocates a tie-up with Samajwadi Party which is widely perceived to be the frontrunner, but is not expected to reach the magic figure in the 403-strong UP assembly. An arrangement with SP will also bolster Congress's numerical cushion in the Lok Sabha which remains vulnerable to the increasingly assertive ways of restive ally, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee.A rival viewpoint holds that a tie-up with SP will be at the cost of Rahul Gandhi's plan to promote Congress's distinct plank. Those counseling the \"no truck\" approach also feel that the Centre can enhance the appeal of its development-based plank by energetically launching new schemes and implementing existing ones through the agency of the governor who during President's rule gets to lord over the administration.A retired cop, Joshi enjoys the trust of the Gandhis since the 1960s when he looked after the security of first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru. But as his retirement approaches, the Congress has to decide whether he is suited to the task for being the all-powerful \"Lat Saheb\". The governor's role will be crucial in protecting Congress's interests even if those advocating a deal with SP prevail, if for the sake of stability at the Centre.Joshi took up governorship of Meghalaya in April 2007 but was moved to Uttarakhand a few months later. In July 2009, he moved to Lucknow.While Goa, Kerala and Rajasthan are under 'additional charge' of neighbouring governors of Maharashtra, Karnataka and Punjab respectively, the governor of Andhra Pradesh - E S L Narasimhan - is carrying on beyond his five-year tenure till further orders about his extension or replacement.Kerala was put under Karnataka governor H R Bhardwaj due to the death of M O H Farook in January. Similarly, Rajasthan has been under additional charge of Punjab governor Shivraj Patil due to the demise of Prabha Rau. Goa has been under additional charge of Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayan since August 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12076974", "title": "Madan visits Sealdah station, services normal", "text": "KOLKATA: Only 10% of the 1.5 million people, who regularly commute to Kolkata by train from the suburbs, availed of the services on Tuesday. For the rest, it was just another holiday. They can't be blamed. For, there have been few instances in the past when trains have run during a general strike.But Tuesday was different as train after train chugged into the Howrah and Sealdah stations since early morning.Save for a few disruptions in the Sealdah South and and Sealdah-Bongaon sections, train services - both long-distance and suburban - were normal. Hundreds of long-distance passengers reached Howrah station to find few taxis waiting outside. But police helped passengers to taxis and state buses.and they reached their destination without much ado.Moreover, state transport minister Madan Mitra was himself present at Sealdah to monitor the situation. In fact, Madan visited Sealdah twice, once at 7am and again around 9am. \"Some people may have preferred not to come out from their homes.Due to the 34 years of CPM misrule, people still believe that they will be attacked if they leave home on bandhs the safety of their homes. Things have changed now. One can clearly make out by the movement of trains,\" Mitra said. Mitra also asked the police not to stop autos if they carry passengers along routes to which they don't belong.Commuters said that they did not face any problems anywhere. \"I came from Shyamnagar and train services are absolutely normal,\" said Biswajit Sarkar.There were hardly any taxis outside the station. Passengers who arrived by early morning trains, like the Darjeeling Mail, faced some trouble. Cabbies refused to carry them to their destinations till the cops intervened. Mitra also asked the police not to stop autos if they carry passengers along routes to which they don't belong.Metro Railway trains also ran on schedule save for a 21-minute disruption due to a suicide at Dum Dum station. A 50-year-old woman jumped in front of a Kavi Subhas-bound train at the Dum Dum station on Tuesday morning.Around 9.30am, when the train was entering the Dum Dum station from the carshed, a 50-year-old woman - identified as Gouri Saha - jumped on the tracks. The motorman applied emergency brakes but could not stop the train in time. The woman was run over and the body badly mutilated, The rake was reversed, power to the third rail switched off and the body extracted. It was badly mutiliated, officials said.\"We can't say why she took her own life.The body was handed over to the police. Normal services resumed at 9.52am. We were forced to cancel four Up and a similar number of Down trains in the intervening period. This was the 234th suicide attempt in the metro network. Of all those who attempted suicide, 120 have died on the spot,\" an official said. Only 86,222 people availed of the services on Tuesday as compared to the 5.5 lakh commuters on any other weekday.Though Metro ran trains as per the weekday schedule, there were few commuters. On any weekday, the metro carries nearly 5.5 commuters. Till 4 pm on Tuesday, only 86,222 people had availed of the services. According to officials, the number of commuters for the day would be less than a fifth of the normal figure.Most of the nearly 1.5 million who commute to Kolkata by train from the suburbs had already declared Tuesday a holiday for themselves by Monday evening. They were not to blame. There have been few instances in the past when trains have run during a general strike. But then, Tuesday turned out to be different. Train after train chugged into the Howrah and Sealdah stations from early in the morning but by then the commuters had made plans to enjoy themselves at home. Only around 10% of them actually took the trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12079952", "title": "Romney wins Michigan and Arizona primaries", "text": "WASHINGTON: Inching closer to bag the Republican presidential nomination, former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney on Wednesday won primaries in Michigan and Arizona, defeating Senator Rick Santorum in a tight race.Now all eyes are on Super Tuesday, March 6, when primaries are scheduled in about 10 states. A major victory next week would almost seal Romney's nomination, experts say.While final results were yet to be declared, based on the poll results so far, major media outlets here had declared Romney as the winner in both Michigan and Arizona.\"I was confident that we could come together today and take a giant step toward a brighter future,\" Romney said in his victory speech referring to the poll numbers last week when he was trailing behind Santorum.Romney said his campaign is about restoring the promise of America.\"Last week, I unveiled a very bold economic plan that's going to jump-start the economy, and it's going to get Michiganders back to work, it's going to get Americans more jobs they're crying out for, and we're going to have less debt and smaller government, and I'm going to deliver on more jobs, less debt, and smaller government. We're going to hear that day in and day out, more jobs, less debt, smaller government.\"Romney has so far won contests in six states: New Hampshire, Florida, Nevada, Maine, Michigan and Arizona.\"This is a decisive moment, I believe this is a time that requires real leadership in our country. Times are tough. We need leaders who will live with integrity, who have the courage to tell the truth, and have the experience to get our economy back on track. That's the kind of leader I aspire to be; that's the kind of leader I will be if I'm president of the United States,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12077824", "title": "'Reservoirs, irrigation sites to be developed as tourist centres'", "text": "Surrounding areas of seven reservoirs and three irrigation sites would be developed as tourist centres in the state. Informing this to the Assembly during question hour on Tuesday, tourism minister Vatti Vasant Kumar said that APTDC has invited expression of interest (EoI) for setting up projects at Dindi reservoir, Jurala reservoir, Kadem reservoir, Sriram Sagar reservoir, Gundlakamma reservoir, Yeleru reservoir and Brahmansagar reservoir for developing them as tourist sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12078439", "title": "\u2018Never-say-die attitude must for entrepreneurs\u2019", "text": "INDORE: \"To be a successful entrepreneur, one must know what customers desire, read their mind and observe them keenly. Thirty to 40% of business depends upon this study alone. It is also important to recognize and solve problem areas,\" founder and CEO of naukri.com Sanjeev Bikhchandani said. He was addressing the students at a seminar on \"Role of entrepreneurs in Indian economy\" organized by the Acropolis Entrepreneurship Development Cell (grant-in-aid by AICTE).Bikhchandani stressed that one must not wait for an opportunity to come; rather the person should recognize the opportunities around him or her. Other key qualities he emphasized on, to be a good entrepreneur, are persistence, never-say-die attitude and courage to take risks.Prafull Saklecha, CMD, Bloomberg Group opportunities were aplenty in India and youths must work hard to lead their way to success.The chairman of Acropolis Group, Ashish Sojatia and Gaurav Sojatia, gave mementoes to the guests, while vote of thanks was given by Prof Sumer Singh Yadav. Around 2,000 students were present in the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077811", "title": "Liquor shop flourishes at the cost of citizens' peace", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over the last few months, commuting after sunset on the Salar Jung Museum road has turned unsafe for Old City residents. Thanks to a thriving liquor outlet located on this road, the otherwise deserted area is witnessing unwarranted traffic with hundreds thronging the shop until midnight, consuming liquor in the shop's vicinity and creating a nuisance.Angry locals say the wine shop owner is flouting all norms by serving liquor in front of the shop, which has led to customers parking vehicles haphazardly on the road. The Charminar-Afzalgunj RTC buses take this route, hence the area around the liquor \"den\" has become a traffic hazard too, they point out.Traders from Madina Market who frequent the stretch to get back home after work said that there have been several incidents when the liquor shop's customers have got into fights with local residents and shopkeepers. In a recent incident, Mohammed Ashraf, a Madina Market trader, was returning home with his wife on a two-wheeler at around 9.30 pm when a drunk man got into an ugly argument with him. He added that though the traffic as well as law and order police make rounds of the area during the nights, they turn a blind eye to the gross violation of rules happening under their nose.Mohammed Arif, another trader, said that the whole road gets blocked in the night. \"Commuting on this stretch has become unsafe for women ,\" said Arif. He added that the stretch is becoming increasingly troublesome as the shop is open up to midnight.Others noted that most shop owners carry cash on their way back home. \"We spend anxious moments while crossing this stretch,\" said Mohammed Kareem. Kareem said that earlier there was a footwear showroom in place of this shop but ever since the liquor shop opened last year, it has become a menace. Locals said that the police have been turning a deaf ear to their pleas. When contacted, Manish Kumar Sinha, DCP (South Zone) said that he will monitor the situation and take necessary action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12076749", "title": "HC questions need for PIL on killing of bank dacoits", "text": "CHENNAI: What is the need for a public interest writ petition on the encounter killing of five dacoits in the city, when the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) is already seized of the matter, the Madras high court has asked.When a PIL filed by an advocate seeking CBI probe into the killings came up for admission on Tuesday, a division bench comprising Justices Elipe Dharma Rao and N Kirubakaran asked: \"The NHRC is seized of the matter, and the CB-CID probe has also been ordered . Magisterial inquiry is going on as per the provisions of the Code of Criminal Procedure. In these circumstances, what is the need for the PIL.\"Not convinced with the replies, Justice Elipe Dharma Rao further asked the counsel for advocate-petitioner, P Pugalenthi: \"The relatives of the deceased persons, who had claimed the dead bodies, have not expressed any grievance and have not filed any writ petition. That being so, what made a practicing advocate to come forward to file this writ petition as a PIL.\"When counsel M Radhakrishnan said they sought to bring the issue to the notice of the court, Justice Kirubakaran wondered as to why no such efforts were made with regard to road accidents, which claimed several hundreds of lives every year. To this, Radhakrishnan, said the PIL was necessitated because the encounter was staged by police, who are public servants.The PIL, filed by Pugalenthi, who is director of Prisoners' Rights Forum , sought a direction to Tamil Nadu government to register a case of murder against six state policemen, including a deputy commissioner of police, for the encounter-killing of five persons, suspected to be involved in bank dacoities. The state had a constitutional obligation to immediately register a case against those responsible for the killings under Section 302 (murder).However, 24 residents of Velacherry too filed a joint petition before the bench seeking to be impleaded as parties to the proceedings. Justifying the encounter, the residents dubbed the PIL as a 'publicity stunt', and added that two bank burglaries in a span of two weeks had unleashed panic among the public in the city. Noting that the primary duty of the police was to protect and safeguard the common man, they said those killed in the encounter were neither innocent nor hapless people. \"Instead of waiting for the outcome of the NHRC and police proceedings to be over, the PIL was filed in the high court,\" said the petiton. The bench has asked for state's reply by March 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12076639", "title": "Leap year \u2018youngsters\u2019 celebrate big day", "text": "CHENNAI: Mumbai-based Shankar Alwar was born in 1976. But when he cuts his birthday cake on Tuesday, February 29, he'll blow out only nine candles. \"My birthday comes only once in four years, so technically speaking, I am only nine,\" says Alwar, who was born in a leap year and turns 36 today. It works out well for the businessman. \"I attend my friends' birthday parties every year but I throw a party only once in four years,\" he says.Across India, leaplings or people born on February 29 are planning to celebrate their special day in style.\"On my last 'real' birthday in 2008, my exams were the next day, so I couldn't celebrate the way I wanted to,\" says Akshay Sethi, who will be turning 20. Since he is studying BTech in Jaipur, his entire family is coming to meet him. \"My sisters have bought 20 gifts as I am turning 20,\" he says.Homemaker Ateaka Dabhoiwala of Baroda has always celebrated her children's birthdays with great enthusiasm. But this year, she is at her wit's end. Her triplets, born on February 29, have each decided to throw a party for their separate sets of friends. \"Since it comes once in four years, they wanted to do something special,\" she says.Many leaplings are also eager to meet other people born on the same day. It's that curiosity which has made many Indians register on the online birthday club, Honor Society for Leap Year Day Babies. www.leapyearday.com is edited and produced by Raenell Dawn and Peter Brouwer, both leaplings.\"I wanted to see how many others were born on the same day,\" says A Meyyappan, a businessman from Karaikudi who signed up a few years ago. He has no big plans for the day though. \"I'll just go to the temple,\" he says.For others, the date doesn't really matter. \"I usually celebrate my star birthday so I finished celebrating mine on February 15,\" says Chennai-based P K Harihara Iyer, who turned 80 this year.Being born on a unique date can have its share of problems too as some leaplings have realised. \"I applied for my driver's license when I turned 18. But officials put my birth date as February 28,\" says Jignesh Doshi of Pune, who will turn 28 this year. \"I insisted on having my real date of birth and so they changed it with a marker.\"While Doshi managed to get his way, Sethi was not so lucky when he wanted to register for a voter's id. \"I wanted to vote in the municipal elections and registrations were done in February. I was told I would turn 18 only on March 1 so I was not eligible,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hubli / dharwad", "code": "12075829", "title": "Mixed response for bandh in twin cities", "text": "HUBLI / DHARWAD: Bandh call given by the Joint Committee of Trade Union (JCTU) evoked mixed response in Hubli and Dharwad on Tuesday. Many shops remained open and autorickshaws and buses were seen plying on the roads as usual. JCTU, CITU, AITUC, HMS, INTUC, AIIEA, BSNL employees union, KVG Bank Employees Association, National Conference of Bank Employee, All Karnataka state government employee's federation, Student federation of India (SFI), and other organizations took out procession from Ambedkar Circle to Kittur Chennamma Circle.APMC Hamali workers, LIC employees, bank employees and medicine sales representatives boycotted their work and gave support for the strike. The organizations urged for minimum salary for all employees including employees on contract basis, to control price rise and creation of employment among others. JCTU leader Mahesh Pattar said the government should fix minimum salary of Rs 10,000 for all employees of all sectors.Bank services hitThe bank and LIC employees took out a protest rally in Dharwad raising slogans against the government accusing it of floating policies which are detrimental for the banking sector. As the banking transactions came to a grinding halt, serpentine queues were found in front of the ATM centres.Colleges closed in HaveriStudent's Federation of India's (SFI) call for bandh was met with good response in Haveri district on Tuesday. SFI leaders Narayan Kale urged the state government to reserve 30 per cent and central government to reserve 10 per cent in GDP for the welfare of educational institutions. Government Engineering College, Government Degree College, Diploma College, post-graduation centre at Hukkerimath institutions remained closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078644", "title": "There\u2019s much more to impact fee for CG road", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The new impact fee regulations are not going to make life easy for the 52 buildings on CG road that have illegally gobbled up parking space. The buildings' occupants will have to shell out much more than just the fee to get legal status, something they are not comfortable with.The shopowners will have to plead before the special committee of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) that they have not been able to identify land for parking, as ordered by the Gujarat high court. The committee will then identify the land and collect money from shopowners, both for buying it and constructing a parking facility on it.This model is also likely to be implemented in other parts of the state, like RC Dutt Road in Vadodara. This stretch has similar issues or commercial buildings not providing parking space, clogging up important arterial roads.\"AMC can provide shopkeepers land at market rates. The association has to then come forward and take charge of maintenance of the parking facility,\" says principal secretary, urban development, I P Gautam.But CG road shopowners argue that they should not be charged the impact fee for 'change of use'. \"All buildings were passed as nursing homes by AMC, which was the only commercial activity allowed in residential areas. Instead of nursing homes, there are shops today. The impact fee law is meant for just residential and commercial areas. If AMC is charging us for parking, then we should not be asked to pay impact fee,\" says a senior member of the CG road shop owners' association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12076130", "title": "Moti Dongor most tolerant: Digambar", "text": "Digambarbab, looking back at the last nearly five years, what was the biggest challenge for you as the state's chief minister?Providing a stable government to this state was a biggest challenge to me. It was an assurance given by the Congress president Sonia Gandhi that the party will provide a stable government in Goa. I am happy that I was able to help fulfill the assurance given to the people by Sonia GandhiYou claim to have provided a stable government, but your government faced several toppling bids yet you managed to survive every time. What was this magic that helped you keep going and provide stability to the government?Leading a coalition government is a very cumbersome task. Moving forward by taking everybody along with you is itself a big achievement. I have lots of patience. My nature is not vindictive. Throughout my political career I have not taken revenge on anybody. I have tried my best to listen to the grievances of everybody. I think all of these qualities of mine helped me sail through. Besides, if I felt that any decision we (initially) took was not acceptable to the people, we tried to amend that decision. All these factors helped me complete my term.But don't you think you fell much short of people's expectations? Your detractors also say you failed to deliver...People will keep on saying such and many things...I have tried my best to deliver the things I had promised to my voters in the last elections. Besides, I always remained accessible to the common man. As regards my accessibility to the people, nobody can beat me on that in the entire country. That's my strong point.As a chief minister, which, according to you, were some of your major decisions during your tenure?Scrapping the SEZs in the interest of the people of Goa was a bold decision that I took. I am the only chief minister in the country who scrapped the SEZs and withdrew the SEZ policy. This decision has even been upheld by the supreme court.I am happy that we could start a direct flight from Dabolim to Jeddah which has facilitated the pilgrims going on the Haj pilgrimage. This was a demand of Goan Muslims for the last 20 years, as earlier they had to change flights at Mumbai. I have pursued laying of '1800 cr gas pipeline from Dabhol to Goa which is fully funded by the government of India.I also got approved a super-speciality ESI hospital in Margao which, I think, will be completed by May 2012. The ESI Corporation is also setting up a new medical college there. A catering college has been allotted to Goa by the tourism department and NIT has been allotted to us by the prime minister. My government also ensured that both the airports, Mopa and Dabolim, will be kept open. Expansion of Dabolim airport is underway.Is there anything that you intended to do during your tenure but somehow failed to get your plans through, for whatever reasons?I was trying to introduce e-governance in all departments. It has started in some departments-the department of commercial taxes is making its transactions online, the GSIDC has gone in for e-procurement and e-payments...this puts people directly in contact with agencies.In hindsight, is there any political decision you regret having taken?All political decisions were taken in consensus.Coming back to your constituency, you are being accused of shielding the criminal elements in Moti Dongor which has been your vote bank. Don't you think it is maligning your image as the state's chief minister?You have to understand that Moti Dongor is there for several decades now. Previously they used to use the people from this area for votes and then forget all about them, thereby fooling their voters. I have provided them with basic amenities like water, electricity, etc. To cater to the education needs of their children, I have built for them a new school building which is already complete. I believe in giving a better quality of life to the people from whom I get votes. What's wrong in that?Alright, but how would you respond to the charges that people from Moti Dongor accused in criminal cases are being shielded by you?I have never shielded them. I have given the police a free hand. The older generation of people from Moti Dongor consists of good and peaceful people. There may be a few persons from the younger generation who may have gone astray, but, by and large, the people from Moti Dongor are the most tolerant people. I believe in their development.You were in the BJP for more than 10 years. What difference do you find in the Congress party?These days there is nothing much that separates parties in terms of ideology or otherwise. One can see virtually the same type of manifestoes of different parties. The manifestoes are prepared keeping in mind the needs and demands of the people.You mean to say there is not much difference between the ideologies of the Congress and the BJP?What I am saying is that more than ideology, the political parties consider winnability (of the candidates) as crucial during elections. The people too vote for the candidates who they think will work for their welfare, rather than vote on party lines. The parties have realized this trend...one can't thrust anybody against your wish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080229", "title": "Celebrities should not lose their temper: Saif", "text": "Saif Ali Khan, a week after his fight, admits that celebrities should control their temper and spews venom at uninformed gossipmongersSaif Ali Khan has never been as popular for his films as he has been over the past one week for his brawl at a restaurant. So, when we were informed that the actor would call at a particular time, we did not want to miss it. But then Virat Kohli started hammering the Sri Lankan bowlers. We prayed silently, for Saif to be late. Our prayers were answered. Saif called an hour later. India was home. And we were bursting with questions.\"Hasn't enough been said about the fight already?\" asks Saif. But then he starts talking. \"I have another side to me as well. And who is this Ritu Trivedi (referring to an aricle in Mumbai Mirror, dated February 22)? Can someone please tell me what she means by saying: \"Why are we not surprised about the brouhaha over Saif Ali Khan's fit of Agent Vinodish rage? Simply because although he would like to establish his image as a Renaissance Man - who reads tomes.\" Can't a man who reads books get wild?\" says Saif irritably and adds, \"Is Julius Caesar a Renaissance man? Who is a Renaissance man? Can you give me one example?\"But then, Saif launches into his own explanation of the Renaissance man. \"Subhash Chandra Bose wasn't a renaissance man. It's not that he didn't do anything violent in life. One needs to understand that there is a sophisticated and polite side to me. But there is also a side that gets into arguments if provoked.\"It seems as if some high ranking member of the Church has been raped. That's the way people are reacting,\" says Saif who believes that other stars may not have evoked such public ire.The actor shrugs off reports about the entire fiasco being just another publicity stunt for his upcoming home production Agent Vinod. \"Agent Vinod is reminiscent of a genre that was popular in the 1970s. Moreover, the title cuts across all kinds of audience - single screen and multiplexes,\" reveals Saif about the one thing that is going right in his life at the moment.He agrees to creative differences with his director but adds, \"Sriram Raghavan and I like the same kind of cinema. It was natural for me to have him direct my film. The cosmetic aspect of the project was left to me. He brought a lot of subplots into the story,\" reveals Saif and brushes off any queries about Kareena's item number being his brainchild. As for his girl being worried about him doing daredevil stunts in the project, Saif simply feels that \"Worrying is a part of every relationship.\"Back to the Taj episode, Saif in hindsight believes that celebrities need to set and example. \"I agree that celebrities need to be more responsible and should not lose their temper,\" says Saif and ends the interview with his last lines still ringing in our ears - \"We should all try to be a Gandhian. Few people can really achieve that. But try zaroor karna chahiye.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077648", "title": "MIT ties up with UK varsity for design course", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Institute of Technology (MIT) signed an agreement with the Manchester Metropolitan University (MMU), UK, for twinning programmes in design and technology here on Tuesday.The MMU is the largest campus-based university in the UK with a total student population of 37,000.In a simultaneous development, MIT's sister concern, the Maharashtra Academy of Engineering (MAE), also signed another agreement with the MMU for their management with engineering course.The MoU provides the MIT third year students diploma in product design with the option of studying at the MMU for BSc (honours) in product design and technology course.Furthermore, a student completing first two years of the MIT Institute of Design's diploma in graphic design will be eligible to join the second year of BA (Honours) graphic design at MMU.Anant Chakradeo, dean of MIT Institute of Design, said, \"The second year of the course in UK will be equivalent to the third year as per our standards because of the presence of a foundation year in the British education system, which is a necessary requirement for all high school graduates.\"In case of MSc in management with engineering course, the focus will be on exchange of students and faculty members between MAE and MMU. The agreement will also facilitate opportunities for engineering students of MAE to pursue their post-graduation studies at MMU.John Brooks , MMU vice-chancellor, also announced on the occasion four scholarships to be granted to MIT students. The scholarships would be awarded to economically-challenged students for post-graduate studies in the UK.Brooks said, \"International collaboration is the way forward because it is imperative for academicians all over the world to intellectually interact with their peers. The bond with MIT gives us a chance to diversify and interact with other leading universities in the world.\"ends | Agni | Vk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080489", "title": "Leakage problems for Gabbar Singh", "text": "The lyrics of 'Gabbar Singh' title song is already making rounds on the web.More than the piracy, its the leakage of the film's content even before the release is sending shivers down the filmmaker's spine. In most cases, these leaks build the expectations on the film and also help to fetch good openings. But, on few occasions they ended up causing severe damage.This leakage problems are more often seen in mega camp than other heroes. The films - Jalsa, Magadheera, Arya 2, Puli, Varudu, Badrinath and Merupu were best examples. And the latest entry in this list is Pawan's much awaited film 'Gabbar Singh'.The lyrics of 'Gabbar Singh' title song is already making rounds on the web. This song was sung by noted playback singer Baba Sehgal and lyrics goes like this 'Gabbar Singh... Gabbar Singh... Kallallo Firing...Gabbar Singh... Mana Chethi Debba Tinnollu Malli Legaru...Gabbar Singh'. Let's see, if this leakage brings the much needed luck to Powerstar or notSource: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12076604", "title": "Part of Anna Salai to turn one-way for metro work", "text": "CHENNAI: In view of the ongoing metro rail works, the traffic police have announced the following traffic diversions on Anna Salai from Saturday.The stretch from Thiru Vi Ka Road junction to Wellington junction will be made one-way with entry from Whites Road junction towards LIC and no-entry from Wellington Junction towards Anna Flyover. The one-way on General Patters (GP) Road will be reversed and vehicles allowed flow from Wellington Road Junction to Royapettah Clock Tower.Vehicles going from Anna Statue to Gemini flyover will be diverted at Wellington Junction towards GP Road via Whites Road. Vehicles going from Anna Statue to Binny Road will be diverted at Wellington Junction.Vehicles going from Zam Bazaar to Anna Salai will go through Whites Road and Conran Smith Road. Vehicles going from Westcott Road to Anna Salai will go through Whites Road and Conran Smith Road. Vehicles going from Binny Road to Sathyam Theatre will go through Pattulos Road and Whites Road. Vehicles going from Binny Road to Royapettah High Road will go through Woods Road and Clock Tower, while those going from Greames Road towards Gemini flyover will go through Thiru Vi Ka Salai and Whites Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078613", "title": "Seven get life term for 2009 murder of police mole", "text": "MUMBAI: A Sewri sessions court on Tuesday sentenced seven men to life imprisonment for the 2009 murder of police informer Irfan Hasan Khan alias Chindi. Sessions judge R V Ghodkhande convicted the accused- Yusuf Khan, Irfan Shaikh aka Irfan China, Suleman Shaikh, Hakir Khan aka Kalu, Jakir Ahmed Khan, Mohammed Sayyed and Mohammed Shaikh after the prosecution presented a strong case.On April 3, 2009, Chindi (35) , an informant of slain encounter specialist Vijay Salaskar , was stabbed to death by the accused at Surti Mohalla in south Mumbai . The incident occurred when Chindi was returning home. The accused were booked under various sections of the IPC, including murder (302), criminal conspiracy (120 B) the Arms Act and the Bombay Police Act. \"The gang killed Chindi as he had informed the police about their illegal activities,\" said watching advocate Pervez Memon . The prosecution examined 18 witnesses in the case, with one turning hostile. The first witness, Mohammed Akil Abdul Salam Qureshi, the complainant and Chindi's driver, couldn't identify the accused. Qureshi said while he was parking Chindi's car, a tempo parked behind it had blocked his view and he couldn't see the killers.However, all the other accused supported the prosecution's case. \"The eye witness accounts, including that of Chindi's brother and the recovery evidence, went against the accused,\" Memon said. Though elated, Chindi's brother Aslam said he and the family wanted the death penalty for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12076848", "title": "Tech town stays logged on", "text": "KOLKATA: IT sector employees in Salt Lake Sector V are used to attend office on a bandh day. But their suffering was less this time as the government ensured smooth transportation and companies arranged for unprecedented facilities for the employees. Consequently, the turn out on Tuesday beat previous attendance records on a bandh day and the employees were not complaining either.According to Nasscom, the average attendance in Sector V on Tuesday was around 70-75%. \"We had appealed to the IT companies to keep their offices open and they have responded positively. This has helped to send a very strong signal to the people outside Bengal that work culture has returned to the state,\" said Suparno Moitra, regional manager (east), Nasscom. According to industry sources, this figure is 10-15% more than the shutdowns earlier.The positive response has left IT minister Partha Chatterjee elated. \"I am very happy with the response in the IT sector. I think attendance was in excess of 75%,\" he beamed. But CITU-affiliated West Bengal IT Services Association general secretary Somnath Bhattacharya had a different opinion. \"Our call for shutdown was successful and the attendance in the IT sector was very poor. We haven't stopped anybody from going to work though,\" he assured.The companies, however, had done everything to ensure work doesn't get hampered due to the bandh. BPO company Aegis, for example, had made arrangement for overnight stay of its 800-900 male employees. Women staffers were dropped home last night and were picked up early in the morning on Tuesday. Anup Chaturvedi, one of the employees, said, \"Our company took care of our foods and all other necessities.\"But employees of all firms weren't that lucky. Many companies faced problems in ferrying their employees. PricewaterhouseCoopers was a case in point. The firm could not make arrangement to ferry its employees due to unavailability of car vendors.Although the IT hub was under the constant vigil of the Bidhannagar City Police, but very less female employees were viewed in the street. Corroborating the fact, S Radhakrishnan, Sector V Stakeholders' Association president said: \"The IT sector was less impacted by the shutdown than other sectors. But female employees were very less in number.\"Though offices in Sector V saw almost full houses, the roads outside wore a deserted look. Private and government buses were plying, but very few taxis could be spotted. The roadside vendors, who keep the IT hub buzzing on any other day, were conspicuous by their absence. Out of the 50-60 vendors, only eight-nine opened their shops. One such vendor, Biswajit Shau, said, \"We knew there won't be many customers as most of the offices will arrange for the food. But still I opened my shop.\"According to Bidhannagar police commissionarate DC (headquarters) Subrata Banerjee, additional mobile police force was deployed in Sector V to prevent any untoward incident. \"Additional mobile police team was put into place, but no trouble was reported from anywhere,\" he said. NDITA chairman Alapan Bandyopadhyay also said the IT companies in Sector V operated normally just like any other day.\"There was no trouble reported from anywhere in Sector V and the IT companies operated normally as usual,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078655", "title": "Poll results spur BJP's hopes for mayor's seat", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after its demand for the mayoral post set the cat among the pigeons, the BJP continued flexing its political muscles on Tuesday. Senior functionaries met Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray and announced another round of meetings with the RPI to seek support from the third partner in the saffron combine.\"The mayoral race is crucial in all the ten civic bodies ,\" state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar said.Political analysts say that besides its own increased tally of seats and votes, the BJP wants to cash in on Sena's vulnerability in the face of the rise of the MNS. The \"aggressive\" leadership of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari is also another reason why the party is pushing the Sena hard this time around. \"The Sena has reduced its tally in the BMC by eight seats in this election, however, we have increased our seats by three as compared to the 2007 count.\" said a senior BJP legislator.\"This time, we are serious about having a mayor and Standing Committee chairperson from our party,\" he added. Mungantiwar also clarified that his party was in no mood to give or seek support from the MNS or the NCP in the race for the mayor's post in Nashik. \"The arithmetic in Nashik is complicated since no one party is in a majority. However, things will get clearer once a mayor is installed,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12077247", "title": "Hospital executive thrashed by two doctors \u2018at gunpoint\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: A marketing executive of a private hospital was allegedly beaten up at gunpoint by two doctors after he reached the hospital to claim his past dues.Police conducted a medical checkup of the victim in the Civil Hospital and are investigating the case. According to the police, the victim, M Sikandar, a native of Bihar and currently living in Jamia Nagar of Delhi, filed a complaint with the Kherki Dhaula police station against the two doctors.The executive used to work at Sunrise Hospital situated in Sector 10 but had left it in October. However, some of his dues with Sunshine Hospital were still to be cleared and he had been asking for a refund. \"When I reached the hospital, two doctors asked me to re-join them. When I refused, they threatened me at gunpoint and started beating me up.,\" said Sikandar.\"The victim's medical examination has been conducted and we are still waiting for the report. A complaint has been registered at the Kherki Dhaula police station and we will file an FIR once the medical report is out,\" said Hamid Akhtar, DCP (south). The doctors, on the other hand, are claiming innocence. \"Sikandar's allegations are baseless. We have the CCTV footage to prove it.\" said one of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12077668", "title": "Mulak denies role in Rs 1cr seizure case", "text": "AMRAVATI: The 1 crore cash seizure case took an interesting turn on Tuesday when state water resource minister Rajendra Mulak, in a written statement to district collector, denied having any knowledge of the money. But, President Pratibha Patil's son and Congress MLA Raosaheb Shekhawat on Tuesday explained to collector Rahul Mahiwal that the cash seized from a car on its way from Nagpur to Amravati was meant for poor party candidates.Mulak did not appear before collector personally but sent his statement through his lawyer. The collector had issued notice to Shekhawat, Mulak and MPCC general secretary Ganesh Patil but except Patil no one appeared personally. Advocate Athor Shamim and Advocate Parvej Mirza presented Shekhawat's side while on behalf of Mulak Advocate Jagtap submitted his written statement.Shekhawat, who was questioned by Amravati police in this connection earlier maintained that 87 lakh was meant for distribution among 87 poor candidates while the remaining amount was to be spent by Amravati City and District Congress committee for election campaign. He had made these claims earlier as well.Patil, who had been served a notice, appeared in person before the collector and told that the cash collected through coupons was diverted from Nagpur to Amravati.Cash of 1 crore, which was being taken to Amravati from Nagpur in a car, was seized by police in the early hours of February 12. Following the seizure, the Election Commission had directed the collector and municipal commissioner to file a report about the incident.Talking to reporters, Mahiwal said that there seemed to be some discrepancy in the statements of Mulak and those given by the driver of the car, who transported the cash in the vehicle. \"Earlier the driver had stated that money was brought from Mulak's house but now he has changed his statement saying that some Congress activists in Nagpur had told him to send the party fund from Devadia Bhawan, Nagpur, to Amravati,\" Mahiwal said.Mahiwal said, \"Patil has produced some money coupons which he stated as source of money. He said that the money was party fund which the party had collected from Congress activists through coupons. They showed the coupons - from 50 to 1,000.\"Mahiwal further said, \"They produced some documents but we have demanded some more, which they will provide by March 2.\"Asked about what Mulak mentioned in his statement, Mahiwal said, \"Mulak stated that he has no acquaintance with the driver or with Ashish Bodhankar. He also stated that he has no connection with the entire matter.\"Speaking to mediapersons, Patil said, \"We have already said that the money seized was party fund. We have given our reply to the administration about the source of money.\"On Mulak's statement that he has no links with the case even when his name was mentioned in the letter, Patil said, \"His name was not mentioned in the letter but a copy of the letter was sent to him (Mulak).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080935", "title": "Mohnish Behl quits Kuch Toh Log Kahenge", "text": "Mohnish Behl, who plays Dr Ashutosh in \" Kuch Toh Log Kahenge\", has quit the show. Sources claim that he was asked to leave due to his tantrums. Yesterday was his last day on set, where he shot his death sequence.The buzz is that the actor was rather uncooperative on sets. \"He would refuse to hold Kritika Kamra's hand and do romantic scenes with her because of his wife Ekta, who would often be on the sets. He threatened to quit the show several times too, so finally a decision was taken to ease him out,\" says the source. When asked if he had been shown the door, Mohnish said, \"I have quit \"KTLK\" and would like to give no further comments at this time.\"While producer Rajan Shahi was not available for comment, a source from the production house says, \"The show is incomplete without Mohnish and Rajan is in talks with him. But if things dont work out, we plan to approach Dr Anuuj Saxena to replace him.\" Inputs by Akash Wadhwa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12077922", "title": "Strikes give residents a tough time", "text": "MOHALI: All India strike called by Central Trade Union and Employees' Federation hit bank and bus services on Tuesday, inconveniencing Tricity residents.\"I had to go to Karnal to attend my brother\"s wedding, but the strike turned all my plans topsy-turvy,\" said Gurdeep Kaur, a resident of Sector 25, Panchkula.\"I wanted to leave for Delhi as my mother-in-law is not well. As I couldn\"t get a train ticket, I decided to board a bus. But when I reached Panchkula bus stand, I learned about the strike. Now, I will have to hire an expensive taxi to reach there,\" said Tanya Oberoi of Sector 2, Panchkula.Bank customers, too, were a harried lot. \"I had to deposit money urgently on Tuesday, but because of the agitation I could not. Now, I will have to keep this big amount at homea? I am feeling a bit scared,\" said Rehan Singhania, a resident of Sector 6, Panchkula, who has a business of chemical dying at Baddi.Besides, work at various government institutions, including BSNL office, hospitals and Panjab University, among others, was also affected with the nationwide strike of contractual workers of these organizations.Around 7,000 workers of Chandigarh went on stir under the banner of All India Central Council of Trade Unions (AICCTU). The protestors staged a massive protest rally at Sector 25 rally ground. At some places, even permanent employees joined them.Kanwaljit Singh, president of Chandigarh unit of AICCTU and its national general secretary, said contractual employees had five major demands.\"Our first demand is that ad-hoc or contractual employment system be abolished and all employees be regularized. Till it is materialized, the wages of all contractual employees be at least Rs 10,000 per month. They should be covered under various schemes of provident fund and medical insurance,\" Singh added, while protesting at the rally ground.But the protest caught many residents unawares. \"I had gone to Chandigarh from Mohali to change the tariff plan of my BSNL phone. But, to my surprise nobody was working in the office. We are not against their protest, but it should be held on weekend to avoid inconvenience to people,\" said Manish Sehgal, who was in BSNL office, Sector 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12078596", "title": "HC to hold marathon hearing of education department cases", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There is solution in sight for the heavy pendency of cases, across departments of Punjab government, where employees have dragged the government to Punjab and Haryana high court.In a marathon hearing of cases, the high court would hear 425 such cases on February 29. \"This is for the first time in the country that a high court is taking up cases departmentwise with a view to deal with pendency effectively,\" senior additional advocate general, Roopinder Singh Khosla, told TOI.The education department of Punjab government has been taken up on priority as it has the maximum number of cases in the high court, at about 700. \"About 22 officers in the office of accountant general have been assigned the task of gathering details of the education department cases,\" said Khosla.Most of these cases pertain to service matters of employees like service benefits, pension, house rent allowance and appointments. Keeping in view the financial angle involved in most cases, the principal secretary, finance, has also been asked to be present in the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076859", "title": "BJP accuses media of bias in highlighting Gujarat riots", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the 10th anniversary of Gujarat riots, BJP on Tuesday alleged the media has ignored the 1984 anti-Sikh carnage in which convictions were \"negligible\" but continues to highlight the 2002 incident despite strong police action and the state's growth under Narendra Modi.In an article, Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley defended the role of the Modi government during the riots and maintained that not only have no such incident taken place in Gujarat since 2002, the state, including its Muslim population, has seen \"remarkable\" development.\"Gujarat for a long time had an unfortunate history of such riots, small or big. It was men and events which triggered such conflicts, the last of such major riots being in the year 2002. As a section of the media re-visits the Gujarat riots of 2002, it is equally important to look at Gujarat 10 years after the riots,\" Jaitley said.The senior BJP leader hoped the \"unfortunate events of 2002\" will never be repeated. He maintains Gujarat \"has moved on and its agenda is no longer a social divide\".\"The memories of 2002 are not revived by the Gujaratis. They are revived by elements within the society whose relevance exists in reviving the sad memories of past,\" Jaitley said.Describing the Godhra train burning incident as a \"barbaric act\" that was planned by \"mischievous elements\" with the intention of creating communal trouble, Jaitley said it had \"stunned\" society.Hundreds died in police firing in the riots that followed, which is in contrast to anti-Sikh riots where not one person died in police firing, he maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12081143", "title": "Jism 2 is an adult love story: Pooja Bhatt", "text": "Prod Pooja Bhatt a bit and she will have you know that all this 'we-are-open-about-ourpersonal-life' attitude among B-wood leading ladies is hearlded by none other than the lady in conversation, a decade back.Says Bhatt, \"Today, the leading ladies can afford to be bold on their personal lives thanks to Manisha Koirala and myself. Both of us had to pay the price for making it possible for the heroines to walk hand in hand with their boyfriends.\" And Pooja had no qualms in taking the credit for bringing Bollywood lasses to the threshold of being bold in talking relationships in public domain. She adds with a casual shrug, \"We were the first ones to be open about our personal lives we were considered non serious because of this.\"But it doesn't really come as a surprise, the claim to the credit, when Pooja has never shied away from going bold whether while acting or directing. Though much in news for \" Jism 2\" Pooja dimisses talking about the film with the wave of a hand and says, \"I wish to remake \"Dil Hai Ki Manta Nahin\" with Ranbir Kapoor and Alia (her sister) and recreate the chemistry that I shared with Aamir onscreen. It is one of the top love stories of our industry till date and one of the first road film without the tricks of foreign location,\" says the actor who was in Varanasi recently.But in this age of action will romance sell? \"What is life without romance? The world revolves around love. If it is not a love story I cannot work on the film. You cannot put arms around twenty crore of rupees, life is miserable if you don't have someone to share it with. I like working on love stories. Even \"Jism 2\" is a love story though an adult one. It does not cater to a teeny bopper's emotions. When the earlier \"Jism\" was released people had expected a skin fest but it was the chavvani audience who went away and it was the women above the age of 35 and young couples who made the film a hit. I find it strange that we are catering primarily to an audience of GenNext. There is nothing for the mature audience in the films today which is rather unfortunate, but I try to focus my films to make them appeal to an emotionally mature audience,\" she says.Always living on her own rules, Pooja says, \"I am at that stage of life when I have nothing to lose and every thing to gain. I am not afraid of failure since I have failed enough as a director. In fact, the bigger the budget of a film is, the more it operates on fear. Then you take the artiste jo bikta hai rather than your work from your heart. When I was making \"Jism\", I wanted to take John Abraham for the film who was just a model then. I was not ready to compromise on this though lot of people advised me against it. I did not want Shah Rukh Khan for the film. Now the same people ask me ki 'kya John Abraham nahi hai \"Jism 2\" mein?' It is the herd mentality that rules the roost in the industry today. The same applies to Sunny Leone. Everyone waiting to see who would bell the cat and now that we have belled the cat, others too want to do it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12078411", "title": "City residents pour out civic problems", "text": "BHOPAL: On scale, it may not have been a grand affair, but in the second weekly public hearing on Tuesday, 39 cases related to civic body-related grievances were heard in the Sadar Manzil, headquarters of the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Tuesday. Most cases were about water problems, building permission, pension, encroachments and cleanliness-related issues. Besides, 20 cases of similar nature were heard in 14 zone offices of the corporation.The programme got going from last week, more than two years after chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had made it mandatory for all administrative departments to have weekly public hearing in 2009.Nitin Saxena, Right to Information (RTI) activist, complained to the BMC higher-ups present that the BMC officials do not provide proper information when an RTI is registered in any department.Commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastav instructed officials to provide him all the necessary information in seven days and warned the officials against any act of irresponsibility.Mayor Krishna Gaur, Mayor-in-Council members, corporators, BMC commissioner and all the head of the departments were present at the meeting.The grievances were registered through mobile phones as well. \"We were receiving complaints through phone calls as well,\" the BMC commissioner said. \"The process will continue and the problems of the people will be solved, not only just heard,\" the commissioner assured.\"It was the first time when a public hearing was conducted at a grand level,\" BJP corporator and MiC member Krishna Mohan Soni told TOI.\"It is a good thing that the new commissioner began the practice of public hearing,\" BMC council chairperson Kailash Mishra told TOI.Former commissioner of the BMC did not conduct any public hearing in his tenure despite the state government orders for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080548", "title": "Cannes bends rules for Kamal Haasan", "text": "This story is one of its kind. The prestigious Cannes Film Festival has bent its rules and extended its deadline to accommodate Kamal Haasan's Viswaroopam to March 15 in its competitive section.Busy with the Hindi and Tamil dubbing, when contacted, Hassan said, \"At the moment, I can't discuss my plans for Cannes because we're really trying hard to complete the film on time. But yes, the Cannes film festival is keen on having Viswaroopam. I am in constant touch with Christian Jeune from the Festival. She's keeping a track of our progress.\"\"A 9-member Cannes jury will view the film and then decide its fate. I am confident we've made a remarkable film, and we need no endorsement. But Cannes is special. We're definitely doing our best to get there on time,\" he added.The actor has invited a special dialogue coach in Tamil and Hindi to get the artistes' dubbing in place. Atul Tiwari who has for long been associated with Govind Nihalani, is supervising the Hindi dialogues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12077976", "title": "Fishermen's killing: Out-of-court settlement likely to end India-Italy row", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Italy on Tuesday struggled to overcome differences on the case of two Italian naval guards held in Kochi for killing two Indian fishermen, amid indications that Rome might consider an out-of-court settlement to resolve the issue that has evoked public opinion in both countries.The idea of a compensation package figured during the meeting foreign minister S M Krishna had with his Italian counterpart Guilio Terzi in New Delhi on Tuesday to \"clear the air\".However, while India seemed to allay Italy's anxiety to secure the release of its naval guards, a gulf continues to separate the nations on how the duo should be dealt with. Even on Tuesday, Italy kept up its insistence that the Italian naval personnel be tried under international law, while New Delhi stuck to its position they should be tried under Indian laws.The Indian side told the Italians that they were free to take this position with the magistrate in Kochi.In a media statement after his talks with Krishna, Terzi, acknowledged the disagreement. \"I have explained frankly the position of my government on the legal aspect of this issue...there is a difference of opinion which is not resolved\" he said.The Italian foreign minister who traveled to Kochi before heading off to Vietnam , added, \"We hope to pursue the matter in a friendly spirit, understanding and cooperation.\" However, Terzi conveyed regret about the deaths and offered condolences to India and the fishermen's families. \"Our sailors in Kochi have been the victims of the same reason that caused the death of two Indian fishermen, the threat of piracy,\" he said.Krishna told journalists, \"We met in the backdrop of unfortunate incident. There is strong public opinion on both sides. Minister Terzi and I agreed that we need to clear the air so that people in both countries are reassured of our will and commitment.\"Conveying Italy's and its people's condolences to India and the families of fishermen killed, Terzi said the \"unfortunate\" incident took place due to the threat of piracy in the Indian Ocean region.The Italian claim of a different jurisdiction is unlikely to hold, say sources. The two Italian naval guards are in police custody in a guesthouse, but they are scheduled to attend their first hearing on March 1. The fact that they have been booked under Section 302 might make things difficult. But the Kerala high court too has floated the possibility of an out-of-court settlement. Also, Italy's room for maneuver has been severely constrained because the people, boat and their arms are all in Indian custody.Officials said the talks between Krishna and Terzi covered a wide range of subjects, including the euro crisis and terrorism where the two nations have a close relationship. The Indian side assured the Italians that they would be kept informed of the progress of the fishermen's case.Krishna took the opportunity to thank Terzi for his support on the Sikh turban issue, which is particularly sensitive back home. \"We appreciate the measures taken by the Italian government and look to Italy's continued support in resolving this issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078563", "title": "BJP MP Dinu Solanki gets clean chit in Jethava murder case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The BJP MP from Junagadh, Dinu Bogha Solanki, has got a clean chit from the investigating officer (IO) in connection with the murder of RTI activist, Amit Jethava.On Tuesday, Surendranagar SP, Raghavendra Vats submitted his voluminous investigation report before the Gujarat high court as per court's direction to probe deeper in Solanki's alleged role in the murder.Jethava had filed a PIL alleging that Solanki was involved in illegal mining activity in the Gir sanctuary. Few days later, he was shot dead in front of the high court campus on July 20, 2010. City crime branch took up the probe and arrested six persons including Solanki's nephew, Shiva Solanki for conspiracy and planning Jethava's murder.The city crime branch did not move ahead in its investigation after arresting the six. Jethava's father, Bhikhalal moved HC demanding CBI probe alleging that Gujarat police was shielding the BJP MP. Upon HC directions, Vats carried out further probe.With his probe report, he has filed an affidavit stating that he has found involvement of no other accused person other than those already arrested and charge-sheeted. In his probe report, which also carried 11-page long statement by Solanki, Vats told the court that call details records were obtained and analysed, bank records were scrutinized to find out whether any transaction had taken place to pay the assassins.Vat's probe report said that it was Shiva himself who had conspired and paid the amount to assassins by asking the money of his share of ancestral land from his brother. Besides, investigation was carried out in Solanki's mining business, but the IO found no shred of evidence implicating the BJP MP in this murder.A bench of justices D H Waghela and J C Upadhyay has kept hearing on this case on March 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12076630", "title": "3 killed in separate mishaps", "text": "VARANASI: Three persons, including a girl, were killed in three separate road mishaps of the region on Tuesday. According to reports, Rishinarayan Singh (50), a private security guard of Bhaskara Talab under Rohania police station limits, was going to his workplace on a bicycle when a truck hit him on GT Road. He died on the spot while the truck driver sped away.In Ballia district, one Ghurahu Chauhan (40) was killed while six other passengers sustained serious injuries when an SUV (Jeep) and a pick-up van collided near Rampatti village under Bhimpur police station limits. In Azamgarh district, Puja Verma (16) of Mulnathpur village under Kaptanganj police station limits, was run over by an SUV (Xylo) when she was heading towards her tuition class on her bicycle. She died on the spot while the SUV driver sped away from the scene. Angered over the incident, the locals blocked the road and staged a massive demonstration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077480", "title": "Submit plans of octroi posts location, HC tells NMC", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High court on Tuesday directed the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to submit plans on location of octroi posts on major roads in the city. A division bench comprising justices Sharad Bobde and Prasanna Varale was hearing a suo motu PIL where it asked the respondents to file a reply within two weeks.The court had taken serious cognisance of media reports that highlighted severe traffic congestion on roads within city's jurisdiction, particularly in front of octroi posts. The reports brought to the fore as to how a teenage girl lost her leg in an accident on Dabha Road near an octroi post due to traffic congestion.The judges emphasized on coordinated planning among various government agencies associated with the road laying work and also setting up of octroi posts. They also warned that if the agencies failed to take steps in this direction, they will pass appropriate directions.Prasad Abhyankar who was appointed as amicus curiae in the PIL stressed on the need to relocate octroi posts with proper planning and coordination to reduce traffic bottlenecks with a view to avoid mishaps.He also suggested that NMC should create separate parking places near major octroi posts for heavy vehicles. He said it will go long way in reducing traffic congestion and avoiding accidents like the one happened in Dabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12076886", "title": "Doctors caution against consumption of adulterated 'khoya'", "text": "KANPUR: The homeopathic doctors have urged the people to avoid adulterated 'khoya' for safer and healthier Holi. The doctors were taking part in a conference in which experts from Noida and Delhi also took part.Talking about adulteration in 'khoya' or 'mawa', Dr Anirudh Verma, secretary of central council of homoeopathy, said that the most common ingredient of spurious 'khoya' is chalk powder.\"Similarly, chemicals like sodium hydroxide, sodium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate, formalin and detergents are added to increase the density of the milk,\" Dr Verma added.Talking about the hazards of adulterated 'Khoya' in pregnant women, Dr Arti Mohan said that consumption of such khoya may increase blood pressure during delivery and can even lead to strokes. Adulteration can lead to malfunctioning of baby's mind and body.According to the health experts, use of urea, white ink, soda in 'khoya' can lead to gastroenteritis.\"But if one keeps on consuming it for a longer time it could even damage the liver and kidney and ultimately prove to be fatal,\" Dr Hemant Mohan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12078716", "title": "Tech town stays logged on", "text": "KOLKATA: IT sector employees in Salt Lake Sector V are used to attend office on a bandh day. But their suffering was less this time as the government ensured smooth transportation and companies arranged for unprecedented facilities for the employees. Consequently, the turn out on Tuesday beat previous attendance records on a bandh day and the employees were not complaining either.According to Nasscom, the average attendance in Sector V on Tuesday was around 70-75 %. \"We had appealed to the IT companies to keep their offices open and they have responded positively . This has helped to send a very strong signal to the people outside Bengal that work culture has returned to the state,\" said Suparno Moitra, regional manager (east), Nasscom. According to industry sources, this figure is 10-15 % more than the shutdowns earlier.The positive response has left IT minister Partha Chatterjee elated. \"I am very happy with the response in the IT sector. I think attendance was in excess of 75%,\" he beamed. But CITU-affiliated West Bengal IT Services Association general secretary Somnath Bhattacharya had a different opinion. \"Our call for shutdown was successful and the attendance in the IT sector was very poor. We haven't stopped anybody from going to work though,\" he assured.The companies, however, had done everything to ensure work doesn't get hampered due to the bandh. BPO company Aegis, for example, had made arrangement for overnight stay of its 800-900 male employees. Women staffers were dropped home last night and were picked up early in the morning on Tuesday. Anup Chaturvedi , one of the employees, said, \"Our company took care of our foods and all other necessities.\"But employees of all firms weren't that lucky. Many companies faced problems in ferrying their employees. PricewaterhouseCoopers was acase in point. The firm could not make arrangement to ferry its employees due to unavailability of car vendors.Though offices in Sector V saw almost full houses, the roads outside wore a deserted look. Private and government buses were plying, but very few taxis could be spotted. The roadside vendors, who keep the IT hub buzzing on any other day, were conspicuous by their absence. Out of the 50-60 vendors, only eight-nine opened their shops. One such vendor, Biswajit Shau, said, \"We knew there won't be many customers as most of the offices will arrange for the food. But still I opened my shop.\"According to Bidhannagar police commissionarate DC (headquarters) Subrata Banerjee, additional mobile police force was deployed in Sector V to prevent any untoward incident. \"Additional mobile police team was put into place, but no trouble was reported from anywhere ,\" he said.TIMES VIEWA nearly full attendance at offices on a bandh day is a giant step towards enhancing the state's pro-industry image, which has taken a severe beating over the years. The state government's effort to ensure transportation and the firms' cooperation towards their employees are commendable. The workforce should respond positively every time a bandh is called to help the state build a clean image. Involvement from all quarters is needed to root out the bandh culture, the government can't fight the menace alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12080412", "title": "ICRISAT takes up research on diseases, pests that damage crops", "text": "HYDERABAD: The International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (ICRISAT) and Department of Science and Technology (DST) of Central government recently launched a plant protection project to carry out a research on diseases and insect pests that cause huge crop loss.Diseases and insect pests cause a crop-loss of over USD 8.48 billion annually and this loss is likely to grow at least fourfold under the climate change scenario, an ICRISAT official said.Considering this threat to sustainable food production, particularly in the dry land areas of India and other developing countries, ICRISAT and DST have launched the project under the Centre of Excellence on Climate Change for Plant Protection (CoE-CCRPP) at the ICRISAT headquarters on the outskirts of the city here.The project, funded by the DST Climate Change programme, is for a three-year period, with an overall goal to establish facilities and provide opportunities for ICRISAT and partner institutes to conduct research-for-development initiative on climate change and its impact on diseases and insect-pests of legumes in the semi-arid tropics.The DST-ICRISAT partnership would have a major bearing on environment-friendly, pest-mitigation strategies for the sustainable production of grain legumes and in increasing food security in the dry land areas, particularly in regions most vulnerable to climate change, the official said.Dr Suresh Pande, ICRISAT Principal Investigator of CoE-CCRPP, said global warming and climate change would lead to emergence of more aggressive pest and pathogen populations, resulting in heavy losses by pest and disease epidemics, particularly in grain legumes such as chickpea and pigeonpea.He said CoE-CCRPP project would serve as the platform in the conduct of targeted research to better understand and mitigate the effects of climate change on plant and pest diseases", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12076191", "title": "Muslim turnout augurs well for SP", "text": "LUCKNOW: After the sixth phase, which saw 60.08% polling, SP had some reasons to smile. The high turnout could augur well for Mulayam who could only have done better than his party's 2007 dismal score of only 3 in the 13 districts against BSP's 37. After this, only 60 constituencies in Rohilkhand and a small part of west UP will vote in the final phase on March 3.Though the SP has been a favourite of Muslims for long, it was weak in this area because it did not have any influence over the Jats, who constitute 17% of the total population. The other/most backward classes were divided between BJP and SP. The BJP also had support of upper castes, while the BSP had the support of 22% Dalit population in the region.Muslims are known to tactically vote for the party in the best position to defeat BJP. In the 2007 assembly polls, the community preferred BSP. Even in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, Muslims voted in large numbers for BSP, helping it bag six of the 15 seats in the area. But this time the ruling party is facing strong anti-incumbency. Both SP and Congress have aggressively wooed the Muslims in the ongoing elections. Congress joined hands with RLD, which has a hold over Jats. And this led to the Congress-RLD alliance being projected as more powerful than SP with an eye on the Muslim votes. But political analysts point out that the dispute between RLD and Congress over the former projecting Jayant Chaudhary as chief ministerial candidate just before the sixth phase dented prospects of the alliance.Congress hopes were also high because of defection of prominent Muslim leader Rasheed Masood from SP. But SP paid the Congress back by grabbing influential Gujjar leader Yashpal Singh, who was with Congress earlier. The Gujjars are about 5% of the population in the area but are crucial in a tight contest.The highest turnout of 69% was reported from the Saharanpur city constituency and the lowest was Noida at 50%. Saharanpur was also on the top in district-wise comparison by recording 64.86% followed by Mathura at 63.80%, Bulandshahr at 61.07%, Meerut 60.86%, Panchsheelnagar 60.67%, Mahamayanagar 60.50% Aligarh 60%, Prabudh Nagar 59.33%, Muzaffarnagar 59.17%, Agra 58.82%, Ghaziabad 58%, Baghpat 55.67% and Gautambudh Nagar 55.60%.In comparison to the 60.08% polling recorded in the 13 districts this time, the total voting in 2007 and 2002 assembly elections was 46.81% and 51.86% respectively. In the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, these 13 districts taken together recorded 50.24% turnout.Tuesday's polling was also the second highest in the ongoing elections. The percentage of the first five phases were 60.10%, 55.60%, 57.22%, 58.38% and 60.47% respectively. The average so far comes out to be 58.64%, which is higher than the highest ever 57.13% turnout recorded in 1993 assembly polls in the state after independence. If such a high polling trend continues in the last phase, the 2012 assembly elections would be historic in terms of voter turnout.Over 55 complaints related to problems in electronic voting machines were reported. Barring boycott at couple of polling stations in Behat assembly seat, Saharanpur, disturbances were reported from three places -- one from Agra and two from Gautambudh Nagar.\"In 30 districts out of 65, where polling has been held in first six phases so far, voter turnout has been over 60%. In comparison, only Lalitpur recorded above 60% turnout in 2007 assembly elections,\" said chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha. The factors responsible for high turnout are said to be voting by women and first time voters in large number, comparatively less number of anomalies in the voter list, pleasant weather conditions and 100% turnout of cadre of various political parties.Prominent faces in the fray were RLD president Ajit Singh's son Jayant and seven ministers in the Mayawati government -- Ramveer Upadhaya, Dharam Singh Saini, Chaudhary Laxmi Narayan, Yograj Singh, Thakur Jaiveer Singh, Lakhiram Nagar from Kithore and Vedram Bhati.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedbad", "code": "12078302", "title": "Trade unions observe bandh", "text": "AHMEDBAD: More than 5,000 members of organized trade unions in the city carried out a rally from Apna Bazaar to JP Chowk, Khanpur demanding better pay, adherence to National Commission for Enterprises in the Unorganized Sector (NCEUS) requirements and abolishment of contract system. While most of the banks observed bandh in eastern city parts, the impact was not felt in western areas as it was business as usual for them. The trade unions, however, have termed the bandh as success.The national trade unions had given a bandh call on Tuesday to address burning issues of the trade employees that have been long ignored both by the government and private sectors. The rally on Tuesday saw participation of National Confederation of Bank Employees, Gujarat Federation of Trade Unions, Self-Employed Women's Association (SEWA), Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh, Centre for Indian Trade Unions, AMTS Employees Union amongst others.The activists took on the road with banners and boards with slogans demanding justice and equality. Women also joined in a large number.\"We did not want any monetary benefits but our issues such as spiraling inflation, unethical privatization policies, no adherence to labour laws and undue advantage of lower class employees have not been addressed for long. Thus, we wanted to show strength of our unity in the entire nation and seek justice,\" said Ajay Badani, general secretary of National Confederation of Bank Employees, Gujarat.AMTS employees also joined in a large number. They demanded permanent jobs, minimum wages at Rs 10,000 and abolishment of contract system. They also expressed dissent over arbitrary shunting policy adopted by the employees. Many bank customers were caught unawares when they visited the bank branches in the walled city areas as the banks were closed for day-to-day transactions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12078179", "title": "Eco-sensitive zones yet to be declared, admits govt", "text": "The government on Tuesday admitted in the assembly that the government is yet to declare the eco-sensitive zone for conservation of Nal Sarovar and Thol bird sanctuary. Forest minister Mangubhai Patel in reply to Sherkotda MLA Shailesh Parmar, said there is no restriction on construction in the 10 km periphery area of Nal Sarovar and Thol bird sanctuaries, both in Ahmedabad district. tnnThe government in reply to Sherkotda MLA Shailesh Parmar has stated that there is no restriction of construction in 10 km periphery area of both the sanctuaries.However Patel said that any construction of more than 20,000 square meters built up area will have to first take permission of the national board of wild life and later get environment clearance.Parmar alleged that many real estate schemes have come up in the eco-sensitive zone of these two sanctuaries, which violates the rules. Rejecting the claims of the MLA, Patel said that there is no violation of any law or rules.The Supreme Court of India in 2002 ordered all the state governments and the union government to restrict construction in sanctuaries, national parks and forest areas and also declare 2 to 10 km radius area as eco-sensitive zone. However even after 10 years of the Supreme Court orde, the state government is yet declare the eco-sensitive zones in most of the sanctuaries and national parks of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077717", "title": "Survey of India to bring out new set of maps soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Survey of India is all set to bring out a new set of maps with never before details like open spaces, rocky areas, important buildings and landmarks, roads and even power lines passing through an area soon.One of the first such maps brought out by it as part of a pilot project was displayed during an exhibition and Open Day, organized in connection with the National Science Day at Survey of India office at Uppal here on Tuesday.As of now the country has maps of the scale of 1:50,000 for every place in the country. Now, maps scaled to 1:10,000 which are being prepared will be made available to public soon.One such map of Jadcherla in Mahbubnagar district was on display on Tuesday. Speaking to TOI, Ashok Prim, deputy surveyor general, Survey of India, said a complete map of Andhra Pradesh was also ready and would be made available to public soon. \"Such maps are not only beneficial for the public but they are of great help to planners,\" he said.Unlike earlier, these maps would be available online, he said. As many as 1.25 lakh maps that show very specific details of the entire country will be brought out for the benefit of the public.Students of several schools who visited the exhibition were also explained about various activities taken up by the Survey of India. The theme of the exhibition was 'Clean energy options and nuclear safety'. There were also video presentations for the students. An Open Day for engineering students would also be conducted soon to explain them about the latest technology and developments in preparing maps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12077852", "title": "Chikkarangappa leads Jasjit by 3 shots", "text": "CHANDIGARH: S Chikkarangappa returned to the venue where he lost his All India Amateur title recently and opened with a round of three-under 68 on the opening day of the Samarvir Sahi Chandigarh Open Golf Championship at the Chandigarh Golf Club.The Championship has been organised under the aegis of the Indian Golf Union (IGU) and marks the memory of the very talented golfer, Samarvir Sahi, who was a compatriot of the Indian ace, Jeev Milkha Singh . Eighty-one players from all over India have come to participate and heralds the start of the IGU season after the North Zone qualifier last week at the Panchkula Golf Club. Chikka, who opened with three birdies in first five holes, had seven birdies against four bogeys in an aggressive performance and he was three shots ahead of Jasjeet Singh (71), whose card had two birdies and two bogeys. Local lad Raghav Bhandari, with four birdies and an eagle, was lying in third place because of a triple bogey that upset his applecart and he returned a one-over 72. Khalin Joshi, also from the Chikka's home state of Karnataka, was tied fourth with a score of 73 along with Siddarth Semwal of Delhi and Ashbeer Saini from the Rail Coach Factory golf course, Kapurthala. Delhi's talented Honey Baisoya was lying in tied seventh place with Sher Mohammed, Arjun Sharma and Ravindra Kumar --- all of whom shot a 74. Some of the big names struggled on the opening day as All India Amateur champion Angad Cheema who carded a 80 and was lying 38th, while Gagan Verma, who lost to Cheema in the All India final, carded 78 and was tied 30th. Bangladesh Open winner Manav Das was tied 11th alongside Trishul Chinappa and Simarjeet Singh at 75.The amateur championship is being held under the aegis of the Indian Golf Union and has been revived after a gap of one year. The Championship originated in 1996. This championship has traditionally attracted top amateurs and has been won in the past by the likes of Asian Tour star, Gaganjeet Bhullar, and Rashid Khan. Asian Tour veteran, Amandeep Johl, has arranged for a sponsor this year after the CGC insisted on a capitation fee of Rs 1.5 lakh for staging the tourney. Samarvir, a very talented golfer with a booming drive, was part of the golden era which produced great players from Chandigarh. As a neighbour of Jeev and Johl, Sahi grew up playing at the CGC with them and Asian Tour players Harmeet Kahlon and Amritinder Singh. Sahi not only had top finishes in junior/sub-junior tournaments in India but went on to captain the golf team of Albright College in Reading, Pennyslavania, despite facing rascist opposition. He eventually won the college trophy for the best golfer. Sahi died at the age of 25 after being afflicted with cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12076912", "title": "Man found murdered at desolate spot", "text": "KANPUR: An unidentified man, around 40 years of age, was found murdered at a desolate spot on a highway, falling under the jurisdiction Akbarpur Kotwali, on Monday.On Monday morning, the cops were informed that there was a person lying dead inside a desolate ruined structure on the roadside in Rania. The man appeared to have been brutally assaulted with sharp-edged weapon and later strangulated to death. The person was wearing a red T-shirt and a brief. There were nearly a dozen bottles of liquor lying near the body, the assailants had caused injuries on his private parts.Elsewhere, a 50-year-old woman died after she was hit by a speeding vehicle near Chandrika village, located in Chaubeypur police area on Tuesday. The woman has been identified as Rajrani, wife of Deo Singh of Chandrika village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077782", "title": "Drunk drivers to face counselling", "text": "HYDERABAD: More trouble is in store for drunk drivers as the Hyderabad police have decided to put them through counselling sessions besides forcing them to appear before a magistrate.Police sources told TOI that starting from April, motorists caught driving in an inebriated condition would be made to attend special counselling sessions at the Traffic Training Institute, Goshamahal. The proposal was cleared by Hyderabad police commissioner AK Khan since a similar move for erring teenage drivers has yielded positive results for the cops.In the last three weeks, 3,750 teenage drivers along with their parents had to undergo an hour-long counseling session either at the Begumpet or Goshamahal traffic police stations. They were shown CCTV footage of actual traffic violations and gory images of accident victims.\"The Traffic Training Institute building is under renovation and civil works will be completed in a month. A new module for motorists caught during the drive against drunken driving is being worked out for the counselling session. In the last three weeks, the crackdown on teen drivers and the counselling session have sent shivers down the spine of youngsters because of the spread of news by the erring youngsters and their parents\", additional commissioner of police (Traffic) CV Anand told TOI.Police said 3,839 minors were caught for not possessing driving licence, while 28 were booked for driving in an inebriated state.\"A girl, who was driving a Skoda , was caught after she jumped the signal. When inquired, she claimed she violated the rule as she was getting late for an exam. We made her attend the counselling along with her parents. Of the total erring teen motorists, 15% have been found to be female motorists,'' the official said.Youngsters are known for jumping signals or indulging in triple driving, but to the shock of the police, 1,503 motorists were booked for talking on the mobile while driving.On Monday, an eight-year-old boy was caught by the police for indulging in triple riding. He was sent for a counselling session and made to watch accident videos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12078364", "title": "State gets a poll-centric budget", "text": "BHOPAL: Apparently keeping the focus locked on assembly elections next year, the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government tabled its 2012-13 budget on Tuesday, largely with no fresh taxes or impositions.Bristling with many populist sops, the budget also pruned value added tax (VAT) on petrol, besides making substantial allocations to the state's pathetic power sector and to improve its dilapidated roads.The exemption limit for professional tax was raised from Rs 1.20 lakh to Rs 1.5 lakh per annum, which would benefit lakhs of the salaried class in the private sector. Dearness Allowance of state employees has been ramped up to be at par with central government staff, with a 7% hike. Following up on the CM's Beti Bachao drive, the budget has provisioned a pension scheme for parents who have only daughters, and no sons.VAT has been pruned to 5% from the current 13% on a variety of items including the originally Gujarati savoury, Khakhra and on Khas-Khas, besides on all kinds of CFL and LED bulbs and tubelights.Adult diapers and sanitary napkins, aluminium circles and sheets, have also become cheaper with the VAT rate cut.Stamp duties, mainly on mortgage of documents for loans, have been reduced, bringing down the cost of documentation on educational loans and other mortgages for industrial purposes.Presenting the budget, state finance minister Raghavji indicated a fiscal deficit of Rs 10017, which put the overall proposed expenditure at Rs 80030.98 crores. The budget has its thrust on agriculture and allied sectors with nearly 40 % of the allocation being earmarked for those.\"Madhya Pradesh has come out from the category of BIMARU states and joined the progressive states\", Raghavji claimed, adding that the average gross state domestic Product (GSDP) at constant prices is to be 9.7 % for the twelfth five year plan, higher than the national average.With the government facing the heat from various quarters, including from the farmers and people in the rural areas, for the grim power scenario and protracted blackouts, the finance minister sought to make a substantial allocation for the energy sector amounting to Rs 7710 crore - 49% more than of last year. A separate allocation of Rs 384 crores has been made for enhancing power generation capacity while Rs 27 crore has been earmarked for promotion of non-conventional energy.With the condition of roads in the state threatening to be a major poll issue in next year's polls, the budget has upped the provision for roads by a massive 53%, bringing the allocation to Rs 4694 crores.On the law and order front-another critical area for the state government with the big spike in crime-the FM announced recruitments to 6255 new posts in the police during 2012-13, and to set up a state industrial security force to protect state industrial units, semi government institutions and banks. Traffic management and data centres would be established at Indore, Bhopal, Jabalpur &amp; Ujjain.The health sector gets Rs 3,596 crore. The FM announced five new medical colleges in the PPP mode at Ratlam, Satna, Seoni, Vidisha and Dewas where these colleges would be attached to the respective district hospitals.Stressing on the education of girl child, the budget has proposed a transport allowance for girl students.A higher education fund would also be established to provide financial assistance to students belonging to economically weaker sections for higher education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077818", "title": "Loan sharks thrive as banks drive out auto loan-seekers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The reluctance of financial institutions, especially the State Minority Finance Corporation and the nationalized banks, to finance those planning to buy autorickshaws has allowed illegal financiers to exploit the situation in a big way.Conservative estimates put the number of autos in the Old City at 40,000, half of which are said to have been purchased through loans, mainly from financiers, both legal and illegal. It is said that at least Rs 200 crore has been pumped in by the private financiers into the market. And to recover the amount and also to keep the business going, many of these financiers or loan sharks resort to extreme measures like seizing documents, getting the borrower sign on blank papers, confiscating vehicles, etc.According to police sources, due to lack of access to funds, auto drivers end up falling prey to these financiers. Amanullah Khan , chairman of Telangana Auto Drivers' Association, said, \"Every week there is an incident of harassment reported to us by auto drivers. There have been instances of suicides as well. The problem can be tackled only if auto drivers are given loans on low interest rates,\" he said. He opined that loans with diminishing interest component should be introduced and the government should be the one to come out with such initiatives.Syed Amin Jafri, an expert on minority issues and MLC, said banks should start lending as mandated by the Financial Inclusion Programme of RBI. \"Under the FIP, banks are supposed to lend money to the minorities. The inclusion policy dictates that everybody gets a basic no-frills bank account. But for minorities and residents of Old City, even bank accounts are not easily available,\" he informed. He also complained that the AP State Minority Finance Corporation (APSMFC) was not providing adequate loans. \"Minority Finance Corporation should provide loan subsidies. But after the state government waived off loans in 2008, the lending rate has come down,\" he said. He also added that the collapse of cooperative banks and other non-banking financial institutions in the Old City has created a vacuum that needs to be filled.Illyas Razvi, managing director of SMFC, maintained that loans were being given on regular basis every year. But according to sources, this year the allocation for the loan subsidy for all schemes of the corporation, including autorickshaw financing, is paltry Rs 25 crore. Though the management is aware of the high demand, it is unable to meet the requirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12076169", "title": "Two held with hundreds of watches worth crores", "text": "JAIPUR: The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) detained two passengers from the international airport here on charges of possessing over 700 foreign-made expensive watches worth crores of rupees after they got off an Air Arbia flight early on Tuesday morning.In the hushed-up operation, the DRI caught the two persons even before they walked into the luggage frisking area at the airport. Sources said the two passengers whose identities were withheld were part of an international racket involved in smuggling.The sources also said some of the watches were diamond-studded. However, the brands of the watches were not revealed.The airport officials said if the consignment of the watches is found to be illegal, it will be one of the biggest haul of smuggled items seized at the airport in the recent years.The agency has refused to divulge the identities of both the arrested passengers (one male and another female). Airport source informed that the DRI team arrived at the international terminal immediately after Air Arabia flight landed at 3.05am. \"The DRI officials already had a tip-off regarding the two passengers. They picked up suspects without frisking any other passenger from the departure lounge,\" an airport source said. Sources also said one was a middle-aged man while the girl is believed to be his daughter.The team identified the credentials of arrested persons with the documents it had before leaving with both of them. During the entire operation, the DRI officials didn't reveal their identities to airport officials, but took customs officers into confidence as they picked up the two passengers. \"The duo didn't protest the arrest and went with the officers,\" airport sources said.Source said during the frisking, it was found that the duo had kept the watches wrapped in clothes in different suitcases. \"Soon, we will evaluate the cost of the watches which will decide the course of action against the passengers. However, the value of watches go well into crores\" a DRI officer said on the condition of anonymity.The detainees have to present the proof of purchase and purpose of bringing them here.Jaipur airport director D Paul Manickam said, \"The airport authority is fully aware of the DRI action. Our officers co-operated with the agency.\"Sanganer police under which jurisdiction the airport area falls was kept out of the loop during the entire operation. The DRI officials refused to confirm where the two passengers are being kept detained. But the sources said they were detained by agency till the time the last report came in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12077990", "title": "Meetings can lower IQ, make you brain-dead", "text": "LONDON: How often do you attend meetings at your workplace? If a new research is to be believed, they can make you brain-dead impairing your ability to think for yourself.A team at the Virginia Tech Crilion Research institute in the US found that the performance of people in IQ tests after meetings was significantly lower than those who are left to decide on their own.And women more likely to perform worse than men, found the study, published in journal Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B.\"You may joke about how committee meetings make you feel brain-dead , but our findings suggest that they may make you act brain-dead as well,\" Read Montague , who led the study, was quoted as saying by the Daily Telegraph.\"We started with individuals who were matched for their IQ. Yet when we placed them in small groups, ranked their performance on cognitive tasks against their peers, and broadcast those rankings to them, we saw dramatic drops in the ability of some study subjects to solve problems,\" Montague said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12076106", "title": "Scuffle leaves guard dead", "text": "MANGALORE: Scuffle between a security guard and occupants of a commercial building at Bunts Hostel Circle here late on Monday resulted in the death of Ganesh, the guard. Mangalore City Police have arrested two persons - representatives of a private company in connection with the incident. The arrested - Adam Shakeer ,23, of Vamanjoor, and Abdul Qadir Rahman ,24, of Bunder, had informed city control room about the incident.According to police, the accused, who work in a private company located on the sixth floor of the building, while leaving their office around 11.30 pm found the main entrance locked. When they asked Ganesh to open the shutters, he refused the demand stating that he had instruction from the building owner not to do so for anyone after 10 pm.This led to heated arguments between Ganesh and the accused. Vinay Gaonkar, PI, Mangalore North Police said that Ganesh did not suffer any major injury in the scuffled that followed. \"Ganesh had a few abrasion marks on his body. Only an autopsy will shed light on the cause of death. Ganesh could have suffered a cardiac arrest and the accused not aware of this, might have rained blows on him,\" he added.The accused had called up the city control room asking them to deal with Ganesh. Since there was a delay by the time the PCR van arrived at the spot, the accused had left the spot. Police arrested the duo when they came back to their office later in the night. Police have registered a case of murder against the accused. They were produced before the second JMFC court judge later in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12078570", "title": "Auction of parking lots fetches Rs 1.36 crore", "text": "LUDHIANA: The MC authorities earned Rs 1.36 crore from the auction of one multi-level parking lot and another parking stand near old vegetable market on Tuesday. The officials generated Rs 1.11 crore from the parking lot near old vegetable market that was last year auctioned for Rs 1.1 crore. The multi-level parking lot was auctioned for Rs 25.87 lakh that last time had gone for Rs 27 lakh.Zonal commissioner Ajay Sood said, \"The auction went good and we generated good revenue. For multi-level parking, we had 16 applicants and for old vegetable market parking lot, only 5 applicants but in both the auctions, previous contractors retained the contract.\"This time, the officials refused from auctioning the parking space under the elevated road because it was leading to accidents and the price was lesser this time.The parking lot near old vegetable market is used by the residents but the multi-level parking lot near A zone office of MC, which was constructed to decongest busy markets, including Chaura Bazar and Clock Tower, was not proving much beneficial for the residents.MC had constructed the 7-storey parking lot in 1992 at a cost of Rs 32 crore. Hardly a few of the residents park their vehicles there, adding to the congestion. But the residents of the localities in old city park their luxury cars in the parking lot for which they have special passes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077800", "title": "3 brothers arrested with 113 kg of ganja", "text": "HYDERABAD: About 113 kg of ganja worth Rs 3.5 lakh was seized from a house in Langar Houz by excise and prohibition officials on Monday. The officials raided the house of M Ganesh Singh and arrested his three sons Rumesh, Pinkesh and Jithender Singh who were in possession of the banned substance.However, Ganesh Singh and his other son Dharam Singh managed to escape. A special team has been formed to nab them. Cases have been booked against the accused. The accused have been handed over to the prohibition and excise SHO, Golconda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12077308", "title": "Airlines refuse to move to new terminal", "text": "CHENNAI: Airlines have locked horns with the Airports Authority of India (AAI) over the commissioning of the new domestic terminal at Chennai airport. The Airline Operators Committee and domestic operators have shot off a letter to the AAI saying they would not move to the new building unless inline baggage scanning system is put in place.As it plans to commission the new domestic terminal in April, the AAI is forcing airlines to fall in line without installing modern facilities, some of which are essential to ensure security. The inline baggage scanning system scans bags at four levels, unlike the conventional system where passengers get their baggage scanned at an x-ray machine prior to check-in.\"We have decided not to move into the new terminal after AAI officials informed us that they would not be able to provide the inline baggage system when the terminal is opened in April,\" said an airline official. They say they don't want to take a risk when the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS) has asked major airports to install the system. This is because the conventional x-ray machines are not capable of detecting all explosives, according to a BCAS circular which has listed Chennai among the 17 airports where the system has to be installed.The circular says: \"Existing x-ray machines installed to screen registered baggage are in stand-alone mode and not capable of detecting 100% explosives. Stand-alone machines occupy space in departure lounges and also cause queues. Keeping in view the security threat, it is desirable that multi-level inline detection system is installed at major airports.\"The decision of airlines has put the AAI in a spot. Sources said AAI is yet to float tenders for the inline baggage system. \"It will take six months to procure the equipment. Officials are planning to shift x-ray machines being used at existing domestic terminal to the new building. However, airlines have informed AAI that they will not hand over their old machines,\" said an official.The new domestic terminal, which is designed for inline baggage system, will not have enough space for the conventional x-ray machines. Airlines fear that lack of space will lead to chaos and that they will have to bear the blame. Domestic annual passenger traffic has touched eight million at Chennai airport.Airport director E P Hareendranathan said the new terminals would have to use the old scanning system temporarily. \"Airlines insist they want modern facilities at the new terminal. Steps will be taken to resolve the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077719", "title": "Nano materials will better lives: Tyagi", "text": "NAGPUR: It is not for nothing that it is said never to underestimate the power of small. While delivering a lecture on 'Exciting world of materials: New challenges', AK Tyagi, head, solid state chemistry section, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre ( BARC), Mumbai and professor (chemistry), Homi Bhabha National Institute, said that in the coming times nano materials will change our lives.Tyagi, who was the chief guest, was delivering a lecture which was part of National Science Day celebrations organized at National Environmental Engineering Research Institute ( Neeri).Materials have been an important part of man's evolution, with ages being named after them. Tyagi said that after stone, bronze and iron in the past and now steel and silicon ages, we are entering the nano age. \"Nano materials are not new, they are old concepts we just didn't know about. It's only the terminology which is new,\" he said, adding that nano was not just hype, but had huge potential.Nano materials, which were found in the mid-1990s, brought about a sea change in material sciences. They have many applications, including health, energy and environment. Nano materials based fuel cells will play a huge role in better drug delivery to patients, especially those suffering from cancer and nano materials based fuel cells and hydrogen storage systems will be revolutionary.Tyagi said that in the contemporary material sciences, materials for society was very important as they were used for the benefit of common man. \"Scientists and academicians owe it to people and the country to do something for the common man's good. So it is our foremost duty to find out applications of the scientific developments happening in our labs,\" he said.He added that from the application point of view, interface between different branches of science is very important and the barriers dividing them should be brought down.He also said that the biggest challenge which material sciences were facing was the development of materials which are multi functional and have antagonistic properties. \"And I am sure that if research organizations of our country come together we will be successful in finding these,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077768", "title": "It requires leap of faith to marry on Feb 29", "text": "NAGPUR: If you are tired of the band-baaja and crackers surrounding weddings, here is some good news. It will be quite in the city on Wednesday, as most wedding venues and halls will remain vacant today. February 29 is an exceptional day, when one considers the number of weddings planned in February this year.Astrologers believe that this date is not good for couples to wed, since the day comes only once in four years. Astrologer Parbodh Wekhande says, \"Actually, February is a manipulated month in the British calendar, as two days have been cut off to reach the figure of 365 days in the year. It is required that any good day should appear in the calendar every year.\"Besides the advice of pandits, some marriages may also have been rescheduled using plain common sense that the anniversary would come only once in four years! But the truth is that there are almost no weddings happening in the city on Wednesday.Anil Sawalani of Swagat lawns says, \"We have no bookings for wedding celebrations either at Choker Dhani or Swagat lawns for today. This is a big day in every couple's life and I think they don't want the anniversary to come after every four years.\"In the tony Ramdaspeth area, Renuka Lawns too has no bookings for today. AV Bambawale, the owner, says, \"This is a peculiar date and thus people are wary of celebrating their wedding on this day.\"The managers at Tatya Tope hall, Shubham Mangal Karyalaya and Rangoli Banquet hall too said their premises are not booked for any weddings today. Mohd Zameer of Kashmir decorations says that no weddings are scheduled at Officers Club lawns or SCZCC too.Couples also try that babies are not born on this date. Wekhande says, \"Astrologically speaking, the horoscope of a child born on February 29 is bound to have some problems. Ideally, the day he was born should appear every year. But for three years the calendar does not have this date, so it amounts to getting 'lupt'. Such children have less resistance power and tend to fall ill very easily.\"Indeed, young mothers were trying to avoid a delivery on this day. Gynaecologist Dr Mangala Ghisad was handling one such patient. \"This lady is already in labour but has requested that we should avoid February 29. I will decide on a C-section on March 1, if it is medically viable.\"Senior gynaecologist Dr Anita Singh says that she has had such requests from many young mothers. \"Just two days back my patient Richa delivered a baby boy, who was actually due on February 29. I could meet her request since the baby was large and we had planned a C-section anyway.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080903", "title": "Google doodle celebrates leap year", "text": "Google's latest doodle celebrates the leap year and Italian composer Gioachino Antonio Rossini's 220th birthday. The doodle showcases four frogs, each closely associated to one of Rossini's best-known comic-opera \"The Barber of Seville'.In the doodle, while one of the frogs seems to be playing piano, another one looks like a leaping soprano. The third frog is the barber, Figaro, and the frog getting a shave is Almaviva. Interestingly, frogs, from a very long time, are associated with 'leap year'. Born on February 29, 1792, in Itlay, Rossini wrote 39 operas as well as sacred music, chamber music, songs and several instrumental and piano pieces. Nicknamed \"The Italian Mozart,\" he joined Bologna's Philharmonic School (now GB Martini State Conservatory of Music ) when he was just 14.There he composed his first opera seria - Demetrio e Polibio. During his teens, he learnt violin, horn, and harpsichord and often sung in public to earn money. Between 1815 and 1823 Rossini produced as many as 20 operas.Google doodles are the decorative changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries, and the lives of famous artists and scientists. The first doodle was created by Larry Page and Sergy Brin in the year 1998 to mark the celebrations of the Burning Man Festival. Google currently has over 1000 doodles. Google recently revamped its doodle site, which features largely all doodles created by the company. The website also gives a peek into the creative process that goes into creating these doodles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12077947", "title": "A man with 8 stents in body", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 54-year-old man from Yamunanagar is one of the rarest multiple stenting cases in India, with eight stents inserted in his body. These have been inserted in his thighs, abdomen, intestine, kidney and heart. His case was recently reported in an international cardiology journal, 'World journal of cardiology' by Dr Rajesh Vijayvergiya, associate professor of cardiology at PGI. And it is the first-ever published case of eight stents in a person.About the case, the cardiologist said, \"It is unusual to come across an individual with blocked blood vessels in every part of the body. We successfully treated him at PGI by inserting multiple stents, that is, a metallic ring across blocked vessels.\"\"The patient is diabetic and hypertensive. First, he complained of pain in both legs and fatigue after walking for 50 meters. His symptoms of heart pain and heart failure were treated with complex heart vessel stenting, hypertension and renal failure with stenting of kidney vessel. His meal abdominal pain was treated with intestinal vessel stenting and pain on walking a small distance with abdominal and mid-thigh vessel stenting,\" Dr Rajesh added.Each stent was inserted after a gap of six to 15 months. \"Due to the complexity of the case, we had to wait for a long period to stent other blocked arteries,\" he said.\"Initially, his heart stenting was done. But when he came after six months for a follow-up, it was found that his other arteries were also blocked,\" the cardiologist added.The patient had first visited PGI for treatment in 2008 and had been on follow-ups since 40 months. \"He has been discharged and can now lead a normal life,\" said Dr Rajesh. The patient had atherosclerotic coronary and peripheral arterial disease, wherein arteries of the heart and surrounding vessels are blocked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078662", "title": "Competition panel's film release order challenged", "text": "MUMBAi: Distributors' associations of several states and the Karnataka Film Chamber of Commerce will challenge the order of the Competition Commission of India (CCI) to lift restrictions on the release of films. \"We will challenge the order in the appellate body as it is the question of saving our regional cinema and films from other regions,\" said Chandrashekhar of KFCC.Producers and distributors have been asked to sign hold-back rights on releasing their films on home video, DTH and satellite rights. As the shelf life of films is getting shorter, production houses release movies on various platforms to maximize revenue, the associations fine them for not following the rules.Producers and distributors of films like Veer, Kites, Heroes, Pathshala, Guzaarish were asked to pay penalty between Rs 5 and Rs10 lakh.Trade analyst Amod Mehra said, \"Today, the business of cinema is only in the first three weeks. Usually, crucial days are lost in fighting to get a proper release date in such centres. Curbs in certain territories hamper business.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12078064", "title": "Budget content more crucial: CM Gowda", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Tuesday literally ridiculed his predecessor, BS Yeddyurappa , saying the content of the state budget for him is far more important than its size.At his birthday bash on Monday, Yeddyurappa said his intention of reclaiming the CM's gaddi was to present Rs 1 lakh crore pro-people's budget , and not otherwise . Reacting to this, Gowda said: \"My priority is to present a far-sighted budget, and not with populist programmes . I am really not bothered about the budget size, rather I am interested in presenting a good budget which can boost the state's overall development.\"DRINKING WATERGowda has decided to hold video-conferences with deputy commissioners and tahsildars every week to assess the drinking water problem. \"I have told district officials to be on their toes as experts have predicted a severe drinking water problem across the state in summer,\" the CM said after his Janata Darshan on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12076492", "title": "A long way for public transport to improve", "text": "PANAJI: Public transport in Goa remains deficient. It has not really penetrated the interior, rural villages, there is no proper public transport after twilight even in urban areas and no proper code of conduct is followed by public bus operators. For example, overcrowding in buses of private operators is rampant.It is precisely the deficiency of public transport that has caused vehicle population in Goa, especially those privately owned, to burgeon in this tiny state. From less than five lakh vehicles in 2007, it has now shot up to eight lakh. Of this, 5.33 lakh are private motorcycles and scooters. In the year 2010-2011, 63,000 new vehicles were registered in Goa of which 63% were two-wheelers.Goa has 1,600 buses run by private operators and only about 400 buses run by the government-owned Kadamba transport corporation. The private buses are often overcrowded, do not issue tickets to passengers and are perennially on the warpath with the government demanding fare hikes, industry status, subsidies and other concessions.The transport department is trying to enforce discipline by levying fines on traffic rule offenders. The department earned 75 lakh in fines in 2007-08. In 2010-11, the fines collected increased to 2.08 crore. From April to December 2011, the fines collected shot up to 2.12 crore.However, road accidents remain a matter of concern. From January to November, 2011, there were 279 fatal accidents in Goa. From January to December, 2010, there were 317 fatal accidents. With fines failing to make motorists observe traffic rules, authorities resorted to awareness campaigns in schools and colleges to teach students traffic safety rules. With no significant improvement, transport authorities are now telling students about the post-accident trauma that victims' families have to endure.On the plus side, the transport department has successfully implemented the \"Vahan and Saarthi\" software in its various offices. With these systems, the issuance of driving licences and vehicle registrations are done online. The department has also started e-services by which citizens can now apply for learners' licences, driving licences, renewal of driving licences and duplicate licences by going online.The transport department has also opened two new offices in the talukas of Canacona and Pernem. A new office will be set up in the new taluka of Dharbandora shortly taking the total transport department offices in Goa to 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12078427", "title": "Ground water to flow free in fields", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In a clear effort to woo the powerful farmers' lobby, the Gujarat government on Tuesday gave in to a major demand to lift groundwater restrictions in 57 talukas, declared dark zones. Making an announcement in the state assembly, irrigation minister Nitin Patel said that the government has decided take back a government order, issued on December 16, 2003, which banned exploitation of groundwater in 57 talukas, spread in 13 of 26 districts of Gujarat - Mehsana, Patan, Kheda, Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Rajkot, Kutch, Bharuch, Junagadh, Surendranagar , Banaskantha, Sabarkantha and Gandhinagar.This was the third major poll-oriented move from the Narendra Modi government in less than a week in the month-long state assembly session, which began on February 23. The first one was on February 24, in the form of budgetary sops worth Rs 410 crore by reducing electricity duty and value added tax (VAT) on several consumer goods. And the second was one was Gujarat Public Trusts (Repeal) Bill, 2012, on February 27, doing away with a year-old law that sought to put administrative and financial controls on religious trusts and NGOs.The Congress, the Sangh Parivar farmers' wing Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS) and other farmers' organizations wanted the restrictions removed immediately. The matter came in for sharp discussion between senior BKS leaders and several ministers led by state agriculture minister Dilip Sanghani ahead of the current session of the state assembly. The BKS strongly suggested that if the BJP rulers wanted support from it in the forthcoming polls, restrictions in the dark zones should be immediately removed, as this would assuage farmers' feelings.Modi himself took feedback from government officials who are sent to different talukas for his functions. They told him, dark zones were proving to be counter-productive. A top Modi aide said, \"During one such visit in Kheda district, I was handed over a memorandum from farmers for the removal of dark zone.\" Justifying the move , the minister said, \"We have removed the restrictions as a Wapcos study has found that the state's groundwater levels in the 57 talukas, out of a total of 225, have improved considerably (on an average by five metres) due to groundwater recharge schemes.\"The decision to take back groundwater restrictions in the dark zones is not without a rider. The farmers willing to use groundwater in these zones will have to obligatorily go in for micro irrigation, like drip and sprinkler. At the same time, the farmers who will get power connections for groundwater exploitation will get 60 per cent subsidy instead of 50 per cent for micro irrigation. The minister said, \"The farmers who had applied for power connections in 1990-95 in these dark zones will get priority in clearing about 1 lakh pending farmers' applications.\"Criticizing the move, state Congress chief Arjun Modhwadia said, \"Though you have given in to a long-standing demand, only big farmers will benefit, as small farmers cannot shift to micro irrigation.\" He demanded immediate clearance of pending applications for power connection, alleging, \"Till now, industrialists were being allowed to exploit groundwater in dark zones, while the farmers were left in a lurch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12077921", "title": "Factories, banks keep gates closed", "text": "Shops, restaurants cinemas and factories remained partially shut, while banks were closed. Some autorickshaws and taxis kept off the roads, but the city was not paralyzed as buses and other private transport vehicles were available in the city, railway station and air port. Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) and inter-state buses too, operated all schedules.Two autorickshaw unions in the city had called for a strike for higher fares: while one union wanted the minimum to be raised to Rs 20 from Rs 17, and Rs 10 per km, another union demanded that the fare be raised to Rs 24 minimum and 12 per km. As of now, nothing has been decided on the auto fare.Though BMTC promised to run extra buses, people complained that it was difficult to get buses on Tuesday. \"When I started for work around 11am, I found one auto rickshaw, but the driver was demanding a very high fare, so I decided to take the bus. But I had to wait for half an hour,\" said Shilpa Kumar, a resident of CV Raman Nagar.Most offices in the city functioned on Tuesday, while some companies organized cabs to ferry employees to work. Barring one or two schools in the city, other educational institutions functioned normally. Colleges decided to put off examinations.Protesters jam roadA protest by the insurance corporation employees' union left JC Road blocked for more than two hours. The protest started from JC Road and members of other organizations joined the march. Once they reached Cauvery Bhavan on KG Road, they sat on the road, blocking it. Roads adjacent to JC Road were also blocked. Police said the traffic jams extended up to Minerva Circle, Nrupathunga road, Corporation Circle, Shantinagar Double Road and beyond. When police asked them to clear the road, some people said if lawyers can protest, why couldn't they? The confrontation went out of control at one point, and police resorted to a mild lathicharge.Times viewThere's no denying that workers' demands must be looked into and fulfilled on merit. There are many fora to air one's grievances and as many channels to hold dialogue with the powers-that-be . Protesters must explore all these options before subjecting people to inconvenience - as it happened on Tuesday when transport system and banking services were partially hit. Beyond a point, blockades and shutdowns to press for one's demands could get reduced to mere tokenisms. Effective dialogue is the way forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12078088", "title": "Frequent fires destroy forest land in Nilgiris", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Forest fires broke out in five to six areas in the Nilgiris on Monday. A series of forest fires that occurred during February, in the three forest divisions besides the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR) has damaged at least 100 hectares of forest land. According to officials, most of the incidents of forest fire were man-made. Fire fighters have been deputed inside forest areas and are vigilant.As recently as Monday, a fire broke out at two or three locations at Valley View near Ooty. Fire service personnel rushed to the spots and fought the fire which was spreading rapidly due to the winds. Forest watchers and fire fighters made their way through thick jungles inside the MTR to clear the fire lines so that fire reported at the Kerala border on Monday would not spread. \"A forest fire has been reported at the Keral-Nilgiris border adjoining the MTR forests. A team of fire fighters are clearing the fire line deep inside the forest area adjoining the border,\" said A Pushpakaran, Forest Range Officer.According to P Raghuram Singh, Chief Conservator of Forests and Field Director, MTR, there were a series of wild fires in the MTR forests this month. \"Out of five ranges, three of them have suffered damages. However, only bushes and dry grass lands were damaged due. No tree was burnt as the fire was put out quickly. Fire patrolling work is in place in the MTR. Fire fighters along with anti-poaching watchers are combing the forest throughout the day and if any smoke is identified the fighters will attend to it immediately,\" Singh said.At least, eleven incidents of forest fire were reported in the North division of the Nilgiris forests since February 12. According to forest officials, the 11 incidents occurred in six ranges except in the Coonoor range in the division. Last Saturday, alone, fire broke out in Sigur, Singara and north range of the North division simultaneously damaging at least over 20 hectares.\"Most of the fire incidents are man-made. It is festival season in a temple located in the Sigur range. People from various parts of the hill district visit it. Some miscreants set fire to the dry bushes in the forests,\" said S Ramasubramanian, District Forest Officer (North Division). According to records, at least 43.75 hectares of forest lands were damaged since February 12 in the North division.According to records, the South Division of the Nilgiris forests suffered damages due to fire at seven different places in the division since February 10. Two ranges, Ooty south range and Kundha range were damaged due to fire. On February 24 alone three incidents were reported in the division.Around 6 hectares of forest land was damaged due to wild fire, on Monday, at 'gene pool area' in the Gudalur division of the Nilgiri forests. This dry season the first fire in the Gudalur division was reported on January 14. \"Around 35 incidents of wild fire in various areas in the four ranges in the Gudalur division were reported in the past one month. Only dry grass land and bushes were damaged in the fire,\" said a forest official. Over 50 hectares of forest land was ravaged in the fire in the Gudalur division.On February 22, MTR officials arrested two tribal men in connection with a wild fire on February 13. The fire destroyed at least 15 acres of dense forest land in the MTR. One of the spy cameras installed inside the MTR jungles helped the forest officials to nab the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076320", "title": "Cops want access to Jigna's emails to prove Rajan link", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch, probing the murder of senior journalist J Dey, will soon approach the Esplanade metropolitan magistrate for a Letter Rogatory (LR) to the US authorities so that they can access accused Jigna Vora's email accounts. Jigna is the 11th person to be arrested in the case.The police, in their supplementary chargesheet, have alleged that Jigna instigated gangster Chhota Rajan to order the hit on Dey. She is accused of sending Dey's motorcycle number, his office and residential addresses and articles written by him to Rajan through emails.According to sources, crime branch officials want to go through the contents of Jigna's inbox, outbox and trash folder.LR is a request made by a magistrate of one country to that of another for legal assistance in the investigation of a criminal case. The Mumbai police had sought Letters Rogatory to US authorities for access to Pakistan-born US national David Headley in connection with the 26/11 terror attacks.In December, Google refused to provide information on Jigna's two email accounts, citing US laws.Google had sent a letter, now part of the supplemenry chargesheet, saying the Mumbai police can obtain necessary information under the Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters , signed under the treaty of 2001.In its letter, Google further said the crime branch could consult the Office of International Affairs, US Department of Justice or conduct a joint investigation with the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) through the FBI's attache for India.The cyber cell was told that if they want to use the diplomatic procedure to secure the content information of the accounts and they want Google to preserve the content, then they can do that for 90 daysThe cyber cell of crime branch had asked Google to provide the inbox, outbox and trash details of Vora's two email accounts so that they nail her technically. The Google informed that they cannot part the information Vora's email account under the US law's Electronic Communication Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. 2702 (A) as construed by the US Circuit Court Of Appeals..In the1400 pages supplementary chargesheet the police have gathered circumstantial and corroborating evidences, witnesses to establish that Jigna instigated Rajan and she also passed on Dey's motorcycle number, his office and residential addresses. In the chargesheet police have attached Jigna and Dey's articles where they have shown how Jigna contradicted Dey's article regarding Dawood fleeing Pakistan aftermath Osama Bin laden operation in US.The police have also attached the call details of Jigna's seven mobiles and a cellphone bill of businessman Vikram Ahuja. which he gifted her.Jigna used Ahuja's mobile to talk to Rajan; Ahuja paid the bill for this number for seven months, the police have alleged.Jigna's call records for June (Dey was shot dead on June 11) show the maximum number of calls and Rs 475 as roaming charges. According to the investigators, Jigna spoke to Rajan on 36 occasions before Dey's murder.The police, however, do not have any transcript of the alleged conversations. They only have one transcript of an alleged conversation between Rajan and Manoj Shivdasani, cousin of Vinod Asrani, an accused in the Dey murder case. There are several witnesses who have claimed to have corroborated with what Rajan said that Jigna instigated him.The senior crime reporter was gunned down by bike-borne men on June 11 last year in Powai. Over the next many months, the police arrested 10 persons in the case who allegedly executed or abetted the crime at Rajan's behest. On November 25, the cops arrested Jigna. for allegedly playing a role in the murder.A month later, the police filed a chargesheet against the 10 arrested men and two absconding accused-Rajan and his aide Nayan Singh Bisht. Vora, they then said, was not included because investigations against her were continuing. In the supplementary chargesheet,Jigna has been charged under various sections of the IPC, including murder, criminal conspiracy and destruction of evidence, as well as MCOCA and the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12078305", "title": "CBI arrests interior designer in Shehla case", "text": "BHOPAL: Six months after it began probing the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood in Bhopal, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday said it has solved the case arresting two people, including an interior designer, Zahida Pervez.CBI sources said Pervez was the key conspirator in the murder, adding that she had hired a Kanpur hitman called Imran Ali to kill Masood. Imran was nabbed in Kanpur. Masood was found dead in her car in upscale Koh-e-fiza area of the city in August 2011.The CBI says Pervez, who studied at a Bhopal polytechnic, had a grudge against the slain activist. Pervez's husband owns a petrol pump in Bhopal. While unverifiable reports said Zahida suspected Shehla, who was unmarried, was in a relationship with her husband, CBI officials said the motive behind the killing is yet to be established. The accused will be produced in the special court here on Wednesday.Shehla was shot dead from point blank range in her car in broad day light on August 16 last year.There was widespread speculation about those involved in the murder. While some pointed to her close contacts with a section in the ruling BJP , other conjectures said she had \"antagonised\" an industrial lobby by filing RTI applications seeking information on some high-profile deals. The CBI took up the probe and registered a case on September 3 following a state government request. During the investigation, the agency questioned over 400 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076753", "title": "Firing at businessman\u2019s office: FIR filed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after a bouncer was beaten up by business rivals in New Friends Colony, the police said a case has been registered against two unidentified men who had barged into the office of a property dealer and threatened his employees before firing a gun twice in the air.The property dealer, identified as Virender Pardesi, is presently in China on a business trip but CCTV cameras in his office recorded the incident.DCP (outer) B S Jaiswal said that they have registered a case under IPC section 307 (attempt to murder) and are studying the CCTV footage for further leads. \"The two employees of Pardesi said that two men had barged into the office after pushing a security guard and then began to abuse and threaten the absent property dealer. The men then suddenly pulled out a country-made weapon and fired two rounds in the air before fleeing the spot.\" The police said that preliminary investigations so far have revealed that the accused had a business rivalry with the victim. \"We believe that the main accused is known to the victim. Once we identify him, we can quickly get to the bottom of the case,'' said Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078514", "title": "CST revamp comes under cloud over Unesco nod", "text": "MUMBAI: The master plan to convert the Grade I Heritage Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) into a worldclass station may have to be abandoned if Unesco disapproves of the buffer zone rationalization from the existing 90 hectares to 70 hectares.\"Unesco's decision on our rationalization proposal is expected in June. But we have begun a parallel process to prepare tender documents for the project instead of waiting till the decision is announced ,\" Central Railway (CR) general manager Subodh Jain said at a press meet.Last June, CR had sent a proposal to Unesco through the Railway Board to seek rationalization of the buffer zone. The freed land can be commercially exploited to fund the revamp of CST, which was granted World Heritage Site status in 2004.If ample land is not available for commercial use, it may not be possible to fund the Rs 3,000-crore modernization project. Letting go of the heritage tag for modernization may fan controversy.To turn CST into a worldclass station, the railways had opted for the public private partnership route.On passenger amenities, Jain said: \"At many stations, commuters walk along the tracks to enter/exit railway premises. We have decided to extend total cooperation to agencies that wish to build skywalks along the tracks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077883", "title": "Building violations rampant at Nizampet", "text": "HYDERABAD: If one thinks that Nizampet residents are at the mercy of an organized water mafia, then they are mistaken. For, there is an equally flourishing land mafia calling the shots, thanks to the patronage it enjoys from political leaders in the area. Thanks to rampant building violations, Nizampet has been turned into a 'large village' dotted with thousands of cluttered flats and apartment blocks.Nizampet, hardly 25 km from the state assembly, is the epitome of a concrete jungle with haphazard growth. Ninety per cent of the apartments do not have the minimum setback and are dangerously perched against one another. The building irregularities began when the former panchayat, the term of which ended in August last, was operational with Kolanu Sweta Reddy as sarpanch.The panchayat had no right to grant permissions for raising constructions of more than two floors, but in violation of the rules buildings and apartments towering at 4-5 floors came up all over the area.\"Sarpanch's husband Srinivas Reddy was running the affairs of the panchayat. He ganged up with a minister and allowed all the building irregularities,\" alleged Ranga Reddy district Congress committee president Kuna Prasad Goud.Time was when Nizampet was touted to be one of the fastest growing suburbs, close to the IT corridor of Hyderabad because of affordability of land, pollution-free environment and metro rail project.But that was five years ago. Thanks to shoddy planning, lack of civic amenities (drinking water is a major crisis here) and poor infrastructure, Nizampet is rotting. The undue delay in the metro rail project has thrown Nizampet off the rails from its euphoric days a couple of years back.Market analysts say that uncertainty in the much-talked about Maytas Hills project is one of the main reasons for the slow pace of growth. This project was to push Nizampet ahead as a major real estate hub in the city but it didn't fructify. Fifty families reside in the project area. \"I wish this project gets completed and Nizampet races ahead again,\" one of the residents said.Nizampet, which was a village in Ranga Reddy district, is home to over 70,000 people now with around thousand apartments dotting its landscape. And there are at least a hundred unfinished construction ventures though work on them had begun three years ago. \"Many buyers are going back once they are briefed about the building violations,\" builder Garikapati Ramakrishna told TOI. The building regularization scheme was implemented for 90 per cent of the structures which indicates the massive irregularities, R Krishna Kumar of Srinivas flat owners association said.Presently, one square ft is quoted between Rs 1,800 and Rs 2,150. \"Price of a single flat in a gated community ranges between Rs 60 lakh and Rs 1 crore, while ordinary flats cost between Rs 30-45 lakh,\" a builder said. With land prices in the neighbouring areas like Hi-Tec City, Madhapur and Kukatpally (1 sft costs Rs 4,000 in Hi-Tec City and Madhapur and Rs 3,000 in Kukatpally) going up all the time, Nizampet is fast losing out the race, analysts say.Traffic is a major problem in the area. \"It takes nearly 20 minutes to reach our home in the colony from the Nizampet main road during rush hour. The roads badly need to be repaired,\" Chaganti Pavan Kumar rued. The situation in neighbouring Pragati Nagar, Bachupalli, Bollaram and Adityanagar areas is far better, residents claim.Ajay K Singh, marketing head of a real estate giant, says despite the hype and realty boom, Nizampet would not be able to hit the high road to growth if civic amenities and infrastructure facilities are not improved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12076054", "title": "Kumaraswamy challenges BSY to prove allegations against chief minister", "text": "UDUPI: Chief Minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Tuesday received a much needed shot in the arm- not from his party, but from a party with whom he was accused of having a close relation. Janata Dal (Secular) state president H D Kumaraswamy has challenged former CM B S Yeddyurappa to prove his allegations that Gowda was acting at the behest of H D Deve Gowda.\"Let Yeddyurappa show any one instance where Sadananda Gowda has taken suggestion or done work at the behest of my father H D Deve Gowda or me. This is a ploy to use our names to support his cause - which is returning to power,'' he told The Times of India.\"This was same trick used by Yeddyurappa in 2008 to come to power. This time, this will not work. After I became an MP, neither have I visited the third floor of Vidhana Soudha nor met Sadananda Gowda,\" he added. When asked about the purpose behind Yeddyurappa dragging in their names he said, \"As far as I know, it is to send a message to Delhi that he (Sadananda Gowda) is letting down his partymen and supporting JD(S).''\"We don't want to do anything with Yeddyurappa or the BJP. We have had a bitter experience last time. We don't want their company,'' he said.When asked to rate Gowda he said, \"Till now he (Gowda) has not shown the confidence of a CM. What can people expect from him when he does not act like a CM? We don't have high hopes on him looking the way he has responded to challenges till now,'' he said. Kumaraswamy was confident that the party will put up a good show in Udupi-Chikmagalur like it had done in many bypolls in the state.\"The Congress does not take by polls seriously. Only JD(S) is serious about this bypoll. On the other hand, BJP conduct has disillusioned their original supporters and they will vote for JD(S). Earlier, we had a weak presence here, but presently it is growing,'' asserted Kumaraswamy.On Tuesday, S L Boje Gowda filed his nomination for the Udupi-Chikmagalur bypoll at the deputy commissioner's office in Manipal, as a JD(S) candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077675", "title": "Technology encouraging farmers to grow citrus", "text": "NAGPUR: There was a time when many farmers were turning away from growing citrus, especially orange in their farms. The trouble was that these plants needed much tender care and were prone to falling prey to the bacterial and viral diseases. With the support provided by the advancements in technological innovations, though, agricultural scientists have been able to encourage farmers to grow more of these crops.To celebrate its silver jubilee year, National Research Centre for Citrus (NRCC) has organized a three-day national dialogue on citrus improvement, production and utilization. Scientists, traders and farmers gathered to discuss ways of making agriculture an economically beneficial business. Among the many topics was the ways in which science has been able to help improve the crops.While speaking during the inaugural function of the conference, former chairman of agriculture scientists recruitment board CD Mayee insisted that this is the era of biotechnology and scientists should work towards minimizing the flaws of the locally available seeds. Director of NRCC VJ Shivankar spoke about the ways his institute had helped in this regard.\"We had earlier developed a seedless variety of Nagpur orange. A clone of it is under development. It would be an early maturing variety. This would ensure that farmers who cultivate them can have their crop at least a month in advance, making it possible to fetch better prices,\" he said.He added that after 18 years of research, the centre also developed a root stock of the fruit that is resistant to phytophthora disease. With better disease diagnostics also available, the chances of diseases taking away entire crops and thus profits of the farmers is unlikely these days, he said.A scientist from the centre, Ashish Kumar Das believes that the awareness levels among farmers have also gone up tremendously. \"It is possible to treat the soil used for growing the crop by sterilizing it. This way pathogens cannot grow in this soil. Biological testing like ELISA and PCR that are done with the help of sophisticated instruments can also make the farmers choose the right mother plant that is free of any graft transmissible pathogens,\" he said.Another scientist Lallan Ram spoke about the advances in the processing techniques that have helped farmers reap more profits than before. He informed of the availability of equipment that require less space and are easy to operate have contributed a lot to enhance the value of fruits by enabling the farmers to change them into products that fetch more money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12076274", "title": "DGP reprimands officers for 'unprofessional' approach", "text": "PANAJI: Director general of police (DGP) Kishan Kumar made it clear to his officers that he is upset with the \"unprofessional'' manner in which the intelligence wing of the police department went about gathering sensitive information from the Velim church priest on Saturday night, which led to violence in the village.In the weekly meeting on Tuesday, the DGP told his officers that though he doesn't justify the attack on his men by Velim locals, he is disturbed and upset with the special branch officers' \"unprofessional\" approach. \"DGP said that the police should have a strong base with the general public so that they have an effective flow of intelligence. He further said that if it was essential for the police to seek information from the priest, then they should have approached him after seeking a prior appointment,\" said an official present at the meeting.Sources said that the DGP said that knowing the volatile situation in Velim, it would have been better if a senior officer of the rank of SP or DySP had dealt with the matter and advised them, rather than having left it entirely to the PSIs and constables to gather information.On Saturday, as part of the routine information-gathering activity, special branch officers PSI Kapil Nayak along with head constables Krishnanand Rane and Kuldeep Dessai visited the Velim priest at about 9.30pm and sought to know from him if there is a possibility of \"a section of Velim villagers boycotting the assembly election polls\". This led to tension and five policemen were injured, two of them seriously, after being attacked by locals.With increasing perception among the public that the police were slow in their response and timely intervention would have ensured the safe exit of the special branch officers, Kumar reprimanded the South Goa police officials for failing to carry out immediate rescue operations. \"He was unhappy that the officers who reached the spot couldn't ensure the safety of their colleagues and reacted only when the CRPF arrived. He said that rather than settling personal scores, the police officers should help each other in such times of need,\" added sources. When TOI contacted Kumar, he said, \"These are internal matters of the department and are not to be discussed in the press.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12077822", "title": "Police cast the net wide", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The seizure of six pipe bombs from Kallachi under the Nadapuram police station limits on Sunday has raised the hackles of cops. They have launched a thorough probe into recovery of such bombs from different parts of north Kerala in the past few years.The Sunday haul was found concealed in a plastic bucket at an uninhabited place near the bus stand. The bomb disposal team defused the explosives by blasting them at a quarry in Chelakkad. \"We are trying to find out whether there are any links among the makers of the bomb found at various parts of north Kerala. It seems that there a few hands who are experts in making the pipe bombs,\" T K Rajmohan, district police chief (Kozhikode rural) said. On November 19, 2010, 18 pipe bombs were recovered from Chiyyur in Nadapuram. The bombs are more powerful unlike the ordinary varieties of country bombs which are recovered regularly from various places in Malabar. Pipe bombs are often used to target buildings, police said.A major haul of pipe bombs happened in 1995 when the police unearthed around 100 explosives from Kadalundi river in Malappuram. E T Sainudeen, the Indian Mujahideen bomb-maker, was one of the accused in the case. As many as 20 pipe bombs were recovered from Narath in Kannur in 2005. A diagram detailing the method to make pipe bomb along with a PVC pipe, a microchip, and some wires used for bomb making were recovered from the boundary wall of a house at Kuttiady in 2008. After initial probe, police closed the case saying no explosive was found among the material.But after the Indian Mujahideen module was busted in Kerala, police re-opened the case. The presence of a microchip among the material created an intrigue as such integrated circuits were the hallmark of the bombs made by Indian Mujahideen. Microchips were used in the bombs that exploded in Bangalore and Ahmedabad in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078488", "title": "State MBA, engineering &amp; professional institutes ask for more seats", "text": "MUMBAI: Hundreds of professional colleges, mostly engineering and management institutes in the urban pockets of the state have applied to increase the student capacity on their campus, even though nearly 85,000 seats were vacant when admission for 2011 closed. This year, 150 engineering and 50 MBA colleges have written to the state's Directorate of Technical Education, requesting either an increase in their student intake capacity or altering the composition of what they already offer. If all the proposals are accepted, the capacity in all technical professional institutes across Maharashtra will increase by 29,250.DTE officers said that applications for about 15,000 undergraduate engineering seats and 6,000 post graduate seats are being currently processed. \"While some colleges want additional division , others have applied to close down some unpopular existing sections and start new ones,\" said an officer.Students are once again queuing up to join the core engineering programmes: mechanical engineering, electrical and telecommunication , civil and electronics are back among the popular takes. \"Several colleges are closing down the Information Technology programme and opting for the core engineering subjects,\" said another DTE officer.In the case of management courses, too, colleges located largely in Mumbai and Pune have applied to expand their student capacity (see box). When admissions closed in 2011, a total of 85,000 seats across various programmes went unfilled . In the previous year, the number of vacant seats was 53,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12081171", "title": "Pt Vishwa Mohan Bhatt at a musical event", "text": "The stage was set as veterans from the field of music gathered to present a performance like never before.A popular institute based in Gandhinagar had greats of Indian music like Pt Vishwa Mohan Bhatt, Manjiri Asanare Kelkar, Kamal Sabri, Pt Pushparaj Koshti and Pt Kaivalya Kumar render soulful music for the music lovers who listened in rapt attention.A beautiful and enchanting harmony of instruments like the mohan veena, sarangi, surbahaar and vocal music enthralled the viewers as they enjoyed the concert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12078684", "title": "Rally in Meghalaya, banking services hit", "text": "SHILLONG: Employees and workers of various central government sectors, banks, insurance companies in Meghalaya, too, joined their comrades in the rest of the country to observe a general Strike against the \"anti-people policies\" of the UPA government on Tuesday.Banking services were hit in state capital Shillong in the wake of the strike called by various major trade unions.A workers' rally was organized at Parking Lot, opposite CTO Building in the city, and the striking employees and workers of greater Shillong gathered in large numbers in support of their cause. Altogether 42 organizations in Meghalaya joined the strike.Prominent trade union leader JL Das said, \"The unions are demanding amendment of Minimum Wages Act, assured pension for all and compulsory registration of trade unions among others. Our main demands are concrete measures to contain price rise, employment protection, strict enforcement of labour laws, universal social security cover for the unorganized sector and halt to disinvestment in central and state profit-making PSUs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12076555", "title": "Chandy arrives in Goa", "text": "Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy arrived in Goa on Tuesday to convince Keralites staying in Goa to vote for the Congress party in the March 3 assembly elections. There are around 30,000 Keralite voters in the state. Chandy will address meetings in Panaji, Margao, Cortalim and Vasco.Chodankar joins CongressFour days before the elections, former minister Chandrakant Chodankar accompanied by over 200 workers walked back into the Congress camp on Tuesday. The group has expressed support to Siolim congress candidate Uday Palyekar. Francis Fernandes, a long-time sarpanch Siolim-Sodiem has joined the BJP camp. He was with the Congress for 22 years.Swaraj speaksThe BJP in Goa, along with the MGP, will form the next government with a clear majority as the people of Goa are yearning for freedom from corruption, BJP opposition leader in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj said on Tuesday. Swaraj said that the BJP is confident of \"snatching Goa from the Congress\".Mining matters\"There is a need for candidates who can stand up to the mining lobby,\" said Vivek Monteiro, Communist Party of India (Marxist) leader from Mumbai. He was joined by CPI(M) Mayem candidate Kamlakant Gadekar and Sanvordem candidate Prashant Gaonkar at a public meeting.Crossing party linesThe state BJP continues to draw rebels with Goa Pradesh Youth Congress general secretary Jitesh Kamat joining the saffron outfit on Tuesday. Along with Kamat, another two youths Ramesh Matkar and Nanda Bhaidkar joined the BJP.Taking offenceHitting out at the congress party for allegedly using the minorities only for electoral gains, Abdulmatin Daud Carol appealed to the public to vote only for candidates with good character. Carol further alleged on Tuesday that chief minister Digambar Kamat had insulted the Muslim community during one of Kamat's corner meetings.Support systemThe International Confederation of NGOs (iCONGO) has decided to extend their support to independent candidate Hubert Gomes who is contesting from Benaulim and further appealed to the public to vote for educated people so as to ensure that there is social justice and good governance for all Goans.Moral issuesNational president of the BJP Nitin Gadkari said that the Congress has no moral right to ask for votes. Explaining the difference between the BJP and Congress, Gadkari said even a common man can come to his house with his problems, but not even a chief minister of any state can meet the Congress president Sonia Gandhi without a prior appointment.Babbar roots for CongressBollywood actor-turned-politician Raj Babbar revealed a different script about the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) at Borim in Ponda on Sunday. Campaigning for Congress candidate Subhash Shirodkar near bridge circle at Borim, Babbar alleged the BJP was a \"tod-fod\" (destructive) party.Pointing fingersComing down heavily on the Congress for failing to make the Shah commission report on illegal mining public, Benaulim MLA and Goa Vikas Party supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco accused chief minister Digambar Kamat, forest minister Philip Neri Rodrigues, and power minister Aleixo Sequiera of being directly involved in illegal mining.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12078310", "title": "CII honours Madurai's own", "text": "MADURAI: The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Madurai chapter, which successfully conducted the second edition of 'Madurai Vizha', presented 25 renowned personalities from the city with the 'Recognition of Excellence' awards for their contribution in the fields of arts and culture. The awards were presented during the valedictory function held last Sunday.The awardees are: Bala Nandakumar (Bharatanatyam), Ambai L Manivannan (temple arts), A Muthu Lakshmana Rao (puppetry), K Raja Battar alias Chandrasekara Battar (agamas and vedas), S Masanam Asari (woodcraft), N Mammadhu (Tamil Isai), S Malliga (Carnatic Music - Veena), C Santhalingam (epigraphy &amp; archaeology), M G Raffic Ahamed (modern painting), S Venkatesan and Arunagiri (Tamil literature), S Shaik Mastan and M P N Ponnusamy, (Carnatic Music - Nadaswaram), Manohar Devadoss (art), R Venkatraman (Historian), K C Murugesan (art - abstract painting), Madurai K Thiagarajan (Carnatic music - Mridangam), Muruga Boopathi and M Ramasamy (Tamil theatre), M Ramalingam (golu dolls), N Sulaiman (promoting folk arts), C Ramasubramanian (community-based rehabilitation), Vedachalam (epigraphy and archaeology), P V Raghava Varier (ayurveda ) and P Namperumalsamy (Aravind Eye Care - Sight for All project).G Vasudevan, convener of CII Culture, Arts and Tourism said that all the recipients have contributed to the promotion of heritage and culture of Madurai in their own fields. \"All of them are based in Madurai and many of them are known to the common public. It was important that people should know them as they are sensitised about culture and heritage of Madurai during Madurai Vizha,\" he said.\"Few of the recipients are perhaps last of their breed in particular crafts. For instance, there are no artists in puppetry because it is not remunerative and their next generation is not willing to take up the profession at all. Recognising them will motivate the people involved in preserving the heritage,\" Vasudevan said.For many, receiving the award was a greater recognition. \"I have received such kind of award for the first time in my life,\" said M Ramalingam who received the award for promoting golu doll industry.\"At present there are 200 families in Madurai involved in doll making and we have adopted lot of modern techniques over the period of time. However, it was a great moment when I was recognised especially in my native city after spending 30 years of my life in doll making,\" he said.It was also a moment of motivation for Masanam Asari, wood carving expert, one of the few artisans of that kind present in Madurai. \"We have taken lot of major projects for hotels in the city, which wanted natural sceneries carved out of wood. Though there are opportunities, there are no artisans at present and recognising us will motivate others,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12077816", "title": "Hartal turns into holiday in Malabar", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The nation-wide strike called by the trade unions was total in the city. The roads wore a deserted look with private as well as KSRTC buses keeping away from the road.The train passengers, mainly foreign tourists, were affected as autorickshaws and taxis kept off the road. Even as the government had promulgated dies-non for the state government employees, government offices registered low attendance.All the hotels and other commercial establishments in the city remain closed on the day. On Tuesday early morning, supporters of the strike pelted stones at a halted KSRTC bus at Aanakkampoyil in the district.In Kannur it was second hartal in the past eight days. KSRTC did not operate its services and rail traffic remained affected. People were prepared to take a holiday since the hartal was announced by the trade unions a few months back. No untoward incidents were reported.Except a few medical stores, all the shops had downed their shutters.CPM district secretary P Jayarajan inaugurated a meeting organized by various trade unions at the old bus stand here.The Kerala Union of Working Journalists (KUWJ) and Kerala Newspaper Employees' Federation (KNEF) took out a procession expressing solidarity with the striking trade unions.Meanwhile, in Malappuram the trade union strike remained peaceful. Government offices and public transport were affected in various parts of the district. Majority of educational institutions remained closed as many of the staff were absent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078473", "title": "Civic poll voter turnout in Mumbai higher than 50%", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's voter turnout for the civic elections is not as bad as was initially made out to be. It is now learnt that the names of nearly 12 lakh voters-11 .71 lakh to be precise-appeared more than once on the electoral rolls. And the voting percentage, which was announced as 46%, has crossed the 50% mark.The initial electoral rolls showed that the number of registered voters in Mumbai was nearly 1.03 crore, but the actual number is 91.09 lakh. On voting day, nearly 46 lakh Mumbaikars cast their ballot. The percentage of repeat names on the original voter list for Mumbai was more than 11%.State election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan confirmed that nearly 12 lakh names had been repeated in the original voter list. Election commission officials said that apart from the repeat names, there existed a number of instances where names of voters who have either died or shifted base to another city or another ward were not deleted. While there is no data to confirm the precise number of such cases, Satyanarayan said that these could account for another 10% of voter names. Assuming that no bogus votes were cast, senior election officials said it could further push the voting percentage to about 60%.Immediately after the elections, BJP leader Ram Naik had demanded that \"the electoral rolls be prepared afresh to maintain the sanctity of the democratic electoral process\" . Satyanarayan who is in favour of the idea, said she will write to Debashish Chakravarty, the chief electoral officer of Maharashtra, asking him to conduct a door-to-door exercise to clean up the voter list.A similar exercise is also needed in other cities across Maharashtra. According to senior election commission officials, a high percentage of repeat names existed on the electoral rolls in Pune, Nashik, Pimpri Chinchwad, Amravati and Nagpur among other areas. The problem was the most acute in Pune, where at least over 15% of voter names were repeated. In Nashik, such cases accounted for 13% of the voter list. It was 12% In Pimpri Chinchwad, 10% in Amravati, and 8% in Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12076562", "title": "Fake cop held for cheating couples", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a 34-year-old man for posing as a policeman to extort money from couples he found spending time together on deserted roads. The conman, identified as Kanagaraj, was arrested on Sunday.Kanagaraj had on January 29 posed as a cop and threatened to take two engaged software engineers to the police station unless they gave him money.\"They were in their car with the windows closed on Lodhi Khan Street near Pondy Bazaar when the conman, with a flashlight in hand, banged on the door,\" an officer said. He forced one of the victims to withdraw 60,000 from an ATM and took it away.Kanagaraj on Sunday tried to extort money from a 22-year-old businessman, Selvin, when he was sitting with his girlfriend in his car, in a Sastri Nagar bylane. \"The man claimed to be a police officer and demanded that they give him money if they did not want charges booked against them,\" the officer said.\"Selvin struck a compromise with the fake policeman and drove to an ATM,\" the officer said. \"Before they reached the ATM, Selvin saw the Sastri Nagar police station and immediately drove into the police station.\" Kanagaraj tried to escape but was caught by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12078158", "title": "CM to seek House members' opinion for agriculture map", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Tuesday assured the state legislative assembly that strength and weaknesses in implementing agriculture schemes in Bihar would be assessed for proper implementation of the second agriculture road map for development with efficient use of its rich soil and magnificent climate.He said that soil health card for the respective agriculture farms would be given to the farmers in an effort to maintain good soil health to get higher yield from farms, he said.Nitish said that the target is to provide food and nutritional security to the people and handsome return to the farmers on their investment of money, brain and labour in the farms and allied economic activities through rainbow revolution.After conclusion of the special discussion, the CM assured the House that the valuable suggestions of the assembly members would be incorporated to sharpen the second map. Giving innumerable suggestions, with pointers about weaknesses as well, leader of the Opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui said that he was opposed to any politics related to the cause of the farmers, and so he gave his own suggestions.On this, Nitish said that all parties should join hands to support the map as development was imperative as it aimed at bringing in rainbow revolution with all its dimensions to provide far greater benefit to the farmers than the first green revolution in north India, when imported seeds and chemical fertilizers were used to raise farm production. The CM said that in Bihar the government would promote organic farming and vermi culture to raise farm production mixing little of chemical fertilizers, as per need.Nitish said that the Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR) had declared Bihar model of maintaining pace in seed replacement rate, providing better seeds to the farmers, under Mukhya Manti Tivra Beej Yojana, as the best and that this should be applied across the country.The CM contended that the Central government has adopted bad policy as it was promoting sugarcane production in western India where each crop needs 29 times irrigation while neglecting Bihar where only three irrigation is needed. Nitish said that the state lacked proper agriculture extension network and advanced agriculture technology which had to be overcome while implementing the second map which was planned by his agriculture cabinet, comprising 18 departments. The agriculture cabinet would take effective decisions by monitoring the implementation of the map through respective departments, he said, adding that in this way in the next five years it can modify the strategy.The CM said that stress would be on processing of agriculture produce with primary processing by farmers and high-end processing through food processing industries. Nitish said that stress would be laid on efficient and optimal use of water through lift irrigation and sprinklers and there will be dedicated feeder for power supply for irrigation of agriculture farms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12076526", "title": "HC raps CA for trying to save illegal building", "text": "CHENNAI: A chartered accountant who knocked at the doors of the Madras high court to reopen his sealed unauthorized building found himself at the receiving end with the court ordering initiation of criminal proceedings against him.M R Badrinarayana, a resident of Shanthi Colony in Anna Nagar, first constructed an unauthorized building on the open space reservation (OSR) land at the apartment complex where he was staying on rent, and then approached the high court when the corporation authorities sealed the building.Claiming that he had obtained permission from the landlord and spent 25 lakh on the building meant for his office, Badrinarayana claimed that the corporation authorities had sealed the premises at the 'instigation' of his landlord who wanted to evict him at any cost.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice N Kirubakaran pointed out that the petitioner himself admitted that it was an unauthorized building. \"The petitioner has admitted the illegality committed by him. When the corporation authorities initiated legal proceedings by sealing the property, he filed this petition as if some injustice has been meted out to him, ignoring the fact that he has no authority whatsoever to raise any construction in the OSR area,\" the judges saidJustice Elipe Dharma Rao said: \"Having committed an illegality, now he is trying to throw the blame not only on the landlord but also on corporation authorities. This type of litigation, at the cost of the valuable time of this court, should not be encouraged.\"The bench also directed the commissioner of Chennai Corporation to initiate suitable criminal proceedings against Badrinarayana for having lowered the dignity of their office. They shall also proceed with the sealing and demolition proceedings already initiated against the unauthorized building, the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12078470", "title": "Device to control speed installed", "text": "BHOPAL: In an attempt to control rash driving by low-floor buses drivers, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has installed speed governor in red buses on Tuesday.\"We have installed speed governors in these buses for the safety and security of passengers and other vehicles plying on roads,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said.The corporation has also instructed the bus drivers not to exceed the speed of 40 km per hour to avoid accidents.Currently, there are 110 red low-floor buses and four ladies special buses connecting various parts of the city.The buses, introduced under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM) scheme, are being run by Prasanna Purple bus services under the Public Private Partnership (PPP) model with the Bhopal Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077797", "title": "Cop pockets 5.86 L employee salary", "text": "HYDERABAD: A constable posted as a writer at home guard commandant office in Purani Haveli has gone missing after allegedly siphoning off Rs 5.86 lakh cash meant for employee salaries. Reserve sub-inspector of police Bal Reddy, posted at the commandant office, lodged a complaint with the Mirchowk police alleging that the constable, A Vinay Kumar , 22, had drawn Rs 5.86 lakh cash fraudulently.Police booked a case under Sections 406 (punishment for criminal breach if trust), 420 (cheating) of the IPC against Vinay and have launched a manhunt to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12078489", "title": "Laser show auditorium to see the light of day from April", "text": "BHOPAL: The first laser show auditorium will open from April, urban development minister Babulal Gaur announced this after inspecting construction work of the auditorium near Neelam Park in the city on Tuesday.\"The park is 70% ready,\" Gaur said. \"The residents will be able to enjoy the laser show and musical fountain by April this year,\" he added.The corporation has also decided the cost of the ticket as Rs 20 for children between 5 and 12 years of age. The entry fee for others will be Rs 40 per person. The entry for children up to 5 years of age will be free.Inspired by the Lumbini Park of Hyderabad, the amusement park will have musical fountain and an auditorium for 500 people. The BMC has sanctioned Rs 1.82 crore for the construction of the park.There will be two shows for entertainment of people. Each show of 25 minutes duration will be divided in three parts.First 15 minutes will be dedicated to musical fountain which will be followed by 5-minute video projection and 5-minute laser show. The laser show will depict the history of Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12075130", "title": "Air Marshal Tahir Rafiq Butt new chief of Pakistan Air Force", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Pakistan government on Tuesday named Air Marshal Tahir Rafiq Butt as the next chief of the Pakistan Air Force.Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani advised the President, the supreme commander of Pakistan's armed forces, to appoint Butt the new chief of the PAF as he is the senior-most serving officer, said a statement from the Prime Minister's Office.Butt will replace Air Chief Marshal Rao Qamar Suleman, who is set to retire on March 17.Suleman recently said he did not want an extension in service and would call it a day when he reaches the age of retirement.Suleman had noted that Butt was the senior-most officer in the line of succession as he was currently vice chief of air staff.Suleman superseded three senior air marshals to become the PAF chief on March 18, 2009.Butt was commissioned as a pilot in March 1977. During his career, he has commanded a fighter squadron, a fighter wing, an operational base and a regional air command.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12076095", "title": "Slow pace of housing schemes angers MP", "text": "MANGALORE: Poor performance of officials in Dakshina Kannada district with regard to implementation of various housing schemes including Indira Awaas Yojana (IAY) led to a heated discussion at the District Vigilance and Monitoring Committee meeting held in Mangalore on Monday.Mangalore MP Nalin Kumar Kateel who chaired the meeting took the officials to task for not executing the scheme properly and directed them to complete the target before March 31, 2012. It was brought to the notice of the MP at the meeting that while the government had approved 1,859 houses for poor beneficiaries in the district under IAY in 2011-12, officials could not complete the construction of even100 houses so far.Meanwhile, the district also recorded slow pace in the implementation of Basava Vasathi Yojana. While a total of 11,012 houses were approved under the scheme for 2011-12, only 300 houses are built so far.\"It is unfortunate that no progress has been shown in the implementation of housing schemes for poor in the district,\" he said and warned the officials to speed up the process to achieve the goal within June.Taluk panchayat presidents complained at the meeting that old age pension was not distributed properly in the district for the last five to six months. However, only tahsildar of election section from the deputy commissioner's office was present at the meeting and the officer did not have sufficient statistics to answer panchayat presidents' complaint. Mangalore South MLA and deputy speaker in the assembly N Yogish Bhat asked the tahsildar not to attend meetings without required information. \"Ask the deputy commissioner to attend the meet or send representatives with all necessary documents,\" he added.Delay in NH projectThe MP took officials of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to task for the delay in the completing four-laning of highway between Surathkal and BC Road under the port connectivity project. Nalin also warned the NHAI officials to provide service roads near Kodical Cross Road, BC Road and other places on the stretch immediately. In reply, the NHAI official present at the meet said that service roads could not be developed due to non-availability of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077772", "title": "School children play Farmville in real world", "text": "NAGPUR: This group of children grows vegetables and tends to animals - but they're not playing 'Farmville' on Facebook. Students of Gateway International School in Padur have started farming a patch of land on campus and plan to sell the harvest to their parents. The school, which follows an American syllabus, has students from different countries, including Malaysia and Philippines, and those who have relocated from the US.D Pritesh, a middle school student, said rearing a pet and farming was a stress buster. \"I have understood how farmers work. As we grow the vegetables ourselves, we don't feel like wasting them. It is a very interesting hobby,\" he says. The school has a 10-acre campus and child gets a small patch of land. \"To make the children self reliant and promote a spirit of brotherhood among children of various nationalities, we asked them to grow vegetables. They were thrilled with the idea,\" said Grace Alwyn, principal of the school.The students have cultivated ladyfinger and spinach. \"They give part of the harvest to us and we cook it for them. We are planning to ask the parents to buy the greens cultivated by the children. This will also teach them the importance of money,\" she said. The students are also encouraged to rear pets. \"They have adopted parrots, pigeons, doves and rabbits. They feed the animals in the morning and check on them through the day. This creates a sense of care and sharing as well as responsibility. This same attitude will be shown towards humans when they grow up,\" said Alwyn.Arundhati Swamy, a family and student counsellor, said activities such as gardening and rearing pets have a positive effect on children emotionally and cognitively. \"Through farming they are exploring nature and learning to respect the environment. By rearing pets, they develop a caring attitude. These are fun ways to inculcate values in children,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076171", "title": "In jail, Amir drew inspiration from Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just as the non-cooperation movement was gathering momentum across the country in 1922, Gandhi called it off in response to a serious but isolated instance of violence in Chauri Chaura where 22 policemen had been burnt alive by a rampaging mob. This historic demonstration of Gandhi's commitment to non-violence was cited by Mohammad Amir Khan in an essay on the relevance of Gandhi's teachings to modern life.In this age of global terror, there is nothing unusual about somebody recalling the example set by Gandhi in the wake of Chauri Chaura. Except that Amir wrote that essay in April 2011 for an inter-jail competition, after having spent 13 years in incarceration as the alleged mastermind of the serial blasts in and around Delhi in 1996-97.\"Despite the huge success of his peaceful movement, Gandhi called it off due to that stray incident of violence. In the modern society, we should draw inspiration from Gandhi's insistence on peace, non-violence and truth,\" Amir wrote in the essay which fetched him a t-shirt and a jail coupon for Rs 200.Having been released from jail last month, following his acquittal in 17 of the 19 cases booked against him, Amir recalls his triumph in the essay competition as he picks up the pieces of his life. Though the 32-year-old had spent almost his entire youth as an under-trial prisoner, and though his parents had meanwhile been all but destroyed, Amir shows few signs of bitterness.\"Gulab mein hamesha kantein hotein hai (A rose always has thorns),\" he philosophizes. \"There are both good and bad people in the system and I have been fortunate enough to find the support of people who had not been taken in by propaganda.\" This is a grateful reference to, among others, the human rights lawyers who fought for him gratis against all odds and the witnesses who showed the courage to stick to the truth as they saw it.Even as he is mindful of the Muslim community feeling \"persecuted\" on account of cases like his, Amir believes he has a responsibility to put things in perspective. \"No matter what, I cannot afford to feed into sentiments of separatism,\" he says.Amir's optimism cannot however wish away the damages that even time cannot heal. His father died of ill-health in the course of his long struggle to secure Amir's release. While carrying on with the legal battle, his mother suffered a brain haemorrhage and has been paralysed and mute ever since. His house fell into such disrepair that he could not recognise it when he returned to it after 14 years. His family is in deep debt and he has no idea how he would ever be able to repay those dues. \"I am starting life from minus zero,\" he says, with a wry sense of humour.Such detachment helped him cope with the charges piled on him after he had been arrested in February 1998. \"In the 14 years that I was in various jails, I have learnt by heart the bewildering details of each case that had been foisted on me,\" he said. As a teenager, he was charged with planting two bombs in Sadar Bazaar in Delhi and three bombs inside separate coaches of the Frontier Mail in Ghaziabad on the same date, within hours of each other on October 1, 1997. \"The police perhaps thought I was a superman,\" he shakes his head in resignation.The 'terrorist' tag did not just ostracise his family but it haunted him inside the high walls of prison as well. A spurt in terror crimes in the country led to his being beaten up by fellow prisoners, he says, claiming that there was such hostility to him that the police refused to lodge an FIR on his complaint. That forced him to send a complaint to the courts, where, according to Amir, the case is still pending.Things got worse for him after that incident in 2000 as he was locked up in a solitary cell for five months. \"The cell would be opened twice a day when the food would be pushed inside, but my world became that 6x4 room. I would bathe and eat there, excrete, sleep - all in one place. The only time I would ever leave the cell was for court dates, and the sun would hurt my eyes; the outside world felt even more surreal than the tiny cell already was,\" Amir recalls. His worst experience in the solitary cell was when he felt the reverberations of the Bhuj earthquake on January 26, 2001. Nobody responded to his screams to let him out of the cell.As if being accused of terrorist activities had not caused enough prejudice against him, Amir had to contend with a newspaper report in December 2007 alleging that he was a Pakistani. \"Not only did the lawyer who was supposed to be defending me in the Frontier Mail case disappear, no other lawyer was ready to take up my case either. My own jail-mates started treating me with suspicion and hostility as they thought I hailed from Pakistan ,\" Amir recalls. \"Fresh wounds would take the place of still-healing ones.\"The pattern of fresh wounds taking the place of old ones continues to dog Amir even after his release. But if he also wins the trials outside the court, this could well prove to be his Chauri Chaura moment. Instead of playing the victim or falling prey to extremist sentiments, Amir appears to have taken the tough option of rebuilding his life within the framework of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12077464", "title": "18 Shia pilgrims shot dead in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: In a sign of growing fratricidal conflict in Pakistan, at least 18 Shias pilgrims were forced to disembark from a bus and gunned down by extremists as they travelled from Rawalpindi to Gilgit in northern Pakistan on Tuesday. Jundullah, an outlawed Sunni militant group, claimed responsibility for the attack.\"All 39 passengers on board were Shias, and at the moment it looks like they were targeted by gunmen from local sunni community,\" said police chief in Kohistan district, Mohammad Ilyas. Pakistan has the second largest Shia population after Iran: approximately 50 million.Extremist Sunni militant groups often target religious minorities, especially Shias, in Pakistan. The bus was carrying 39 Shia passengers from Rawalpindi to the northern town of Gilgit and came under attack on the Karakoram Highway in Kohistan district of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province. Kohistan has significant strategic importance for Pakistan's military as all supplies to Siachen pass through it via the Karakoram highway. The district also borders the Swat valley, which had significant Taliban presence.Most victims were pilgrims returning to their native areas after visiting their holy shrines in Iran. \"The assailants, dressed in army fatigues, made the passengers disembark from the bus and shot them one by one after checking their national identity cards and identifying them as Shias,\" said a police officer. Seven armed men hiding on both sides of the road attacked the bus, he added.President Asif Ali Zardari and prime minister Yousaf Raza Gilani condemned the killings and vowed to bring the perpetrators to justice.Attacks on Shias in recent years shows that sectarian violence remains as deadly as killings instigated by al-Qaida and the Taliban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12079878", "title": "Lakshmi Gopalaswamy: Breaking out of the mould", "text": "It takes a second look at her latest pictures to acknowledge that the ultramodern woman in question is indeed Lakshmi Gopalaswamy - the coy, demure, girl-next-door who we've been so accustomed to seeing in saris and salwars.The actress candidly confesses, \"I feel I've been so immature all this while, sitting pretty on my conservative goody-goody image...for how many years now! It's time to break the mould! Lakshmi is all set to court glamour for the first time on screen with director Harinarayanan's Malayalam film Naughty Professor. But she's quick to add, \"I'm just exploring; not exposing! Many have told me that I have a pan-Indian face, but I've never really explored it. It's been long since I've been wanting to do an image makeover. So when the role in Naughty Professor came calling, I knew the opportunity to test new waters in my career is here. My role also has a humourous tinge to it.\"Lakshmi plays an actressturned-housewife who hangs up her career to settle down with her professor husband, who feels overshadowed by his wife's name and fame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080725", "title": "It was difficult for me to adjust in Mumbai: Maryam Zakaria", "text": "Agent Vinod girl Maryam Zakaria gets talking about her tryst with the Indian film fraternityHow has your journey been from running a Bollywood dance school in Sweden to dancing with Kareena in Agent Vinod ?It has been incredible. I worked as a model when I came here in 2009. Since childhood, it has been my biggest dream to be a Bollywood actress. Before I came to India, I did many Persian music videos. Life is different in Sweden. It was difficult for me to adjust here. Not having any friends made it all the more difficult. But, I had patience and doors have opened for me now.How was it working with Kareena? Do you have a bigger role than just the dance number Dil Mera Muft Ka?Yes, my character's name is Farah and she is an international dancer from Afghanistan. I have stunt scenes with Saif. I can't talk too much about the film. I knew Kareena is very talented. When we met, we had a good time together and connected well.Which is more challenging for you-Hindi or South films?The song Diyalo Diyala from the film 100% Love got me recognition. However, I was not familiar with the south Indian industry. The only person I knew was Prabhudeva. I used to watch his choreography. Once, during the beginning, I had to do a Tamil song but I had injured my ribs. I was in a lot of pain but somehow I managed to pull it off. This will be something I will remember. I think the work style is the same but I like the Hindi film industry more.Are you dating anyone in Bollywood?(Laughs) I am just happy, busy working. I am not thinking about finding a guy here.What do you have to say about Saif being involved in a brawl, recently?I think it is very sad. Saif Ali Khan is a very nice person and he will never just slap someone. I know him. It must have been the Sharmas' mistake. I felt very bad as I have worked with Saif and Kareena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12078039", "title": "Mohali police lead the way in e-challaning", "text": "MOHALI: For decades, law enforcement agencies have been issuing traffic challans using the same paper-intensive and cumbersome manual procedure, but now things have changed - atleast for Mohali police. When it comes to e-challaning, Mohali police have left Chandigarh police behind in implementing the system with 330 vehicles already challaned since the introduction of this system in August 2011. The e-challans were issued for violating red-signals, driving without safety belt and using mobile phones, triple riding.Chandigarh and Mohali traffic police decided to introduce the system in the city around one-and-half year back, but the proposal is still gathering dust in the files of Chandigarh officials and Mohali cops have gone ahead and even implemented it!E-challaning was introduced to benefit tourists, save paper and time while allowing officers to issue challans through handheld devices. DSP (traffic) Mohali, Surinderjit Kaur, said, \"We have been issuing traffic challans through e-challaning for six months.\"Chandigarh police too have started the practice of disposing-of challans on the spot, but failed to implement e-challaning. DIG (headquarters) Alok Kumar, officiating in charge of traffic wing, said, \"Various companies have shown keen interest and tenders will open shortly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077761", "title": "Man kills wife, attempts suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: A centring worker allegedly throttled his wife to death and later attempted suicide by hanging himself at Phase III, NTR Nagar, at LB Nagar on Tuesday. The man slipped into coma after being admitted to hospital.The victim was identified as G Lakshmi, 26, a school attendant. Lakshmi, mother of two children, Arun Kumar, 8, and Mounika, 6, married Raju nine years ago.The incident came to light on Tuesday morning when Arun went to the residence of his uncle Srinivas, who stays in the neighbourhood, informing him that his father was trying to kill himself.Srinivas along with other neighbours rushed to the house and saw Raju hanging from the ceiling fan with a lungi. They also found Lakshmi lying dead on the mat.Raju, who was unconscious, was rushed to Osmania General Hospital. Police said he slipped into coma.According to LB Nagar sub-inspector K Mallikarjun, Raju, an alcoholic, had been physically assaulting his wife. \"Raju suspected that his wife was having an affair. We suspect he throttled her before hanging himself,\" the SI added.Police booked a case under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and shifted the body for a post-mortem to find out the exact cause of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12077726", "title": "KSU to campaign for UDF candidate", "text": "KOCHI: With the campaign for Piravom bypoll getting hotter, the youth organizations of the United Democratic Front (UDF) have come up with various campaign programmes.To add colour to the campaigns of UDF candidate Anoop Jacob, the district committee of Kerala Students Union (KSU) will organize cultural programmes including 'Kalajadha,' a cultural procession in the constituency. Tittu Antony, district president of the KSU, said the district committee had plans to actively involve in the ensuing Piravom election and do campaigns for Anoop and would start the campaigns from March 1.\"During the Kalajadha, we plan to organize various cultural programmes, including street plays and skits demonstrating various developmental projects done by the government. Our aim is to ensure the votes of mainly young voters in the constituency,\" said Tittu. All the youth organizations of the UDF allies will take part in the campaign that will be conducted in the main junctions of all 12 panchayats in the constituency.During the Kalajadha, we plan to organize various cultural programmes, including street plays and skits demonstrating various developmental projects done by the government. Our aim is to ensure the votes of mainly young", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12077748", "title": "UP polls: Will Mayawati's sugar policy sweeten results?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mayawati's sugarcane policy will be put to the test in these last phases of the polls the region where sugarcane is the major cash crop. Though many say Mayawati's cane policy is better than that of previous governments, it may not reap results as corruption and anger against land acquisition are big issues. But Behenji may benefit as the Opposition couldn't make sugarcane an election issue.\"Over 2.6 crore people depend on cane in these parts. They are not hostile to BSP,\" said Sudhir Panwar, president, Kisan Jagriti Manch. Sugarcane's sale price almost doubled in Maya's period from Rs 137 per quintal in 2007 to Rs 240 per quintal in 2012. Farmers increased their income by 32% in five years.Sugar is UP's largest industry. Nearly 15% area under cultivation is cane. The SP regime supported sugar mills that helped expand the industry, but Maya focused on farmers. Cases were slapped against private-mill officials found under-weighing produce or not paying farmers on time.With losses in Mulayam's rule, many gave up farming sugarcane. But though the area under cultivation declined, total output grew.In fact, despite input costs increasing, farmers could still benefit. \"I got over Rs 6 lakh from a five-acre plot,\" said Yashpal Singh. Small and marginal farmers with land less than five acres benefited from Maya's policy. \"She set a standard no government will dare reverse,\" said Mohammad Almi in Lakhimpur Kheri. There is also anger among farmers against the Congress-led UPA government over setting a Centre-fixed price that benefit mill owners. For 2011, this was fixed at Rs 145 per quintal, while the input cost was over Rs 200. But Maya fixed a state price at over Rs 200 thus benefiting farmers. Almi says the BJP too said it would hike purchase price by 25%, and SP and Congress have assured better payments.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077972", "title": "CBI now zeroes in on Jagan's foreign funds", "text": "HYDERABAD: With just about a month left for the deadline to file a chargesheet in the assets case against Jaganmohan Reddy, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday sent Letters Rogatory (LRs) to six countries seeking details of foreign companies and individuals who had allegedly sent money to the YSR Congress chief's companies.An LR is a request letter to a foreign court to record the statements of certain individuals and to forward the same to the competent CBI court here. The CBI is chasing leads to Luxemburg , Mauritius, Dubai ( United Arab Emirates ), Malaysia , British Virgin Islands and France as it believes that firms/individuals from these countries invested in various Jagan firms, including Jagathi Publications and Bharati Cements.CBI SP H Venkatesh brought the LR along with documents running into 1,500 pages to the CBI court on Tuesday and got them signed by special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma. These documents will now be routed through the ministry of external affairs (MEA) to the relevant countries. The CBI is also likely to seek the help of Interpol .The CBI has charged Jagan with owning certain companies in foreign shores and getting the money routed through such companies into his entities in India as part of a quid pro quo arrangement whereby his father and then chief minister, the late Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, doled out government land in the form of Special Economic Zones, projects and various mining leases to certain individuals and firms who in turn invested in the son's companies. The CBI claims that those who figured in such an arrangement include firms such as Asia Infrastructure Shikar, Pluri Emerging and 2-I based in countries such as Mauritius, Singapore and Malaysia.Jagan's auditor V Vijaysai Reddy, already arrested in the case, has also been charged with helping him in laundering money through foreign shores. The CBI sources said that they zeroed in on these companies after interrogating Vijaysai and other accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076197", "title": "Batla cries police brutality, shuts down", "text": "NEW DELHI: Residents of Batla House in Jamia Nagar staged a dharna on Tuesday, alleging harassment by police. Although 70% youths picked up from the area have been acquitted, police atrocities continue, claim residents. The gathering took on a political hue with local politicians, along with MP Ram Vilas Paswan , addressing the crowd.Convener Amanat Ullah Khan said there have been three instances of cops randomly picking up \"terror suspects\" from Batla House since February 13, including questioning of Jamia student Shameen Ahmed on Monday night.\"After the Batla House encounter, detaining people and naming them terror suspects has become the norm. We don't oppose action against the guilty, but people are being picked up at random. On an average, 70% youths hauled up from this area are later found to be not guilty. Why police are not made accountable for such acts,\" he asked.Police had barricaded the entire area from the main road to the Batla House Chowk, turning it into a virtual fortress. Traffic movement was restricted in the area, with shops and business units downing shutters.Residents said a sense of insecurity pervades the area, as officers in plainclothes pick up youths without even informing the local police.\"The area is increasingly being looked up on as 'terror zone', which makes life difficult for us. In the name of questioning illegal Bangladeshi immigrants, Muslims are being targeted,\" said Sultan Ahmed Sidiqui who hails from Darbhanga in Bihar.Paswan in his address alleged that Muslim pockets across India are being targeted. \"There is a need to understand that the harassment is not restricted to Batla House, but is being witnessed in Bihar, Assam and Azamgarh.\"Local MLA Asif Mohammed Khan reiterated the demand for a judicial inquiry into the Batla House encounter, while pinning the blame on the Congress government. \"The Congress has done more harm in the guise of secularism than the BJP, whose leanings are well known. We at Jamia Nagar are not going to screen the guilty, but the police can't come every night and pick up young men on the grounds that 12 suspects of the Delhi high court blast are taking refuge here,\" said Khan.Religious leaders and NGOs also took part in the dharna, which ended with a pledge to fight police atrocities. There was a proposal to form a committee comprising elder citizens and leaders of the area to resist such attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12079883", "title": "Kadhal Theevu: The cast factor", "text": "Director Vetriveeran, who debuted in the industry with Arumbu Meesai Kurumbu Paarvai, is thrilled to have cast some of the talented actors in his next film, Kadhal Theevu.Talking to CT, he says, \"I've roped in Tanvi Lonkar, who played the young Freida Pinto in Slumdog Millionaire, to play the female lead. She has earlier played the heroine in the Kannada film Teenage, for which I wrote the screenplay. She's a talented actress and has the potential to take the story ahead with her performance.\" He continues, \"Ramcharan, who was seen in Azhagi (in the song Damakku Damakku...), is my hero. I've also cast Manoj Bharathiraja in the role of the antagonist. His character will be much talked about once the film hits screens.\" Vetriveeran plans to start shooting from March 16 in Kodaikanal. \"We will complete the film, which is a romantic thriller, in a single schedule,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12075991", "title": "CM must make statement on crop destruction: BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: The Opposition's demand for chief minister's statement on rabi crops destroyed due to extreme cold conditions rocked the assembly on Tuesday. The issue was raised by BJP's chief whip Rajendra Rathore, who was also the first speaker during the zero hour.The debate continued for 40 minutes as the Opposition demanded that the chief minister make a statement on the destruction of crops and what the state government plans to extend help for the affected farmers. During the debate, the Opposition members walked into the well, raising slogans against Ashok Gehlot government. Accusing the state government of not being serious about a \"very important issue\", leader of Opposition Vasundhara Raje and other BJP MLAs staged a walk-out.In his speech, Rathore demanded that the government announce a special relief package for farmers like the BJP government had done in 2008. In his reply, minister of state for disaster management and relief Brijendra Singh said that a survey of crops was on and would be completed by March 5, 2012. \"The chief secretary had also written a letter to all district collectors about conducting the survey sensitively,\" he said. The minister admitted that several memorandums for special relief were received.Deputy leader of Opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari argued that this was a regular survey conducted annually and that a special survey for crops destroyed by frost be initiated. \"Nothing less than compensation would do. The state government cannot excuse itself from responsibility saying extreme cold conditions not included in list of natural calamities,\" said Raje, addressing the house. The Opposition demanded compensation for the destroyed crops along with a waiver off of power bills for affected farmers.The debate took a political turn with the minister pointing out that the BJP's special package was funded through CRF and not state budget. State Parliamentary Affairs minister Shanti Dhariwal demanded that the leader of opposition apologise to the house for misleading it.Back in the house after the walkout, Raje said it did not matter how the relief was funded and that it had led to an audit paragraph as pointed by ruling party. \"We will always do all that is possible to help the farmers,\" she said.CPM legislator Amra Ram demanded that all 200 legislators participate in a dharna against the Union government, with a demand that extreme cold conditions be included in list of natural calamities. The Opposition's demand for compensation was supported by ruling party legislator Sharwan Kumar.Dhariwal assured the house that the state government is ready to give its statement in the house and will do so at the time fixed by the chairperson Surendra Singh Jadawat, who was presiding over the proceedings then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12078022", "title": "Leelavathi Unni emerges as new deputy mayor amidst tension within party", "text": "COIMBATORE: AIADMK's Leelavathi Unni became the first woman deputy mayor of Coimbatore corporation on Monday after she was fielded as a surprise candidate following some tension at the council meeting. A member of the party state executive and district secretary of the party's women's wing, Leelavathi represents ward number 73 of the corporation. The polls threw light on the simmering discontent within the district unit of the ruling party.The council meeting to decide the deputy mayor began at 10a.m. and was charged with anxiety and speculation, as AIADMK councilors wondered who would be the chosen one. Meanwhile, the opposition members kept away from the morning session saying that as the ruling party had an overwhelming majority, their vote would hardly matter. Many councilors, including S Balan, Manimekhalai and R Rajkumar were shocked when mayor S M Velusamy proposed K B Balraj of ward 63, a relatively junior party cadre, for the post of deputy mayor, saying he had won the chief minister's mandate.However, senior party leader and councillor of ward 97, M Manimaran, objected to this proposal on the grounds that the Panchayathee Raj Act prohibits those who make profits through government projects and establishments from occupying key posts. According to Manimaran, Balraj has been operating the slaughter house of city corporation at Uppilipalayam since April 1, 2010 on lease and the lease agreement would end only on March 31, 2013. As this is a profit-making venture, Balraj was not eligible for the post. The state had increased the lease amount by 5% as it was a profitable business, said Manimaran.When Corporation Commissioner T K Ponnusamy validated the objections raised by Manimaran, Balraj and his followers were surprised and disappointed. To break the tension, the mayor announced a 10-minute break. After a brief discussion with senior councilors, Velusamy contacted the party high command in Chennai who directed him to propose Leelavathi for the post.The meeting resumed after the break and the council unanimously elected Leelavathi as deputy mayor. A visibly upset Balraj, one of the few dalit faces among corporation councilors and district leader of the fish workers' wing of the party, left the hall immediately. \"Internal politics is the reason for denying me the post,'' he said. \"Amma had chosen me and I was very happy. However, a few people acted against Amma's will,'' he said.Manimaran later said that he objects to the tendency of the party to sideline seniors. \"I was the MLA candidate in Valparai way back in 1996. S Balan was once considered for the post of mayor. However, we seniors were often side-lined in favour of juniors,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12077914", "title": "HC summons department secretary over manhole deaths", "text": "BANGALORE: Virtually putting the government on the mat over people dying while clearing manholes, the high court on Tuesday summoned urban development department secretary Aravind Srivastava to be present in court at the next hearing.A division bench headed by CJ Vikramajit Sen indicated that if ex gratia /compensation to the victims' families is not decided, it may not hesitate to call up other persons responsible, including the minister concerned , if need be.\"There are no instructions from the authorities on what steps they have taken. We are distressed and dismayed by the fact that one more person died in Dharwad on February 16 while clearing sewage. The secretary filed an affidavit on the last occasion (January 31) saying they have taken several steps to prevent manual cleaning. Despite the affidavit, there has been a death. Arvind Srivastava hasn't reacted to the incident in any manner whatsoever. There has been only a lip-service to a national cause ...\" the bench said.The court wasn't happy with the affidavits filed by the drainage board chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080516", "title": "Nikhil Dwivedi to undergo surgery", "text": "Nikhil Dwivedi, who had suffered a fracture on his right hand while shooting for Vikram Bhatt's Hate Story, has still not recovered.Apparently, it has worsened and the actor will undergo a major operation to insert metal bolts for joining the bones.A friend of the actor told Mumbai Mirror, \"Nikhil had fractured his forearms and wrist. In due course of time, the injury on the forearm had healed. However, Nikhil was under the impression that the wrist injury had healed, too, and continued shooting for Tamanchey.\"But, a minor incident on the sets of Tamanchey gave way to a bigger problem.\"Nikhil was shooting a basic action sequence and his bone snapped. The MRI revealed that the bone was never healed and the fibres were further damaged. Post-operation, he would be resting for two months with minimum mobility. He will finish shooting for his assignments and the surgery will take place next month,\" the friend added.Talking about his film commitments, the friend said, \"About 20 percent of Tamanchey is yet to be shot. Some crucial scenes are left.He's trying to complete the film at the earliest.Once that is done, his surgery will become the first priority.\"Nikhil Dwivedi remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12079989", "title": "Aadhi gets on the stage", "text": "Apart from shooting for his many films, it looks like rehearsing for a Shakespearean play that will be enacted in Chennai on five consecutive days in May is going to keep Aadhi busy.Say the actor, \"I've known Jayarao, who's putting this show together, for a while. When he told me he's planning to stage Shakespeare's Macbeth in the city with some of the most talented artists, I was excited. I told him I'll play a role in it. I've been interested in theatre, but never had the opportunity to be part of it. I'm currently filming for Maranthen Mannithen, and will be shooting for Kochadaiyaan in May. So, I'll be taking part in only one show, and will start rehearsing for it as soon as I wrap up a schedule.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077502", "title": "\u2018Atrocities Act could be misused as there is scope of false implication\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: In a significant observation, Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has said Atrocities Act could be misused too. \"One must keep prudent caution in mind that there may be scope for false implication due to previous enmity,\" a single-judge bench comprising justice Ashok Bhangale said while providing a relief to Gondia-based headmaster.The judge stated that in such cases, the court must cautiously, carefully and thoroughly examine evidence before fixing the criminal liability. \"Due to long gap between the date of alleged incident and FIR, there was a scope for false implication where a minimum stern sentence has been prescribed under the Act,\" Justice Bhangale said.The petitioner working with Government Ashram School at Kadikasa village in Gondia district was accused by his student of allegedly harassing her and outraging her modesty. The eighth-standard student claimed that accused demanded undue favours and forcibly kissed her after which she left the school.She then lodged a report with Chichgarh police station under Section 354 (outraging modesty) and under Section 3(1)(xi) of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989. A Bhandara Special Court convicted the headmaster on June 16, 2007, and sentenced him to four years rigorous imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 7,000.The 52-year petitioner challenged this in high court contending that some students, including the complainant, were unhappy over his strict administrative decisions. He also accused a local politician Chainsingh Madavi of instigating the complainant as he failed to provide favours to latter.He argued that though alleged incidents occurred in September 2005 and 2006, FIR was lodged after a significant delay on October 12, 2006, even though the police station is hardly 10 kms from the school.Justice Bhangale stated that there was no reliable and clinching evidence on record to prove the claims under Section 354 of IPC. \"Implicating petitioner simultaneously under Section 354 of IPC and Section 3(1)(xi) of Atrocities Act is not correct,\" he mentioned. Citing a Supreme Court verdict, the judge stated that \"merely because the victim happened to be a girl belonging to a scheduled caste does not attract the provisions of Atrocities Act\".\"There is no material available on record to indicate that the accused assaulted or used force on the victim with intent to dishonour or outrage her modesty so as to hold that offence punishable under Atrocities Act is proved,\" the court said. \"It is basic principle of criminal jurisprudence that a guilty may escape, but an innocent person shall never suffer ignominy of conviction,\" the court added before setting aside the conviction of the petitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080539", "title": "Tigmanshu rubbishes Paan Singh\u2019s nephew\u2019s claims", "text": "You'd think that an FIR would daunt anyone. But director Tigmanshu Dhulia is unfazed by Paan Singh's nephew Balwant Singh's claim that that the director had promised him Rs 40 lakhs for providing information on his uncle on whose Dhulia's new film Paan Singh Tomar is based.Reacting sharply and with laughter to Balwant Singh's claim Dhulia says, \"Who am I to promise him Rs 40 lakhs? Only the producer of a film talks money. And let me inform this gentleman that no one, not even the film's leading man Irrfan Khan has been paid that kind of money.Paan Singh Tomar is a small-budgeted film. We shot it on location and lived on bare essentials during shooting. If we had Rs 40 lakhs to give this guy we'd have spent more on promoting out film.\"Tigmanshu completely rubbishes Balwant Singh's claim that the director visited Balwant Singh's home in Guda village in 2010.Protests Dhulia, \"I've never been to his village or his house. Why should I? we met maybe 2-3 times because,yes, I wanted information on Paan Singh's life. But never at Balwant's home. The main meeting took place at a dhaba on a Gwalior highway where we spoke at length about Paan Singh. That conversation has been video-recorded. Beyond that I meet Balwant maybe one or twice. That's it. I also met other members of Balwant's family including his wife and son. How come they aren't asking for monetary compensation for sharing Paan Singh's life with me?\"Interestingly Dhulia lets out that during the course of his research he also met Milkha Singh the Olympian athlete on whose life Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra is making a film.Says Dhulia, \"Milkha Singh played a very important part in Paan Singh's life as an athlete.So yes, I met Milkha Singh and many others. But no one else has asked for money.\"Dhulia feels Balwant Singh is just getting greedy on the eve of the film's release. \"These kinds of impendiments before a film's release are being put forward much too often. I think there should be laws against people who jump in with demands days before a film's release. We are a small film. We can't afford to give in to such arm-twisting just to free our film from humbug.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12075996", "title": "Opposition stages walkout over alleged corruption in NRHM", "text": "JAIPUR: The Opposition BJP on Tuesday staged a walkout over the alleged corruption in allotment of tender to a particular company for running 108 ambulance services in the state. The Opposition claimed that the state government was turning a blind eye on the issue as the sons of two Union ministers were directors of Ziqitza Health Care Limited, which provides the service in the state.Replying to the queries raised by BJP legislators Dr Jaswant Singh Yadav, Dr Digambar Singh and Ghanshyam Tiwari , health minister A A Khan said that the 108 services were launched on September 20, 2008 and presently, 464 ambulances are running in the state. He said that 31 ambulances were running in Jaipur district.The Opposition demanded to know why the contract with EMRI, which previously provided the service, was terminated and the financial details of the two contracts. \"The contract with EMRI was terminated after it was found guilty of transferring money to its parent company without intimation. While EMRI was running the service at Rs 80,000 per ambulance, per month, Ziqitza Health Care is doing so for Rs 94,899,'' said Khan.On further queries by Opposition legislators, Khan said that the state government had received five tenders for providing the services of which two were rejected on technical grounds. \"Of the remaining three, the lowest bid was of Ziqitza and the contract was awarded to them,'' said Khan. He also read out the names of the company's directors as requested by Tiwari.As the debate flared up, both the ruling party and the Opposition pointed fingers at each other. While BJP alleged that the state government was deliberately turning an eye to the corruption in NRHM in the state, the ruling party insisted that the company was awarded similar contracts by BJP ruled states before Rajasthan.\"Is it not a fact that while cost of medicines and consumables was included in Rs 80,000 for EMRI, it is not included in the Rs 94,899 for Ziqitza? The state government clears all their dues on a mere utilisation certificate and does not even demand for bills?,'' asked Tiwari. Former health minister Dr Digambar Singh pointed out that though initially the idea was to include advance life support vehicles for the service, only basic life-saving vehicles were running in the state.\"The state government is deliberately turning a blind eye to the events as sons of two Union ministers are directors of the company. A CBI inquiry should be initiated into the allegations of corruptions,'' said Tiwari. The debate continued for 26 minutes, following which the Opposition staged a walkout as a mark of protest.On a query by senior BJP MLA Gulab Chand Kataria about survey for Mansiwakal Water Supply Project in Udaipur, chief minister Ashok Gehlot assured the house that the project is on the priority list of the government. \"I have personally inspected the area and the projects remain on our priority list,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080927", "title": "Do you want to put your kid through baby yoga?", "text": "The shocking exercise promoted by a Russian woman involves babies being spun around by their hand or legA bizarre course of 'baby yoga' that involves tots as young as two weeks being spun and dangled by a single limb could be going to the UK - and the therapist behind the discipline can't wait to see her alarming exercises practiced over there.Shocking footage of guru Lena Fokina flipping a baby over her head astounded millions last month as it spread across the internet, causing parents everywhere to wince in disbelief.The 51-year-old Russian was filmed flinging babies above her head and behind her back in such an outlandish fashion that many websites - including YouTube - banned the footage over concerns it glorified child abuse.And the actions performed by Fokina - part of sessions that can last up to five minutes - were so outrageous that many observers believed that they were being applied to a doll rather than a baby.But now, any doubts that the clip may not have been legit have been dismissed after an investigation tracked her down at a seminar called 'Parenting the Deliberate Way' in Dahab, Egypt , where parents from across Europe were paying her to carry out the same moves on their infants, some just months old.And while many of the babies were reportedly left screaming in tears or vomited during or after their session of 'baby dynamics', Fokina insists it is for their benefit. The teacher said: \"It's very good for babies and not dangerous at all. Some babies cry at first, but they begin to enjoy it. Most people think young babies can only lie on a bed, eat, and cry. But babies are born with natural reflexes, which we can use to help them develop physically and intellectually. Fokina has also conducted workshops in Thailand and India.She said: \"Baby dynamics is quite well known in Russia but up to now all the literature about it has only been in Russian. Although I don't know anybody practicing in the UK yet I will be very proud when I see my methods applied there.\"The actions performed by Lena Fokina - part of sessions that can last up to five minutes - were so outrageous that many observers believed that they were being applied to a doll rather than a baby.-Daily Mirror", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12077274", "title": "Grenade blast injures two in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Two people were injured in a grenade blast in the city on Tuesday. The grenade, lobbed by unidentified miscreants near a Punjab National Bank branch, exploded around 6pm.The busy Nursery area was almost deserted at the time of the blast due to the 24-hour nation-wide bandh. Locals said the number of injured would have been much higher if it was a normal working day.Police are yet to confirm about any militant outfit's involvement in the blast. But, intelligence sources suspect Ulfa hardliners. No outfit has claimed any responsibility.\"Two people were injured in the blast and they were taken to Guwahati Medical College Hospital. We can't comment on any militant outfit's involvement before we investigate the matter,\" said G P Nath, IGP (central western range). The injured persons - identified as autorickshaw driver Deben Das and one Manturaj Nath - are reportedly stable and out of danger.Eyewitnesses said that the grenade was lobbed from a four-wheeler coming from Zoo road and traveling towards Ganeshguri. Forensic officials have also collected samples from the blast site.Opposition parties have accused the police of failing to protect the common people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076402", "title": "'Builder cannot sell parking space'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission recently held that a builder has no right to sell stilt parking or open parking, both of which are part of com-mon amenities.The commission ruled that only the housing society's general body could make the allotment of space to flat occupiers. The commission directed Vardhaman Homes to give an account of Rs 9,045 collected as maintenance and other expenses, and also pay Rs 5,000 as compensation to the complainant, Dilip Joshi, and his wife, Deepa.The lawyer and his wife had filed a complaint with the commission alleging that Vardhaman Homes had sold parking spaces to some residents of their building in Thane (W). The Joshis said a meeting was convened between flat purchasers and the builder, when the latter was told that such spaces could not be sold under the Maharashtra Ownership Flats Act. But the builder told the members that there would be no refund, and such rulings should be ignoredas they keep changing everyday.They said they were obstructed from parking their car in the stilt space already sold to another person in May 2010. The Joshis said that since then they were forced to park their car outside the building premises. They said once 60% flats were sold, the builder had to form a cooperative society, and in this case was illegally trespassing on the society's legal rights.In the complaint, the Joshis sought accounts of all the money collected as maintenance for a year.The commission observed that it hoped that the society would take a decision to re-allot stilt and open parking spaces and thus safeguard interests of all flat-purchasers. The commission held that the society should do this irrespective of black and white payments some flat-purchasers may have made to the builder to seek favour for allotment of parking space. \"The builder/developer has no right to interfere in the society's affairs; the society and general body are the supreme authorities to decide issues faced by complainants pertaining to open parking and stilt parking space,\" the commission said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12076053", "title": "Dance troupe 'Bad Boys of Dance' to perform in city", "text": "JAIPUR: Moving away from the metros, this is for the first time that an embassy is looking at a tier II city for a cultural exchange programme. The American Center is bringing the much-acclaimed dance troupe 'Bad Boys of Dance' for a tour of India.A leading contemporary dance group would be performing at the Birla Auditorium on Wednesday, February 29. The troupe was set up by dance superstar Rasta Thomas in 2007 and has also performed at Carnegie Hall in New York with Sir Elton John for a Rainforest charity event starring the likes of Lady Gaga , Sting , Bruce Springsteen .\"Moving beyond the metros, this is an attempt to reach out to tier II &amp; III cities. Jaipur is a growing modern city and rich in art and culture. The performance \"Rock the Ballet\" will showcase the best of American pop culture here. The dancers are new, smart, fun and yet grounded in the key traditions of classical dance,\" said Lydia Barraza, assistant cultural affairs officer, US Embassy.The group is striving to free ballet from its prissy aura. Besides Rasta Thomas is going to bring Adrienne Canterna, who is the recipient of numerous national and international awards, Michael Keefe, Jamal White, David Lorenzo and others. \"Rasta has also performed at the White House for the President of the United States and opened for Aretha Franklin at Harlem's famous 'Apollo Theatre'. Rasta is the founding director of 'Bad Boys of Dance' and in 2008 he created Rasta Thomas' \"Rock The Ballet\" with his wife Adrienne Canterna, said Lydia.\"Bad Boys of Dance are sexy, spectacular, athletic, entertaining, fun popping technicians and acrobat-gymnasts, and will showcase ballet and other dance forms such as jazz, hip-hop as well as martial arts,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12076473", "title": "Siva writes to PM, offers to surrender S Tel licences", "text": "CHENNAI: C Sivasankaran, who scripted a rags-to-riches story riding the telecom wave, is calling it quits. The serial investor and chairman of Siva Group, in a letter to the Prime Minister, has offered to surrender S Tel's 2G and 3G licences along with the infrastructure to the government.The decision to exit the sector comes after the Supreme Court on February 2 cancelled 122 cellular phone licences granted by the government in 2008 on the grounds that its first-come first-served (FCFS) policy was flawed and illegal. \"We are ready to submit to an independent audit to validate our claims for returns of our investments (in the six category 'C' circles),\" the letter, a copy of which is in TOI's possession, said. Siva Group, along with partner Bahrain's Batelco, has so far invested Rs 1,700 crore in six category 'C' circles, it said.S Tel's Indian partner Sivasankaran has already initiated the process to buy out Batelco (which invested $225 million for a 49% stake in the company in January 2009. The letter said that S Tel had started the buyout dialogue with its partner even before the Supreme Court judgment. \"This was done to, save the already tarnished image of the country vis-a-vis foreign direct investment.\" In the letter, a copy of which was marked to telecom minister Kapil Sibal , Sivasankaran said S Tel was a victim of the government's FCFS policy, and sought a fair and equitable solution from the government \"to protect our investment\".\"We have remained different from the pack and we were the first to question the arbitrary advancement of the cut-off date and lost the business opportunity in the process from emerging a successful telecom player pan-India ... Consequently we are akin to a lamb at the butcher shop,\" Sivasankaran said. S Tel was awarded licences to operate in six circles-Bihar, Orissa, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, the Northeast and Assam. As of December 2011, S Tel had 3.5 million subscribers.Sivasankaran first entered the telecom business in the 1990s when he acquired licence to operate 2G services in Delhi and Tamil Nadu. He sold the Delhi licence to the Ruias of Essar and operated the Tamil Nadu licence under the Aircel brand. Upon successfully rolling out Aircel throughout the country, he sold the company to Maxis of Malaysia . Recently he alleged that he was arm-twisted by the then telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran to sell the company to Maxis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12077895", "title": "Leaplings take a leap into their next birthday", "text": "Ashish Khokar, a 52-year-old biographer, historian and dancer, is celebrating his 13th birthday today and has officially entered his teen years! Sumana Sri, a student of journalism , is turning 20 today, but on record, she is celebrating her 5th birthday!Ashish and Sumana are 'leaplings' born on February 29. Like many others born on this rare date, they cut their birthday cakes once in every four years. No wonder then that they want to make the most of this once-in-a-bluemoon opportunity.''I am celebrating my birthday this year with the dance fraternity and screening a new dance film on iconic Bharatanatyam dancer Alarmel Valli from Chennai,\" says Khokar. The film will be screened at Alliance Francaise, which hosts his lectures, Dance Discourse , regularly. The event will be followed by a birthday dinner, where Khokar's guests will join him.\"I will actually turn 13 this year! Those who think I am unpredictable will now see what I can do after entering teens. Have you seen a teenager with near-white hair? That's me,\" smiles Khokar.Sumana Sri, on the other hand, wants to celebrate the day with her cousins and family. \"Everybody seems to be more excited about my birthday than me, as it comes once in four years. Last time (in 2008), my friends and cousins surprised me by coming to my place and wishing me at midnight. This time, I want to cut a cake and celebrate it with my family and cousins,\" she says.Sumana otherwise celebrates her birthday on February 28. \"I am born in February and I don't like to celebrate the day in March. Hence, I always celebrate my birthday on February 28,\" she explains.For 32-year-old Bhavna Aditya, it's her first birthday with her husband and she wants to celebrate it in style. \"We have been married for 3 years, but I could never celebrate my birthday with my husband. So, this time, I want a grand celebration. We have booked a banquet in a hotel near our house in Whitefield. I will celebrate with my husband and friends by cutting a cake, followed by a DJ party. I am really excited,'' she says.LITTLE SURPRISE IN STORESoosan Suresh, a 48-year-old teacher with Ebenezer International School, is looking forward to spending the day with students. \"They all sounded so excited and have planned something for me. They are just waiting for tomorrow, but I don't know what they have in store. I will also celebrate the day with my family, but it will be a small affair,\" she says.Unlike Sumana, Soosan celebrates her birthday on March 1. \"March 1 follows February 28, so I have always celebrated on that day,\" she says. Anshuman Sinha, a 32-year-old techie with Yahoo!, is all excited to celebrate his birthday after his daughter's birth. \"I am celebrating the day with family and some close friends at home. It's my first birthday with my daughter ,\" he explains.HOW IT WAS BORNFebruary 29, known as a leap day in the Gregorian Calendar, is a date that occurs in most years that are evenly divisible by 4, such as 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016. Years that are evenly divisible by 100 do not contain a leap day, with the exception of years evenly divisible by 400, which do contain a leap day; thus 1900 did not contain a leap day while 2000 did. Years containing a leap day are called leap years. February 29 is the 60th day of the Gregorian Calendar in such a year, with 306 days remaining until the end of that year. A person who is born on February 29 is generally called a 'leapling' or a 'leap year baby' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12080886", "title": "Elusive crocodile caught from Khadakwasla Dam", "text": "PUNE: Scaring the locals with its frequent appearance, a 150 kg crocodile was finally netted from the Khadakwasla Dam after a year-long search.The reptile was captured last night after a 10-hour long operation undertaken by forest and zoo officials, who were joined by cadets of the National Defence Academy (NDA).A forest department spokesman said the four-foot long crocodile, which had remained elusive for about a year after being spotted on and off in the dam, was netted after the irrigation officials reduced the water flow in the dam to make the animal visible.A squad of animal keepers of the Katraj Snake Park, fire brigade personnel and police, too, were kept in readiness while the 'operation crocodile' was underway.The crocodile, currently kept at the Snake Park would be sent to a wild life sanctuary in Sangli district.The presence of the crocodile had affected the boating and exercises of the NDA cadets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12077280", "title": "\u2018Expedite builders\u2019 sewerage linking\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: A day after TOI reported the underperformance of the Behrampur sewage treatment plant, HUDA has written to the town and country planning department to instruct the builders to expedite the sewerage connection process.The HUDA officials claimed that the STP was equipped to handle 50MLD sewage treatment but unless the developers link the sewerage line to the master sewerage line of HUDA, the plant would continue to function under capacity. The executive engineer, HUDA, A K Maggu, has written to the town and country planning department stating that all the licensed colonies have not applied for sewerage connection. \"These colonies have been completed or partly completed but the builders have not applied for the sewer connection. It is high time these builders applied for connections,\" said Maggu.According to HUDA records, over a dozen colonies developed by the private builders have got sewerage connections and their sewerage lines have been connected to the master sewerage line of HUDA. As per regulations, the builder has to ensure the sewerage connection with the HUDA lines. \"The main reason for not doing this is cost-cutting. The builders prefer collecting the sewage from the colony and then dumping it outside, mostly in stormwater drains or in open areas in the city,\" said another HUDA official, adding \"this impacts the groundwater\".The cost of laying sewerage pipes and connecting them runs into lakhs of rupees and the builders save money by not doing so. \"They hire trucks which collect the sewage and then dump it in the open. HUDA cannot force them to connect sewerage line,\" said the official.The HUDA officials rue the fact that the private colonies come under the town and country planning department and it is only for water, sewerage and power connection that they seek permission from HUDA. As a quick-fix measure HUDA and the MCG have now worked a plan in which the trucks carrying sewage from private colonies would come to the Behrampur STP plant. HUDA sources said that this arrangement was not a long-term one.HUDA is losing out on revenue on two accounts: The sewerage connection fee and the cost of treating sewage coming from each colony. There are over 100 colonies in new Gurgaon alone which have yet to take sewerage connections from HUDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080422", "title": "Tollywood's new Indiana Jones!", "text": "The iconic Harrison Ford and his adventurous sagas of treasure hunts have enthralled the audience from many years. Now, it appears that Tollywood has got its own version of IndianaThe era of Indiana Jones needs no introduction to anyone who is an avid cine buff. The immortal role essayed by the iconic Harrison Ford and his adventurous sagas of treasure hunts have enthralled the audience from many years. Now, it appears that Tollywood has got its own version of Indiana.Well, news has been making rounds that aggressive star Gopichand has signed a new movie under the direction of Yeleti Chandrasekhar. Inside sources say the story revolves around a treasure hunt and Gopichand would be the man in mission. If this be true then it is going to be a rather offbeat genre for Telugu audience. The producer for this is BVSN Prasad.As such, Gopichand has the right physique and rugged look to suit the adventurous role but it would be a challenge for the makers to come up with a story which is convincing enough and with rich visual appeal and technical effects. In a way, Gopi is also taking a risk given his weak career graph but his courage should be appreciated.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12080394", "title": "Two Lashkar men nabbed in Delhi, terror strikes foiled", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major operation, Delhi Police have arrested two suspected LeT terrorists who were allegedly planning to carry out terror strikes in the capital targeting vital installations and VVIPs.Delhi Police sources said the operation was launched to nab the two Lashkar-e-Taiba men after receiving inputs from Central intelligence agencies that the duo have entered the capital to carry out strikes.Effective coordination with Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand Police helped nab the two terrorists, the sources said.They said the two were planning to carry out major strikes in the national capital by targeting vital installations and VVIPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12077971", "title": "Expectant mothers avoid Feb 29", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For some, a February 29 birthday holds a special significance. But for others, it takes the sheen off the yearly celebrations, as the date comes once in four years.With 2012 being a leap year, many expectant mothers are visiting Tricity gynaecologists to avoid giving birth on the day.Dr Seema Sharma, a gynaecologist at Max Hospital, Mohali, said, \"I have received many such cases. Most of my patients do not want babies on February 29.\"Dr Gurpreet Bedi, a gynaecologist at Bedi Nursing Home, here, said, \"In the past two days, some expectant mothers visited us, asking us to postpone induction for pain, which is given prior to a delivery.\"Dr Ritambra Bhalla, a gynaecologist, has conducted two deliveries in the past few days, as parents wanted to avoid the baby\"s birth on the day. \"In cases wherein it is medically possible to reschedule the date, we have changed the date of surgery. In one of the cases, the mother neither wanted to give birth on February 29 nor on February 27 as it was not so auspicious. Later, the family decided the baby will come into the world on March 1.\"Arti Kapoor, who was due for caesarian on February 29, has requested her doctor to advance it by a day. \"As it will be the first child in our family, we will prefer if it is born before or after February 29. For, leap year birthdays come once in four years and rob the excitement that a birthday celebration brings along every year.\" said Arti, a city resident.Prachi Gupta, an expectant mother admitted to a private centre, here, said, \"My cousin was born on February 29. He never liked celebrating his birthday on February 28, as it was not the actual day. As my baby is due on the day, I have asked my doctor to postpone my caesarian by a day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12078415", "title": "Stir hits banking services", "text": "INDORE: Banking services remained paralyzed on Tuesday following a strike by United Forum of Bank Union. About 2,500 employees of national banks and few from private sector went on strike protesting against the government policies towards the sector.M K Shukla, convenor of United Forum of Bank Union, informed that 342 branches of various banks remained inactive including 284 nationalized banks' branches. A procession was taken out by the employees of private banks like Karnataka Bank, Jammu Kashmir Bank, Federal Bank, Vysya Bank and other nationalized banks from Sheetla Mata Mandir via Bohra Bazaar, Sarafa Bazaar, which culminated near the SBI premises in Rajwada.They protested against the Khandelwal Committee recommendations on bank reforms and outsourcing in banking sector. Alok Khare, president of All India Bank Officers' Association, Madhuraj, secretary SBI Staff Federation, O P Tiwari, National Organization of Bank Workers also participated in the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12076632", "title": "Jindal withdraws resignation once again", "text": "PANAJI: The government asked dean of Goa Medical College and Hospital, Dr V N Jindal, to withdraw his notice of voluntary retirement in \"public interest\". Accordingly, the dean has done so.In December, Jindal had sent his resignation letter to the governor asking to be relieved from the post. Joint secretary (personnel) wrote to the dean, stating that the \"government desires you may withdraw notice of voluntary retirement in public interest as your services as dean, GMC, are useful to the hospital\".\"Since the government desires that I withdraw my notice of voluntary retirement in public interest, I have decided to do so,\" Jindal said.Sources said the chief minister and secretary (health) also spoke to Jindal and asked him to continue as the dean. The dean put a condition that during the pre-lunch session, he should be allowed to be in the neurosurgery department and during the post-lunch session, he will discharge his administrative duties as dean. \"The government agreed,\" said sourcesA neurosurgeon, credited with setting up the neurosurgery department in GMC, he has not be able to concentrate on the department since taking charge as Dean. \"In the last six years, Jindal has written at least four letters asking the government to grant him permission to work in the neurosurgery department, even as he carries out his responsibilities as dean. This is the second time, he has been asked to withdraw his resignation in his six-year tenure as the GMC dean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12078513", "title": "Consumers cry hoarse over power tariff hike proposals", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid sharp objections to the power tariff proposals seeking a hike of 20 -27% by the power distribution companies, the MP Electricity Regulatory Commission (MPERC) on Tuesday wrapped up its last phase of the public hearing on the issue.Those who objected to the proposed power tariff hike argued that the three power distribution companies (discoms) should bring down their whopping distribution losses, modernize its system and improve its working instead of proposing tariff hike every year.Different social and business organisations, including Bharatiya Kisan Sangh, an outfit of Sangh Parivar, opposed the proposed tariff hike proposals tooth and nail. However, no political party or its representative was present to raise objections to the tariff hike proposals at the MPERC public hearing at Academy of Administration.BKS asked the MPERC chairman Rakesh Sahni to strike down the tariff hike proposals immediately adding that the farmers were not getting electricity even for six hours daily.BKS Mahakoshal Pranth president Ravidutt Singh asked Sahni to immediately reject the hike proposals and urged him to take measures for bringing down the electricity tariff, which is on the higher side in MP.As soon as the hearing began, the first objector Suhas Virani said that the companies were seeking a huge hike in tariff for the electric supply to hostels run for college students. He said the state government was giving scholarship to the meritorious students, but it was baffling the discoms wanted to hike the tariff on the electricity to hostels.They (discoms) wanted to hike the tariff of electricity supply to hostels and wanted to treat it as a separate segment - different from the domestic consumers he said adding that this move was unfair. \"Do the vegetable sellers give potato at a higher price to students and cheaper to others,\" Virani quipped.Yogesh Goel, managing director of Alco Electrostrips Private Limited, speaking on behalf of Govindpura Industries Association and Federation of MP Chamber, Trade and Commerce, said that the tariff petitions were incomplete and lacked details.CB Malpani, general secretary, Association of Industries, Mandeep, too argued for better power supply to industries at a rational rate. S Pal, chief executive, Anant Spinning Mills Vardhman Yarns, suggested that the power discoms should bring down their distribution and commercial losses.Suneel Bhargava, regional vice president of MP Laghu Udyog Sangh, voiced over the problems of small scale industries in connection with the power hike petitions.N K Jain, an advocate, said MPERC should exert pressure on discoms to improve their efficiency instead of giving in to their proposals seeking tariff hike. He said that discoms should also state their manpower and material expenditure with average of top best five discoms in the country. They should also submit proposals to bring their expenditure on par with the best five discoms.Right now a domestic consumer was paying Rs 3.30 per unit up to 50 units power consumption, Rs 3.73 per unit for 51 to 100 units power usage, Rs 4.60 for 101 to 200 units' consumption and Rs 4.80 for more than 200 unit power usages monthly. MP is among the seven states of country where the electricity tariff remains at a much higher side.With the last hearing over, the MPERC would now take a final call on the power hike proposal. Before this, MPERC had held public hearing in Indore and Jabalpur on February 22 and February 25 respectively.MPERC had received 127 objections to the proposals. It got 82 objections, 28 and 17 objections from the consumers of MP West Power discom, MP Central Power discom and MP East discom respectively. The central, east and west discoms have sought a hike of 22.18 per cent, 20.58 per cent and 27 per cent respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080784", "title": "I don\u2019t have a dream role: Rahul Madhav", "text": "Actor Rahul Madhav, the young star who debuted in Vadamalli, has a dream - to work with Sathyan Anthikad and Mani Ratnam. \"I don't have a dream role as such but I do hope that one day I will get a chance to work with these ace directors,\" says Rahul, who will next be seen in the movie Crime Thriller in which he stars opposite Vishnupriya .He says the movie, which moves at a fast pace, will appeal to the youth. Rahul has also worked on another yet-to-be named thriller directed by award winning director P Chandrakumar. \"Although these two movies are thrillers, the treatment is quite different,\" he says. The actor refuse to give more details about his char acter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12076928", "title": "Strike paralyses banking services", "text": "KANPUR: Banking services remained paralysed due to the strike on Tuesday. Cheques to the tune of Rs 100 crore remain uncleared. The call for the strike was given by the national confederation of bank employees and eleven central labour organizations and industrial federations to lodge protest against the government's anti-labour policies. The labour associations have joined hands on the 9-point demand charter.The employees of State Bank of India abstained from duty. No transaction could take place.Addressing bank employees in a gate meeting, union leader RK Srivastava said that Central government was making public sector banks weak through its disinvestment policy.All India insurance employees association claimed that due to strike all the offices in Lucknow, Etawah, Unnao, Jhansi and other districts could not be opened. As a result, business in National Insurance Company, United India, Oriental Insurance Company remained suspended.Employees of National Insurance staged dharna at the regional office on Mall Road and raised slogans against UPA government. Union leaders flayed the government for its wrong policies and claimed that no new recruitment could take place in the companies since the last two decades.Union leader Ram Kumar Bajpai said that the employees are at the receiving end due to the wrong policies of the Central government. Amendment in Labour laws, enhancement of FDI from 26 to 49 per cent and selling of general insurance company's share all against the interest of the employees.Employees and labourers working in defence sector also abstained from duties. The employees warned that if the government continues to ignore the employees, they would be forced to go on an indefinite strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12077872", "title": "13 teams to play in Chandigarh senior men's football tournament", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh Senior Men's State Football Tournament will begin at Sector 17 Football Stadium (1.30 pm) on Wednesday.Chandigarh Football Association general secretary Rakesh Bakshi said as many as 13 teams have confirmed their participation.Prominent teams among them are Pr AG Audit Haryana , Pr AG Audit Punjab , Panjab University Campus, Coaching Centre Sector 17, Blue Star Club, Youth Club, Golden F.C., Manimajra FC , Youth Club Dadumajra &amp; DAV Club are participating.The state meet is being played on knock-out-cum league basis. The inaugural match is between Youngster Football Club vs Youth Football Club, Sector- 30 at 1.30 pm and the second match will be Maruti FC Manimajra versus Sports Club , Sector-23, Chandigarh at 3pm and the last match will be between Youth Club , Dadumajra vs. Blue Star Club at 4pm. These are qualifying matches for league. The matches will be supervised by the qualified referees and matches will be played under the AIFF rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12078232", "title": "13 arrested in various land grab cases", "text": "MADURAI: District police arrested 13 persons in three land-grabbing cases and redeemed 10 acres worth Rs 6.35 crore.Addressing media persons here, South Zone IG, Rajesh Das along with SP, Asra Garg and DIG Madurai Range, Bala Nagadevi said that three different cases were booked based on the complaint received from the public and after a thorough investigation, 13 persons were detained in land-grab charges, he said. In the first case, the five accused had tried to sell off land already owned by others by forging documents. Veeranan, Malaichamy and three others were arrested in the case.In another case, Kamachi, Krishnan and Karikalan using the forged documents took away 4.50 acres at Muduvarpatti from its owner, M Subburayalu. Based on his complaint, three of them were detained after investigation.In the third case, Nallakrishnan, Anbarasan and five others from Andarkottaram were arrested for selling housing plots owned by many persons using forged documents. \"So far, the district police have recovered around 100 acres in land grabbing cases which are worth between Rs 80 and Rs 100 crore,\" Das said.Meanwhile, Balanagadevi said that in the school kidnap case at Palani, the police have arrested two accused on Tuesday. An eight-year-old school girl from Palani was kidnapped on February 24, but was rescued by a special police team the next day at Chandapura, near Hosur in Karnataka. The two kidnappers managed to flee but they were tracked down and arrested at Hoskote, Karnataka on Tuesday. The accused Pounraj (23), of Kallimandhayam and Dhilipkumar (26) of Velampalayam, Tirupur, decided to kidnap the girl and make money through ransom after they incurred loses in finance business, she said.Commenting on the safety measures at banks, IG, Rajesh Das said that series of meetings are held with the bankers and they are asked to install safety measures like CCTVs and burglary alarms. \"While the banks have been modernised, the safety measures are very primitive which should be upgraded,\" he quipped. SP, Asra Garg said that 75% of financial institutions, jewellers and banks have installed CCTVs and other safety measures after police conducted meetings.On the Sankarankoil byelections, Das said that adequate strength of police personnel have been deployed and the model code of conduct will be implemented in a strict manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078283", "title": "City's first sensory park to be inaugurated today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A sensory theme park for the differently-abled will be inaugurated at Blind People's Association (BPA) premises on Wednesday morning. The park, designed by Anjali Menon and Aditi Agrawal, two students of National Institute of Design (NID), targets to help special students like visually challenged, physically challenged and mentally challenged. It also has sensory outdoor play space to facilitate simulation through play for sensory limitation.\"The project started off with our observation that children with multiple disabilities spend most of their time indoors and they have little opportunity to go out and explore or indulge in activities. It most of the times results into shyness and withdrawal tendency for them. Thus, we invited NID students to design the park.It has elements such as bioscope, interactive wall, bamboo chimes and sound installations,\" said a BPA official.The bioscope is designed to be a visual stimulator enabling children to focus their attention. The interactive wall has different textures and patterns on it stimulate their sense of touch. Bottle caps of different colours and sizes and lamps have been used in it. It also has different sizes of niches to explore creatively.The bamboo chimes serves as a permeable fence for the gardenThe children can go under it, see through it, feel the texture.Which the children can hit to produce sounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12076577", "title": "One complains of assault, abuse in Bambolim", "text": "PANAJI: Mukesh Naik from Talaulim, Curca, complained to the Agasaim police that on Monday, at 4.30pm, at CPWD quarters Bambolim, Manoj Naik, a tourist taxi driver, wrongfully restrained him by putting his Esteem car in front of his car, abused him, assaulted him with fist blows and threatened to kill him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080856", "title": "I\u2019m very tough on myself: Oscar winner Jean Dujardin", "text": "Jean Dujardin who on Monday morning won the Oscar for Best Actor for his rousing portrayal of a Silent star in The Artiste, in an interview with Subhash K JhaYour performance has won this year's Oscar for best actor. Does the Oscar matter to you as an actor of such immeasurable talent? I've never concerned myself with the labels people want to put on you. What matters to me is my own estimation, and I'm very tough on myself. I need to be proud of what I've done and I work hard for it.The Artist has made you a household name across the world. Did you at all envisage such a massive global popularity for the film? The movie is universal I knew it would work all over but I surprised by the response.How do you plan to take this sudden surge of superstardom to the next level? To work on another silent movie with Jim Carrey !What is your next project? Hereafter I will shoot for Mobius, a romantic thriller set in the finance world, playing a spy opposite Cecile de France .How difficult was it to act without dialogues? It's not really different than a sound film. For you, it's a silent movie. For us, it's a talking movie because we had lines on set. There's a lot of noise on set and music. We spoke in English, in French, in gibberish.The Artiste is a revelation for all those movie-loving idiots like me who have never seen you work. Jean , where do you come from (and i don't mean that in any literal geographical sense) and where are you heading to? I began contemplating a career in acting while serving my mandatory military service. Thereafter I went on to work in OSS 117 . At present I have a lot of opportunity in France but may be this is the start of an American movie career for me.How did you bag the role of the pompous but affable silent star ? How did you approach the role? I think the first time Michel told me about the movie was between two takes during the filming of OSS 117, but I didn't believe him! You never know if Michel is serious! He gave me the script and I read it in one go and the first thought was that it was gutsy to have pursued his fantasy all the way. But then I was touched by the promise of the project and was really excited to work with Michel again.What preparations did you make before embarking on the journey charting the decline and redemption of your character Georg Valentine? I watched a lot of Douglas Fairbanks movies. He always played the same role with a mustache. Zorro had a mustache. The Musketeer had a mustache. Tarzan had a mustache. And I watched Gene Kelly for his smile, for his energy. Vittorio Gassman for his movement. Clark Gable for his mustache (laughs) And I watched Lassie who was happy as a dog.Your association with the director Michel Hazanavicius goes back a long way.Did that prolonged camaraderie with the director help you get the character so right? Michel and I work happily with irony, with pastiche, and here we had a story loaded with new developments and tons of action but mainly full of emotion. I think I am some kind of projection of his fantasy of himself as an actor ! He knows how to draw you very well, he lights you.This is the third film we've made together. We saw a lot of each other in the meantime, we're friends , but we always feel the need to win each other over.Did you study silent films and actors before playing this part? I knew Chaplin and Keaton, but thereal discovery was on seeing silent cinema, dramas like Sunrise and The Crowd , which were more minimal and had a real purity of performance. Valentin is based on Douglas Fairbanks, who was very happy in his own skin and content to make the same pantomime movie again and again. It was good to know there was another silent acting style to help build a bridge to modern audiences .Working on this film was very exciting .Are you aware of Indian cinema and actors? Have you watched any Indian films? No.Any plans of visiting India? Hopefully someday ......", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078494", "title": "Have open mind on EVMs: Court", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Don't keep a closed mind,\" the Bombay High Court admonished the State Election Commission (SEC) on Tuesday while hearing a petition alleging that electronic voting machines (EVM) can be tampered with and votes can be transferred through Bluetooth and WiFi.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode were hearing a petition filed by defeated Congress candidates from Pune-Sangeeta Tiwari, Trupti Desai and Kiran Bartakke. They said they had accepted their defeat and wanted to ensure that EVMs are foolproof.Their counsel Shirish Gupte and advocate Tejesh Dande said their clients were approached by a person from Bangalore with an actual EVM who demonstrated how it could be tampered with to get the desired results . SEC's advocate Sachin Shetye opposed the petition on the grounds that it challenges the election results.The judges said it was the duty of the EC to investigate such allegations . \"We are not asking the police to find out. You are an independent body. Is it not your duty to find out?\" asked Justice Kanade. Unlike in Mumbai, Pune has adopted the 'Prabhag Model' where a cluster of wards are clubbed together , and a citizen has to cast two votes. While the votes have to be equally cast for both candidates, the petitioners said they have data to prove that the votes are uneven.Justice Kanade asked the SEC why their minds were closed to the petitioners' argument. \"You are not a technical expert. Best of machines, best of computers and best of defence equipment can also be tampered ,\" he said, adding that it occurs even the US and other countries. The HC directed the SEC to investigate the possibility that EVMs can be tampered with and if so, to take remedial measures. It asked the SEC to file an affidavit after two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12075880", "title": "Bad roads in Hubli: stern action soon against engineers, officials", "text": "HUBLI: Deputy mayor Narayan Jartarghar has directed HDMC commissioner K V Trilokchandra to initiate stern action against the engineers and zonal officers, who have executed sub-standard quality road works in the twin cities.In the absence of mayor Poorna Patil, deputy mayor Narayan Jartarghar chaired the general body meeting of the corporation in HDMC on Tuesday. When the meeting started, the opposition party members took strong exception to the low quality road works executed by the officers in most of the wards in twin cities.Congress corporater Ganesh Tagargunti questioned the commissioner about the maintenance period of the roads which were developed under the special grant of Rs 100 crore. Congress members took the officers to task for not maintaining roads in good condition and for executing low standard quality works.While replying to the query, HDMC executive engineer South, S S Mannangi said that the maintenance period for the roads which were constructed by utilizing first 100 crore grants was one year while the maintenance period of the roads constructed under second grant was two years.BJP members urged the commissioner to initiate immediate stern action against the contractors who have failed to carry out quality road works in the twin cities. Due to low quality works, most of the exterior and interior roads have got damaged in the twin cities, which were upgraded by utilizing funds from the first Rs 100 crore grant.They also suggested the commissioner to inspect the roads to check the quality of the works executed by the contractors regularly. In replaying to the questions, commissioner K V Trilokchandra said that they have already started road works under the second-time sanctioned Rs 100 crore grant.\"Personally, I have inspected road works in some areas of the twin cities. Where works are not up to our expectations, we have issued show cause notices to the contractors and the zonal officers, seeking their explanation,\" he said. Commissioner assured that the contractors who will not stick to quality works will be included in the black list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12078401", "title": "Ease frisking: Imkong urges security forces", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland home minister Imkong L Imchen on Tuesday urged the security forces deployed in the state to relax frisking and checking on February 28, 29 and March 1 to facilitate free movement of delegates attending the proposed Naga Reconciliation Meet scheduled to be held in Dimapur on February 29.In an official statement, Imchen also expressed hope that such gestures would not disturb the security apparatus in the state in any manner, but rather contribute to the purpose of the convention. Besides the Ceasefire Ground Rules, every effort should be made to make the conclave a success, he said.The home minister also expressed happiness that the peace process is gaining momentum with the support of various sections of people, especially those under the banner of Forum for Naga Reconciliation (FNR). \"The Naga people's anxiety for peace is palpable and the response to the present reconciliation call on the February 29, 2012 is an evidence that the Naga people want peace to prevail,\" he added.It is significant to note that the Naga Reconciliation meet, under the banner of the FNR, is proposed to be held at Agri-Expo, Dimapur. The FNR has extended an open invitation to every Naga organization, group and individual to attend the conclave.In an official statement, Imchen also expressed hope that such gestures would not disturb the security apparatus in the state in any manner, but rather contribute to the purpose of the convention. Besides the Ceasefire Ground Rules, every effort should be made to make the conclave a success, he said.The home minister also expressed happiness that the peace process is gaining momentum with the support of various sections of people, especially those under the banner of Forum for Naga Reconciliation (FNR).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12076728", "title": "Bandh strikes no chord with Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The national strike call given by 11 major trade unions and supported by 5,000-odd smaller ones across the country on Tuesday came a cropper in Chennai. As against the unions' threats to paralyse road transport in the city, MTC buses plied right from the morning.\"I was worried that I may have to take leave because of the strike,\" said G S Balaji, a resident of Chromepet, who works in Parrys. \"I tried my luck and found my usual MTC bus on time.\"MTC staff confided there was no strong instruction from the unions, especially the prominent DMK-affiliated Labour Progressive Front. \"We were informed about the bandh, not instructed to strike work,\" said a driver attached to the K K Nagar depot.CITU, the CPM-affiliated union which tried to mobilise support among MTC staff, has 8,000 members of the 24,000 employees, but not many of them struck work.CITU state secretary A Soundarapandian said MTC forced employees to do a second shift, something which MTC officials did not deny. Officials said several of the employees volunteered to do double shift.Autorickshaws were fewer than usual, but that didn't seem to affect the commuter much. At the Chennai Central railway station, where the unions prevented autorickshaws from fetching alighting passengers, however, people with heavy baggage had a tough time.Many nationalised banks did not function, but customers carried out routine transactions through ATMs. \"I can't remember the last time I went to my bank branch,\" said R Mahesh, an oil company employee living in R A Puram. \"I do online transactions. As for cash, there is always an ATM.\"Members of railway unions SRMU and DREU raised slogans at stations, but the trains chugged on, not affecting suburban or long-distance services. As some electricity board unionists shortly stayed away from work, the power shutdown schedule was not strictly followed: Some areas had longer power cuts, while some others were pleasantly surprised to have supply during the scheduled outage hours.CITU state president R Singaravelu admitted that it was difficult to organise a strike in the transport sector without the support of the ruling party in the state. The leaders claimed that the ports in Chennai and Tuticorin were affected. Other trade union leaders agreed that though this was the first time such a large number of trade unions with diverse political affiliations were coming together, there was lack of coordination among them. \"The DMK-affiliated LPF was anyway not interested. Even within the leftist unions, there was no line of command,\" said a CITU leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "umiam (meghalaya)", "code": "12078315", "title": "Northeast to be self-sufficient in foodgrain by 2015, says ICAR", "text": "UMIAM (MEGHALAYA): Many north-eastern states will be self-sufficient in food grain production by 2015, a top official of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) said on Tuesday.\"By 2015, many foodgrain-deficit states like Mizoram, Meghalaya and Sikkim will be sufficient in foodgrain production,\" ICAR director (northeast) S V Ngachan said here addressing a workshop on strategies for climate-resilient agriculture in the region.The ICAR chief for north-eastern region was all praise for Nagaland which has achieved self sutainability in foodgrain production and for Assam , whose production has increased from 3.7 million tonnes in 2010-11 to 5 million tonnes in the current year.He said, \"Manipur, which was once a foodgrain-deficit state, will also cross the surplus marks in production. Production of fruits and vegetables in NE is on the surplus side and on a par with the national average.\"According to the ICAR director all NE states are advancing towards foodgrain productivity this year. He said, \"By 2020, we will achieve a self-sustainability in food production,\" a target which the Centre has appreciated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12078701", "title": "Threat keeps Writers\u2019 running", "text": "Administrator Mamata Banerjee broke the Left Front norm on Tuesday by offering people the right to choose on a bandh day. Her government provided transport - buses, trams, Metro and trains - and left it to individuals to go to work or stay at home. It's another matter that most of the city took a day off and it turned out to be a work day only for government staff, who had it the easiest on earlier bandhs.Faced with the threat of a break in service, government employees camped in overnight or set off for work in the wee hours of Tuesday. \"The attendance in Writers' Buildings is between 98% and 100%, barring two departments,\" Mamata announced.But the roads were deserted, shops closed, and attendance sparse in private offices. Leader of the Opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra said that the general strike was a success. \"People did not cow down before the service break threat. She (the CM) will have to think 10 times before taking steps against those who participated in the strike,\" he said, wondering why Mamata was so \"desperate\" to foil the strike. \"I fail to understand her motive. The charter of demands of the strike include opposition to the entry of multinationals in retail trade that the chief minister is also opposed to. Her stance has only exposed her real face,\" Mishra said.While trade union leaders, such as Citu state secretary and CPM Rajya Sabha member Shyamal Chakrabarty, revelled in the \"spontaneous public response \" to the strike call they seemed to be reading much into the low turnout. It was, in fact, the fear of violence that forced people to stay indoors. Here is where Trinamool Congress failed, politically.The ruling party trapped itself in a showdown with bandh supporters and went to the extent of intimidating shopkeepers , autorickshaw operators and officegoers . The strongarm tactic at the grassroots only fuelled the fear. It was not without reason, given the clashes and killings in the districts in the run-up to the strike.And violence did break out. Bullets flew in front of a school in Rajarhat when Trinamool and CPM supporters clashed over whether or not to allow the teachers who had come to take classes. More than 10 persons were injured, seven of them CPM men.In south Kolkata, a Trinamool mob ransacked the CPM zonal committee office at Gangulybagan, which was the nerve centre of former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee's election campaign last year. The mob beat up journalists as well. What's more shocking, policeman Tarak Das joined the Trinamool ranks in assaulting the mediapersons.Mamata Banerjee was quick to defend her party workers, alleging that it was a \"cooked up\" incident ignoring the fact that the assault had been beamed live on TV channels. Reports of clashes poured in from North 24-Parganas , Purulia, West Midnapore , Malda and Jalpaiguri districts, leaving no doubt of what is in store in the days to come. It clearly indicates that political leaders - be it Mamata Banerjee or Surjyakanta Mishra - are failing to rein in party workers.And it is apparent that the change in administrative stance has not brought about a change in the politics of hegemony despite the fact that Trinamool and CPM have lost a total 90 lives in such gory clashes. Political observers feel that the violence in the districts is likely to continue till the coming panchayat polls as both parties are desperate to get an edge over each other. After all, it is the panchayat tally that determinespolitics in Bengal -the downslide of CPM began with the 2008 panchayat polls. The fear factor apart, Kolkatans are yet to get over the old attitude of enjoying a holiday as soon as a bandh is called, whereas people in other metros, such as Mumbai, get back to normal within hours of a terrorist attack. Old habits die hard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12077622", "title": "Now, Mormon church in US baptises Mahatma Gandhi", "text": "WASHINGTON: Mahatma Gandhi has been baptised in proxy by a US church, drawing sharp reaction from his grandson and others.Gandhi was baptised by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS), headquartered in Salt Lake City in Utah on March 27, 1996; the confirmation of which was completed on November 17, 2007 at Sao Paulo Brazil Temple, according to researcher Helen Radkey.The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS) is more popularly known as Mormon Church, one of the fastest growing churches in the US.Radkey, who has now been excommunicated by the Mormons , made the revelation in an e-mail to Nevada-based Hindu activist, Rajan Zed.In the email, Radkey, who is from Salt Lake City, said she viewed the record on baptism of Gandhi on February 16 but it had since disappeared and was no longer available in the database of the church.It was unusual for a record to vanish, said Radkey, who of late has been in news because of bringing out in the public similar unknown facts and secrets of the Mormon Church.\"I have not come across other Indian leaders baptised by Mormons. My copies of the Gandhi record are dated February 16, 2012. The record disappeared shortly after that date. I assume Mormons did not want others to know about Gandhi's baptism,\" she said.Arun Gandhi, a grandson of Gandhi who lives in Up State New York, told The Huffington Post that he was \"surprised\" to hear about the posthumous baptism. \"It bothers me in the sense that people are doing something when a person is dead and gone and there is nobody to answer for that person. That's not the right thing to do,\" he was quoted as saying.Arun, who teaches nonviolence in the US, noted that his grandfather was against proselytizing of any kind, whether it involved Hindus or others.\"He thought people must decide for themselves which religion they want to follow and they should follow that religion. It's not up to others to force them. He was respectful of all the religions.\" Suhag Shukla of Washington-based Hindu America Foundation said, \"The proxy baptism of Gandhi is deeply offensive, not only to Gandhi's legacy as a devout Hindu, but to Hindus world over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12078106", "title": "Doctors remove screwdriver from woman's skull", "text": "MADURAI: Doctors at the Meenakshi Mission Hospital and Research Centre have performed a rare surgery on a woman into whose skull a screwdriver was pushed by her husband during a quarrel. The 35-year-old woman is now free of the intrusion after a complicated surgery and is all set to go home.Speaking to media persons on Tuesday, Dr K Selvamuthukumaran, senior consultant neurosurgeon of the centre said the woman had come to the hospital from Theni where the assault had taken place. She was going through periods of consciousness and unconsciousness as her husband had attacked her so violently that the screwdriver had gone through her right nostril and entered the left side of the brain. The impact had left the woman weak and movements of her upper and lower body were slowing down. She was also not responding when others spoke to her. A CT scan was performed and the team of doctors including doctors K Bagathsingh, S Lakshmi, D Kannan and J Rajesh removed the 15-cm-long screwdriver after a five-hour surgery.As it had entered the brain, the recovery and status of the patient could be assessed only after she was taken out of ICU.On Tuesday, two weeks after the incident and also the surgery, she is on her way to full recovery and is expected to be released sometime this week. Though she had gained full control of her body movements and was able to walk, she has not regained her speech yet. This is because the left side of the brain is responsible for speaking and this was where the tool entered. But Dr Selvamuthukumaran said they were confident she would regain her speech through regular therapy. but that they could not set a time frame for that recovery as it would take place slowly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077692", "title": "Infosys, MADC deal on March 4", "text": "NAGPUR: The function to formally ink the pact between IT major Infosys and Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC), the developer of Mihan-SEZ, has been postponed to March 4. The function, which was supposed to be held in Mumbai on February 28, will now be held in Nagpur. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will be the chief guest.The change in plan was confirmed by MADC's project manager SV Chahande. He said the function was rescheduled as Chavan, who is also the MADC chief, wanted the function to be held in Nagpur.Infosys will be acquiring 140 acres of land in Mihan SEZ making it the latest investor in the zone. Talks succeeded after MADC pursued the company for a long time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078157", "title": "2002 riots not spontaneous: Study", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The then Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) chief K K Shastri praised members of Scheduled Castes for their participation in anti-Muslim violence in 2002. Till date, it is a common perception that Muslims were killed in tribal areas as well as in those places having sizable population of SCs.However, a research conducted at the Oxford University reveals that the reality was different. In their Oxford Working Paper that is scheduled to be published in the top-ranking American journal 'Politics &amp; Society', Raheel Dhattiwala and Michael Biggs of the University's Department of Sociology conclude that contrary to common perception, places in Gujarat which had a higher proportion of SCs and STs in the population experienced fewer killings during the 2002 violence. For example, killings were more likely in places where SCs and STs were fewer in comparison with total population like Visnagar (5%) and Himmatnagar (3%) respectively. Towns where SCs and STs were in sizeable proportion, like Tharad (25%) or Jhalod (47%), had fewer killings.\"Findings provide an important corrective to studies that emphasize SCs and STs as perpetrators of violence, because we find that places with a higher proportion of these groups tended to have fewer killings. While there is no necessary contradiction, we suggest that the Sangh Parivar's attempts at Hindutvaisation - branding Muslims as oppressors of SCs/STs - were most likely to succeed when these subordinated groups were too small a minority to forge their own class or clan interests,\" the researchers conclude.Component IIViolence more severe where BJP fancied its chances: StudyAHMEDABAD: Killings were least likely in those places where the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) chances of winning a seat in the 2002 assembly elections were either very poor or very high.The killings took place mostly in places where the BJP had to put up tough battle. \"Muslims were most vulnerable where the BJP had about 36% of the vote (in 1998), where the party had a chance to win in the 2002 election, but where victory was far from assured,\" the paper reads. Lethal violence was low in districts, like Bhavnagar, Navsari and Porbandar, where the BJP had a strong hold in the previous 1998 election. Violence was also low in the Dang and Narmada where BJP did not fare well in 1998. It was in places like Sabarkantha, Anand and Kheda, where BJP had about 36% of vote in 1998, that most killings took place. This is further endorsed by a finding that suggests violence was less likely in places that had a BJP MLA i.e. on average, the BJP was not targeting their own constituencies.In addition, the study provides evidence that violence benefited the BJP in the 2002 elections. For example, the BJP's vote increased substantially in districts where the violence was severe, like Panchmahal, and declined in districts like Surendranagar which was peaceful. \"By implication, the party had the power to prevent as well as inflame violence...there is strong quantitative evidence that violence did in fact yield electoral rewards for the BJP.\"The research uses systematic quantitative methods adopted earlier by the likes of Steven Wilkinson of Yale University , where violent places are compared with peaceful places to determine the cause of the violence. While the findings of the Oxford paper endorse previous studies that link electoral politics to the 2002 post-Godhra violence, the study takes account of several other possible factors in its analysis. The data was compiled from The Times of India archives.Biggs explains, \"We would expect the violence to be worst where the BJP was strong. What is surprising in our findings is that districts with strong BJP had little violence. Controlling for other factors, areas with BJP vote around 35-40% had the greatest violence - these were where it faced high competition for votes. The new finding of a negative effect for BJP MLA reinforces this point. We would like to reiterate that our analysis also takes into account many other factors that led to violence - such as underemployment, the number of Muslims, etc. So we can identify the specific effect of BJP, which cannot be judged by taking one or two well-known instances of violence.\"Among other findings is that, contrary to expectations, literacy \"did not reduce violence and indeed possibly increased it\". Literacy can be equated with development, which implies there is no indication, then, that development reduces violence.Places with high underemployment i.e. 'marginal workers', were likely to have more violence, such as rural areas of Panchmahal (19.9% underemployment) compared to rural areas of Bharuch (9.4% underemployment).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12077973", "title": "Woman trapped in hydraulic press, dies", "text": "BANGALORE: A 50-year-old woman was crushed to death after she was trapped in a hydraulic pressure press at her workplace off Magadi Road on Tuesday.A resident of Bhuvaneshwarinagar in KP Agrahara, Puttalingamma worked as a hel per in KGN Engineering off Magadi Road The factory was into production of auto mobile spares.Police said Puttalingamma was working on the hydraulic pressure press at 4.30pm when her sari got stuck in the machine and she was sucked into it. But by the time her colleagues could stop the machine, Put talingamma had died. Magadi Road police have registered a case against the supervi sor and the factory owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "2002 riots and sadbhavana fasts rocked the state assembly on tuesday. gpcc president arjun modhwadia called upon chief minister narendra modi to show some sadbhavana to the riots victims. modhwadia said the maharaja of bhavnagar had once conquered savarkundla. after this incident, the dethroned ruler of savarkundla revolted against the maharaja of bhavnagar. however, in case of a death of a family member at the maharaja's place, the dethroned ruler went to pay homage. he said", "code": "12078236", "title": "A sadbhavana tale for 'king'", "text": "2002 riots and Sadbhavana fasts rocked the state assembly on Tuesday. GPCC president Arjun Modhwadia called upon chief minister Narendra Modi to show some Sadbhavana to the riots victims. Modhwadia said the Maharaja of Bhavnagar had once conquered Savarkundla. After this incident, the dethroned ruler of Savarkundla revolted against the Maharaja of Bhavnagar. However, in case of a death of a family member at the Maharaja's place, the dethroned ruler went to pay homage. He said: \"Our present king does not have time to share the grief of the victims including Dara Mody and Rupa Mody who lost their son in the riots.\" tnn.Rupa Mody and Dara Mody whose son is missing since 2002, had asked the 'king' to offer condolence for the incident. But our present king has no time to show Sadbhavana towards these riots victims.\"Quoting an incident of the erstwhile rulers of Bhavnagar, he said in the past, even enemies used to pay homage in case of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12075583", "title": "Cash-strapped govt to cut defence spending?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with deteriorating finances, the government has decided on an unusual step: cutting the defence budget for this year.According to sources, the Centre has proposed a cut of \"a few thousand crores\" in the defence budget for 2011-12. The Centre has never cut budget allocation for the military in recent years, even though the defence ministry has surrendered unspent money to the government several times in the past.Sources said the \"reluctant\" move was prompted by acute fiscal distress, thanks to a huge shortfall in tax collection and disinvestment, as well as miscalculation of subsidies.It is the first time in recent memory that the government is cutting the defence budget in the middle of a financial year. Last financial year, 2010-11, the ministry had overshot the budget by Rs 4,237.69 crore. In the years before that, the ministry had on several occasions surrendered capital budget allocations, failing to spend them in time. But never has the government introduced a budget cut before the financial year is over.The government's decision is unusual for many reasons. One, the defence budget for 2011-12 was only 8.47% over the previous year because the revised budget had overshot the allocation. Second, the ministry is in the final stages of several contract negotiations.Accordingly, sources said the government would proceed cautiously in approving new defence contracts in the current financial year, ending March 31. \"We are not stalling modernization, we are going ahead with all contracts as planned,\" an official said. However, he admitted that the proposed cut in defence budget could mean at least a few purchases may have to be delayed to the next financial year starting on April 1.The last quarter of the financial year is usually the busiest season for the defence ministry in terms of purchases. A large number of contracts are cleared in the final quarter. However, the \"saving grace\" is that this year, the ministry had already committed a significant portion of the capital budget meant for new purchases in the first three quarters, another source said.The defence budget for 2011-12 presented in Parliament on February 28 last year was Rs 1.64 lakh crore. It was believed that the allocation was a sign of the government's efforts to insulate defence modernization from steps for fiscal austerity. The capital budget was Rs 69,199 crore, meant for new purchases. It is from this capital allocation that the government will be cutting a few thousand crores.The unusual move to cut the defence budget, which will be reflected in the papers to be tabled in Parliament in the coming budget session starting on March 12, is reflective of the larger fiscal problems facing the government.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12078599", "title": "Borude case: Girl\u2019s home in Powai lies empty", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of Filterpada , a slum in Powai , take no time giving directions to the residences of the people connected to the \"Borude wala case\" . They point through labyrinthine lanes to the home of acquitted accused Shantabai Gaikwad, which is a minute's walk away from the alleged rape victim's house. Encased by three other kholis , the girl's dwelling is a small room with a mezzanine floor that holds another room . For the last many months , it has been inhabited by the girl's mother , Aminabi , and her maternal uncle . On Tuesday , though , it stood empty .Neighbours said Aminabi (65) left early Tuesday morning to visit her relatives in Govandi . The alleged victim , for now , is in a remand home in Mankhurd since it was believed that she was 15 when the rape case was filed in November 2010.A day after a sessions court acquitted the three accused in the case , locals said they only have a faint recollection of the girl whom they last saw in October 2010 after she gave birth to a child. \"She has not been brought here since then . The mother lives here and is occasionally visited by her other children . One of her granddaughters stays with her sometimes ,\" said a woman who lives in the dwelling opposite the alleged victim's . \"Aminabi rarely interacts with us. When we question her about the girl , she says that she has not been released by the court ,\" said another neighbour .Some neighbours seemed unconcerned about the case . They called the girl's family \"suspicious\" and \"dubious\" . \"No one really knows what goes on in that house,\" said Gita Sharma who lives close to Gaikwad's house.Aminabi , in her statement to the court , said she had married thrice but could not recall the wedding dates or the birth dates of her six children . She also said that she used to work as a housemaid and lived with her three daughters , a son , a daughterin-law and a granddaughter . Aminabi told the court that her daughter loved hotel food and used to earn her own pocket money . Of the Gaikwads , she said that they were family friends and that the girl used to frequent their house to watch television .Recalling the day the girl gave birth in a \"mori \" (washing area ), a local woman said : \"It was Durga Pooja and we were preparing for the deity's immersion , when suddenly we heard a scream and then a baby's wail . No one knew the girl was pregnant . She was kept isolated for months and when questioned , Aminabi would say that she was in Govandi .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076349", "title": "Norway standoff ends, uncle to get NRI kids\u2019 custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: Norway's Child Welfare Service (CWS) on Tuesday announced that it had decided to award the care of two Indian children to their uncle, allowing him to take them back home. The move marked a victory for the aggrieved parents of Aishwarya (1) and old Abhigyan (3) as well as those who rallied behind them in their fight against the `insensitive' ways of Norwegian authorities.The announcement came after what was described as satisfactory talks between India's special envoy Madhusudhan Ganapathi and Norwegian authorities. Ganapathi, secretary (West) in the MEA was sent to Norway to clinch a resolution of the dispute over the heartrending manner in which Aishwarya and Abhigyan were taken away from their parents - Sagarika and Anurup Bhattacharya -because they had `neglected' the children.CWS' stance was seen as a \"breakthrough\" for the Bhattacharyas and their sympathizers.In a statement, CWS said that this arrangement would be subject to their ensuring necessary legal framework and follow-up procedures ``in order to safeguard the children's best interests and enable the uncle to deal with the situation in the best possible way''.CWS said that the proposed solution will be presented to Stavanger District Court that will take the final decision in the case. ``The provisional date for the hearing has been set for 23 March,'' it said.Foreign minister S M Krishna had on Tuesday morning met the grandparents of the children and assured them that the government would do all it can to get the children repatriated.Justifying its decision to extend residence permits for the children, the CWS said that this was a ``practical technicality\" as it is seeking to keep the children in Norway ``for longer than is necessary to arrive at a satisfactory solution to the case''.The Norwegian authorities, it said, will ask India to ensure the necessary follow-up for the children in the event of their return to India. ``In order to process the case concerning the two Indian children, who were taken into the care of Stavanger municipality and placed in a Norwegian foster home, the Child Welfare Service has had to apply for an extension to the children's residence permits,'' it said.Accusing the NRI couple of negligence, Norwegian child welfare officials had in last May placed Aishwarya and Abhigyan in foster care. Norwegian authorities claimed that the children were living with an Indian family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077643", "title": "\u2018Allowing beef exports not plan panel\u2019s view\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: The Planning Commission has allayed fears of animal welfare activists on the recent working group report on animal husbandry and dairying (2012-17) recommending to lift ban on beef exports from India.\"The recommendation should not be considered as the view of plan panel,\" said Surinder Singh, adviser to the planning commission, while talking to TOI from Delhi.On Monday, Abhishek Kadyan, animal welfare activists led by media adviser of the UN-affiliated International Organisation for Animal Protection ( OIPA) in India, and others delivered a protest petition to Singh against the working group's recommendation lifting ban on beef exports.Singh said there are over 100-150 working groups for various sectors that keep on making various recommendations. \"It is not necessary that the plan panel accepts all such recommendations,\" Singh made it clear.\"Once the group's recommendations are accepted, a plan document is prepared. It is then forwarded to the steering committee of the government before being forwarded to the National Development Council ( NDC) consisting of state chief ministers,\" Singh said.Kadyan says the Constitution clearly underlines the importance of cow and its protection. Article 48 under the directive principles of the state policy for agriculture and animal husbandry reads: \"The state shall endeavour to organize agriculture and animal husbandry on modern and scientific lines and shall, in particular, take steps for preserving and improving the breeds and prohibiting slaughter of cows and calves and other milk and draught cattle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078373", "title": "Gujarat needs sustainable agri growth: Y K Alagh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Emphasizing the need for achieving faster agricultural growth in Gujarat, Dr Y K Alagh, chairman, Institute of Rural Management Anand said that the state needs to increase the area under oilseeds and pulses.Alagh pointed out that while cotton is one of the few successful commercial crops, the area under cereals and pulses has decreased. \"We have to plan for other crops focusing on short-term and long-term seed policies and develop seed production plans for pulses, cereals, vegetables etc,\" he said during a seminar on sustainable agriculture titled 'Sustainable Growth: The Next Level - Innovating, partnering and sharing'.The seminar was organized by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) on Tuesday. The event was organized to collaboratively develop an agriculture vision for 2020 and work out sustainable solutions through farmer education, use of higher-yielding inputs, processing, supply-chain linkages, end-user industries and newer approaches to overcome farming challenges and make Gujarat a state with a robust infrastructure for agriculture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12079204", "title": "Man who slapped Pawar under attack", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ever since he publicly slapped former telecom minister Sukhram and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar in November last year, Harvinder Singh has been fair game for goons who threaten, abduct and thrash him at will for his \"social work\" .Only three days ago, the 26-year-old was abducted near Rithala Metro station in a car, thrashed and dumped outside a hospital in Rohini.After two months of harassment and beatings - Singh got bail mid-December - police registered a case on Tuesday after TOI took up the issue.The attacks began on January 15, Singh told TOI at a secret location in northwest Delhi . \"On that night, I was attacked by five to six people near my house. The men beat me with hockey sticks and metal rods. I sustained severe injuries and was admitted to hospital,\" he said. \"I went to the senior district officers with a copy of the medical certificate but nobody paid attention.\"After being attacked by five people on January 15, Singh was visited by another group of men in February. \"Around four people came to my house at 11.30pm and started hurling abuses. My family got scared and did not open the door. We approached police the next day, but no action was taken,\" said Singh. He lives with his parents and a brother.On February 25, Singh was abducted in a car near Rithala Metro station. \"The men blindfolded me and took me somewhere in Rajauri Garden. They thrashed me and threatened to hand me over to the police by planting a gun on me.Later they dumped me at Ambedkar Hospital in Rohini and fled. I again sought police help but to no avail,\" he said. The trouble worsened, Singh claimed, with the local councillor elections nearing, as party workers asked him to join them or face retaliation.Singh pointed to a photo of Bhagat Singh in his transport company office and said he wasn't deterred, not after jail and a stint at a mental hospital . Nor does he regret his actions . \"I am not scared. I follow him and I will not be afraid of consequences. If these attackers think they will be able to suppress my voice, they are mistaken,\" he said.Till last reports, police were in the process of registering a case after recording Singh's statement. Cops assured that steps would be taken to ensure he wasn't harmed in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077819", "title": "Ajni coaching complex will ease congestion at Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: With Nagpur city growing, there is ever increasing demand for new trains to various destinations. Now that Ajni coaching complex is almost ready, rail users can expect some of them to be fulfilled in future.P D Patil, PRO for Central Railway Nagpur division, claimed that almost 90% work on it has been done. \"Built at the cost of Rs 8.79 crore, it includes a pit line that can maintain a 26-coach train. The intermediate overhauling (IOH) shed for coaches and service building is also ready. Some minor works like fitting of valves and painting remain to be done and they will be completed soon,\" Patil stressed.Work on the coaching complex started amid fanfare on May 13, 2009. The project was expected to be commissioned in December 2010 when funds crunch delayed it. \"The augmentation of coach maintenance facilities at Ajni is not only crucial from passengers point of view but also from railways and city's development. The project will be in addition to existing coach maintenance facilities at Nagpur station. \"It means additional passenger trains for Nagpur in future,\" a senior railway official told TOI.\"At present, we maintain five passenger trains at two pit lines at Nagpur station. The new pit line at Ajni will help maintain around 3-4 more trains. Some new trains may be started from Ajni thus easing congestion at Nagpur station,\" said Patil.The project seems to be curtailed by Central Railway probably due to funds crunch. Then divisional railway manager (DRM) A K Kapoor had said the complex would come up in three parts. The first part would be an IOH facility for coaches with two pit lines. However, only one pit line has been constructed. Patil explained the project had not been curtailed but has been phased. \"When the need is felt, another pit line will be in place,\" he added. The requirement of Nagpur Central Railway is around 30 coaches per month while the capacity of Ajni complex will be for 60 coaches. The IOH of coaches is done every nine months. Nagpur will be the third division after Mumbai and Pune in the Central Railway to have such a facility.Patil informed that the new IOH facility at Ajni was hi-tech one. There will be pathways to shift linen and other material. The IOH shed will have electrically operated overhead cranes and hydraulic jack system, platform trucks and other equipment. The coaches will be cleaned using high pressure jets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12077363", "title": "New IITs yet to get govt approval, students in a spot", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hundreds of students entered the new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs), set up in 2008 expecting a bright future for themselves.But their dreams have hit a roadblock, even as the first batch of BTech students is set to graduate in May. The new institutes are yet to be approved as IITs by the Parliament. As a result, the students graduating this year will not get an IIT degree for the time being.All IITs are governed by the Institutes of Technology Act, 1961. The Act declares them as 'institutions of national importance' and specifies their framework for governance, powers and duties. The Gandhinagar campus was among the six IITs set up in 2008. Another two were added the next year.While the Lok Sabha passed the bill for incorporating the new IITs under the act, it is yet to be cleared by Rajya Sabha. Because of the uncertainty, the IITs are unable to fix a date for their first convocation. Traditionally, IITs host their annual convocations in August.\"We are hoping the Parliament moves quickly,\" said a director of one of the new IITs. \"It takes time to plan a convocation that meets IIT standards.\"The first batch of 30 MTech students of IIT Hyderabad graduated in 2011. The students are waiting for their degree certificates.Uday Desai, director IIT Hyderabad, said, \"We have given the students provisional degree certificates for the time being. With the Lok Savha having cleared the bill, half the job is done. We hope that the Rajya Sabha clears the bill this time.\" A total of 160 students will be graduating from the IIT Hyderabad this year.Some 600 under-graduate and post-graduate students will be passing out from the new IITs this year. IIT-Gandhinagar has 88 undergraduate students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12076576", "title": "Students, scientists celebrate 84 years of 'Raman Effect'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Seminars, lectures and interactive meets marked National Science Day, which was celebrated by several institutions, universities and colleges in the city on Tuesday. The day is celebrated in India every year on February 28 to mark the discovery of 'Raman Effect' by Nobel laureate CV Raman.At a function organised by Indian Institute of Toxicology Research (IITR), Lucknow, renowned cardiologist of the city Dr Mansoor Hasan delivered a popular lecture on 'CAD a gathering storm-an impending tsunami'. He said that cardio vascular diseases are coming to India like a tsunami and by 2020, India will be at the topmost position in terms of cardiac and diabetic patients. He discussed about recent advances made in diagnostic techniques of cardiac diseases.This year Amity University celebrated the event to nurture scientific and innovative temper in students as well as faculty members. The focal theme of this year was 'Clean energy options and nuclear safety'. Prof Kripa Shankar, vice-chancellor of GB Technical University, Lucknow and PK Seth, director, Biotechnology Park were the guests of honour on this occasion. Prof Kripa Shankar in his lecture enlightened the students on renewable energy and energy efficiency, while PK Seth spoke on growing biotech sector in India and emerging status of India in the field of biotechnology.The four-day long National Science Day celebrations concluded at Regional Science City with the lecture delivered by BN Dhawan, former director, Central Drug Research Institute (CDRI). He motivated the students to take lessons from the lives of eminent Indian scientists like Aryabhatta, Ramanujam, Sushrut and Charak. He said that these scientists had a sharp vision and observation with the help of which they were able to make significant contributions to science irrespective of the limited facilities available to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12076784", "title": "Former minister Srikumar Mukherjee assaulted", "text": "MALDA: Former minister Srikumar Mukherjee was assaulted by some Congress and Trinamool Congress activists in Malda on Tuesday morning.Police remained mute spectators as Congress and Trinamool activists heckled and assaulted the former minister of civil defence at Post Office Crossing.The incident took place around 11am when the CPI leader went to the spot to talk to a group of people staging a demonstration there.All on a sudden a joint motorcycle rally of Congress and Trinamool reached there and started shouting anti-strike slogans. Congress councillor Ashis Kundu and Trinamool youth leader Kalyan Moulik shouted slogans against Mukherjee. Using filthy words, they pushed the former minister aside. Supporters of CPI and CPM came to his rescue.A police van was standing just a few meters away. English Bazar IC Jahar Jyoti Roy, however, said police were not present there. \"We got no complaint from Mukherjee in this regard,\" he added.While talking to TOI Mukherjee later said, \"The vandalism of Congress and TMC was seen by everyone present there. Police were standing just 5 meters away watching everything. So I found no reason to lodge any complaint.\"In fact the role of police along with the active role of TMC-Congress workers drew the wrath of opposition today. While TMC-Congress activists were on streets to break the strike violating Chief Minister's directive, police allegedly resorted to highhandedness.CPM district leader Jiban Maitra said, \"Police were out to break the strike today in support of TMC without taking their flags at hand.\" Altogether 580 strike supporters were arrested today from different parts of the district. District Magistrate Archana claimed that there was 98% presence in the govt offices today.Ramapada Chatterjee, district Co-ordination committee secretary, alleged of the pressure created by the administration to attend the office today. \"In number of offices, behind the locked door workers were forced to sign on plain papers to show the attendance. In fact many a workers could not bear the pressure from the district administration fearing their future\", said Chatterjee.The worst sufferers were the school teachers most of whom had to attend schools owing to the pressure from District Inspector of Schools. However, in none of the schools of the district students chose to go.Amlan Bhaduri, district TMC leader, however, claimed the strike as a total failure as people spontaneously came out of their homes. He alleged, \"SFI workers had snatched away the attendance register of Malda College denying the teachers to sign.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12078123", "title": "What an ugly dump has this canal turned into!", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's no better than a garbage dump. Though there are signboards all along the Sidhwan Canal warning residents against throwing waste in it, the water-body is brimming with industrial and residential refuse.Running through the heart of Ludhiana, Sidhwan could have been a picture-perfect spot for recreational activities. Instead, it has been reduced to a mere dumping zone and an eyesore. In a bid to dissuade people from disposing of their garbage in the canal, municipal authorities had announced a strict penalty on those caught in the act. However, not even a single person is reported to have been fined.The maintenance and cleanliness of the canal comes under district irrigation department but according to its officials, lack of regular funds has hampered work. Sources said the authorities had started a cleanup operation in May 2009 following the intervention of Punjab and Haryana high court but there has been no check on the work.Passing the buck, in charge of canals and drains in district irrigation department Surinder Singh Saini said, \"It is municipal corporation's responsibility to clear garbage from the side and stop people from throwing anything inside. Canal water is used for irrigation of fields but these days we have stopped the practice due to construction work on the southern bypass.\"Regarding funds for cleanliness, he added, \"We ask the government for money but it is up to them whether to allocate funds or not.\" Claiming that MC was doing its duty properly, its commissioner M S Jaggi said, \"Garbage is regularly lifted from the banks but residents fail to do their bit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12076531", "title": "'Temporary cop station on reserved plot okay'", "text": "The Bombay High Court on Tuesday ruled that there is no fault with the permission given by the civic chief to construct a temporary police station on a plot reserved for public amenities at Deonar. , ruled the Bombay High Court on Tuesday.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by a housing society stating that a full-fledged police station operational on a plot was using the society's access road. The judges rejected their submission that in a plot reserved for public amenities, a police station could not be permitted temporary use. They directed the police commissioner, if he has not done, to give undertaking to remove the construction at the expiry of time-limit from 6 months maximum upto 3 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077667", "title": "MSRTC to hire psychologists to counsel drivers", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) will soon engage trained counselors on an honorary basis for providing counseling services to its staffers, mainly bus drivers and conductors, at various depots across the state.The corporation has released advertisements inviting applications for 63 honorary posts of psychological counselors. More counselors are to be engaged after the initial posting of these 63 candidates, senior MSRTC officials said.The move comes in the wake of the recent incident of rogue ST bus driver Santosh Mane's murderous drive through the busy roads of Pune city that claimed the lives of nine people and left 31 injured on January 25. This is for the first time in the MSRCT's 63 years of existence that it will hire professional counseling service providers.An MSRTC official said, \"The idea is to post one counselor for three to four ST bus depots in a given area. The hiring process has begun and we expect to complete the same in the next couple of months. Counselors having a post-graduate degree in psychology will be hired on an honorarium basis.\"As per the plan, the counselors will regularly visit their assigned depots to conduct interactive sessions with drivers, conductors, workers, controllers, and also with top officials at the depot.During one-on-one sessions with workers, the counselor will primarily discuss various issues like working conditions for employees, problems being faced by them and the mental stress at work. The counselor will maintain a separate record of each employee. If required, the employee will be provided further assistance in terms of psychological treatment based on counseling feedback, the official said.After the Mane incident, the MSRTC can barely afford to take any risk vis-a-vis stress at work for its employees, the official said.\"Various steps are already being taken to provide upgraded facilities and rest-rooms for drivers, conductors and workers. Hiring of counselors is one such step in maintaining healthy and stress-free environment at work,\" he added.The MSRTC has also planned Yoga sessions for their employees. An official said that such sessions would give relief from mental stress and guide employees to good health. Sessions are expected to begin in the next few days in some ST depots in Pune division.Widening of Swargate terminusMSRTC is considering widening of the Swargate bus terminus entrance along the Satara Road. From Tuesday, the MSRTC introduced a change in the entry-exit of buses at the terminus. The gate at Satara Road is being used for entry and exit of buses. Officials are considering widening it further by at least 30 to 40 metres to streamline the traffic and provide a pathway for commuters to enter the terminus. Swargate registers entry and exit of total 1,740 buses in a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12080746", "title": "Dibakar Banerjee is dreaming \u2018Shanghai\u2019", "text": "Shanghai, which is based on the 1969 Costa-Gavras' French movie Z.Shanghai is already doing the rounds of being the biggest thriller of the year. With actors like Abhay Deol , Emraan Hashmi and Kalki Koechlin the film is creating enough buzz in the industry. The film will also see the comeback of the power house Bengali actor Prosenjit Chatterjee, who'll be seen in a Hindi film after 21 years.Abhay, who will be working with Banerjee for the second time, said \"Dibakar is one of the finest directors of Bollywood. I had the opportunity to work with him in Oye Lucky Lucky Oye. I love the way he creates his own world through his scripts. He has a brilliant way of telling stories\".Commenting on the faith that the actors have shown, Dibakar said, \"I'm happy that these guys trusted my script and went with their gut, doing a 180 degree turn-around with their existing images. Who'd have imagined Abhay playing a South Indian, sporting a moustache, or Emraan moving totally away from his romantic image? Besides these, I also think actor Prosenjit, and Kalki Koechlin are also brilliant\".He further said, \"I have been stunned by the performances from our stars and our character artistes. I can safely say that all preconceived notions that people have about both Abhay and Emraan are going to be shattered by this movie.\" He is confident that with the story line and the brilliant performance, Shanghai will be his best movie yet.Unlike his previous films, Shanghai is probably the most talked about film of 2012. Dibakar is leaving no stones unturned to ensure that the movie surpasses all criticisms and becomes the blockbuster of the year.Produced by PVR Pictures, Shanghai is slated to release on June 8, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077451", "title": "Sulking MSRTC allowing only 3 buses into Mor Bhavan", "text": "NAGPUR: The first full day of city bus operation at Mor Bhavan was a big success even though Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) continued to sulk about having to share the terminus. Asked to allot three bus bays for city buses, MSRTC officials insisted they would only allow three buses at a time into the terminus.Still, city buses started from plying from Mor Bhavan at 6.10 am on Tuesday for Hingna, Defence and Kamptee. There were no other obstacles as city buses plied from Bay Nos 5, 6 and 7. Fortunately, the buses of MSRTC and Starbuses completed the day without any tussle or controversies.City bus operator Vansh Nimay's manager Mahesh Kandhalkar told TOI 52 buses were assigned to operate from Mor Bhavan. By 11 pm, they had completed 520 trips in all on the three routes. Stickers were pasted inside the buses highlighting their operation from Mor Bhavan for the information of passengers. Guards also guided the passengers standing on roads, he said.The move had an immediate effect on Sitabuldi traffic. With many commuters moving inside Mor Bhavan, there was less congestion between Jhansi Rani square and Variety square. The entire premises of Mor Bhavan was flooded with people, just like in old days.NMC officials were sore over MSRTC restriction of three buses at a time. \"Three bays are allotted to us. It does not mean only three buses can come inside at a time. The frequency on these routes is very high. The buses run without any gap. We have to keep additional buses ready. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal will be taking up the matter with MSRTC,\" said an official.MSRTC has also asked for time before allowing parking of buses inside Mor Bhavan at night. \"MSRTC officials said some construction material was lying inside the terminus. NMC has decided to park around 100 buses at night inside. The threat to city buses will be minimized if they are parked inside,\" said Kandhalkar. Over 100 city buses are parked at Kasturchand Park despoiling it since about a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12078217", "title": "5-day health camp ends", "text": "PATNA: The five-day medical health camp organized by the Parent-Teacher Association (PTA) of Notre Dame Academy (NDA) concluded here on Tuesday.The camp that began on February 24 offered medical and gynaecological consultation, eye and dental check-ups, and blood pressure, blood sugar, ECG and BMI tests to parents and students and teachers of NDA.Speaking about the medical camp, Dr Vaquar Ahmad, dentist, said, \"I found that the oral hygiene of many patients was not up to mark, so I advised most of them to brush twice daily, visit dentist once in six months and use soft brush and dental floss.\"Dr Rashmi Prasad, gynaecologist, told parents and teachers that routine check-up is necessary for good health. Dr Rajeev Prasad, eye specialist, said, \"Poor vision in childhood affects the performance of children and also has a negative influence on their future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12078203", "title": "29 lion died last year", "text": "One lion died of electrocution in Junagadh district in the last one year, while 29, including 13 cubs, died from natural reasons. In a written reply to the question of Talala Congress MLA Bhavan Barad, the government has said that in the year 2011, 16 adults lions and 13 cubs have died. Officials in the department said that there are about 290 odd lions in Sasan Gir sanctuary and its periphery.A death of about 15 per cent of the animal in a year was not considered to be on the higher side. tnn As per estimates of the lion census conducted in April 2010, there were 97 lions, 162 lionesses and 152 cubs in and around Gir forest region of the state. The 2005 census had recorded presence of 359 lions here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12077324", "title": "Universities lack research culture: Minister", "text": "CHENNAI: Higher education minister P Palaniappan on Tuesday criticised educational institutions in the state for lacking a \"research culture\" and asked universities and colleges to rise above mediocrity.Addressing academics and students during National Science Day celebrations at University of Madras, the minister said, \"The government's efforts will be futile if educational institutions are lethargic when it comes to innovation.\"Palaniappan said the government's policy note on higher education proposed that laboratories in colleges and universities be equipped to match world standards. The government is committed to the cause and allocation of funds, he said, but educational institutions and other stakeholders should work out the details for implementation.\"While private players like Motorola and GE have created world-class technology hubs in the country, our institutions, private or public, have been unable to do so,\" he said.Quoting C N R Rao, chief of scientific advisory council to the PM, the minister said low pay was no longer an issue in Indian science. \"Professors and researchers are now paid decent salaries,\" Palaniappan said. \"What we need are strong research centres, led by eminent scientists. Unless there is good research, effective teaching is not possible and vice-versa. All our institutions should transform into research-cum-teaching hubs.\" Renowned researchers will attract bright students, he said, and this will provide credibility to university departments. \"This, in turn, will bring in funds from industries and R&D; laboratories for research projects,\" Palaniappan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12078154", "title": "Beware of BMTF \u2018conmen\u2019", "text": "BANGALORE: The next time someone comes to your home and threatens you with building violations , don't panic. They could just be conmen on the prowl. The Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF) has found that unauthorized persons are posing as officials of the task force and cheating citizens.Sample this: A 45-year-old homemaker from Defence Colony, Indiranagar, was tired of seeing her frontyard full of pigeon drops. She decided to put an end to the problem by putting up a fibre cover. But therein started the problem. She was threatened by a stranger, who claimed he was representing the BMTF, for allegedly violating BBMP bylaws! \"You have violated norms by putting up a fibre roof, it will be razed by our men unless you remove it yourself ,\" he told her.Worried, the woman rushed to the BMTF office at NR Square and narrated her experience. The entire task force staff was paraded in front of her but she couldn't identify the person.RP Sharma, IGP, BMTF, said the case brought to his notice when the woman complained three days ago. \"We then felt it was time we alerted citizens to be wary of such persons. We realized that some unauthorized persons are visiting under-construction sites and threatening people for violating BBMP bylaws. They pretend to be officers working with the police, town planning or revenue wings of the BMTF,\" Sharma said.BMTF superintendent of police Mallikarjun Swamy said: \"The person who visited the woman's house dropped names of our town planning officers.\"|The task force is yet to identify the culprit who visited the homemaker's residence.What can you do?In case a stranger walks into your construction site identifying him/herself from the BMTF, you must ask that person to produce his/her identity card. In case of you suspect his motive, you can call 22975587 or 9480685372, and bring it to the notice of the superintendent of police, BMTF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078324", "title": "Gujarat gets three national awards for road safety", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Small efforts count. This is aptly showcased in the tale of three individuals who reached out to the masses, to make our streets safer than before. It is the undying efforts of these three that has earned Gujarat a rare honour of bagging three out of six national awards for road safety campaigns.The uphill task faced by the three achievers is best highlighted in this fashion: Gujarat sees nearly one lakh road or traffic accidents annually and no less than 11 accidents every hour out of which 20 per cent turn fatal or leave victims maimed, with grievous injuries for life.While the state department of transport has bagged award for mobile education van, two private individuals from the state, Usmita Shah and Satyen Kulabkar, have won awards in individual categories. The winners will collect their certificate and cash prize on Wednesday at a function to be held in New Delhi.Talking about the mobile education van, J N Barevadiya joint director, department of transport, Government of Gujarat, told TOI that the pilot project was launched in 2010-11 in Panchmahal. \"We had deployed a van with an LCD screen, screen and projector, leaflets and real road signs with the district RTO. Two full-time volunteers accompanied the van that went to a total of 270 schools and reached out to more than 6,000 students. We made the language simpler so that it could be understood by all,\" he said.In the vacation time, the van targeted pilgrim spots such as Ambaji and Pawagadh where they attracted lot of youngsters as it became a popular medium of edutainment with cartoon characters and easy language that can be remembered by the visitors. \"The project became so successful that today we have got 10 more vans that will be deployed in districts such as Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Surat, Rajkot and Himmatnagar. We target to reach to all the schools in the state in next two years,\" said Barevadiya.Satyen's story started from his teen years where he became actively involved in saving lives on roads by creating awareness. \"I am an employee of private telecom operator and don't take any donations for my work. It is my sheer interest that drives me to take up the challenge to reduce number of road fatalities. I have reached to nearly one lakh students in last ten years through workshops and activities,\" he said.He works closely with Vadodara traffic police to create awareness and was instrumental in creating Gujarat's first traffic website for Vadodara police. He also designed campaigns such as 'A day with the traffic police' to sensitize citizens where a traffic cop would interact with a selected group everyday.Shah, a member of Lions Club, Ahmedabad, has won the award in individual category. She said that she has conducted a number of road safety seminars and camps for AMTS and autorickshaw drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12076600", "title": "State election panel summons collector", "text": "NASHIK: Taking serious note of the allegations about malfunctioning of electronic voting machines, bad electoral rolls and the fake election identity cards that made headlines for the past few days, the state election commissioner has summoned district collector P Velrasu on Wednesday.Some of the issues likely to be discussed are the eight cases of fake election identity cards being used in elections, and the public comments made by Kanhaiyya Pardeshi, an employee with Aatish Infotech, going public about him preparing fake electoral ID cards and the election district office's failure of the district election office to take the note of it. are some of the issues that are likely to be discussed at the meeting, sources said.\"Some of the members who lost elections have registered complaints with SEC about the problems in electoral rolls and machines and the SEC wants to get first-hand information,\" Velrasu said. He however, claimed that there were no fake identity cards.\"Nobody has given us any such card. We don't have anything. It is in the media that we see. We have no substance to file a complaint,\" Velrasu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "12076495", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav showers poll sops to woo voters", "text": "BAREILLY: Flexing his muscle at a rally in Bareilly on Tuesday, Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on Tuesday said that if voted to power, the party would provide reservation to Muslims, if the Centre failed to do so. He also urged voters to exercise caution while casting their franchise. \"As soon as my government is formed, I will put pressure on the Centre to provide reservation to Muslims. If they do not do so, I will exercise my powers for the same,\" Mulayam said.While addressing the huge crowd, Mulayam said, \"SP promises to waive farmers' loans of up to Rs 50,000. Also, farmers' land will not be auctioned, even if the government has to spend its own money to prevent it. Moreover, financial assistance of Rs 20,000 would be given to the poor apart from free treatment for diseases like cancer, liver and heart related ailments.\"The SP supremo further promised to give Rs 25,000 to every boy and girl who attains good marks in class XII, compulsory education till Class VIII with free books, unemployment allowance to the unemployed youth, and sportspersons would benefit with good jobs. He also assured the crowd of no acts of hooliganism in the state and promised to cancel all false cases. \"If my government comes to power, I would be the first one to stand against FDI,\" said Mulayam and added that BSP is responsible for not doing anything for the welfare of the common man in last five years.He also ridiculed BSP chief Mayawati for promising a fearless society, alleging that over 1,900 incidents of rape had taken place in the state during BSP tenure.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12076423", "title": "Ghaziabad poll: Urban voters stay indoors", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Barring a few sporadic incidents of violence between supporters of BJP and BSP at Khoda, polling for the five assembly constituencies in Ghaziabad district went off peacefully on Tuesday.The overall voter turnout in the sixth phase of polling was 60%, said a government spokesperson. While Muradnagar witnessed the maximum turnout, fewer voters turned up in the Ghaziabad (main) constituency, a completely urban segment.Polling began smoothly, with reports of people queuing up outside booths in rural areas. The turnout increased as the day progressed and by 3pm, the average turnout was over 50%. Narendra Sharma, who cast her vote at East Middle School at Raispur in Muradnagar, said, \"The voter turnout this time is good, comparable to that in municipal elections. People seem to want change and are becoming aware of the need for exercising their vote.\" Former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Chaudhry Charan Singh had studied in this school.Villagers came out in droves, with women and children wishing for a young leader to take charge. The situation was no different at Dehradun Public School in Sanjay Nagar. Despite long queues outside polling stations, people were cooperating with the policemen deployed to maintain law and order, said a cop. \"With over 60,000 voters, the Muradnagar constituency can tilt the power equation. The fact that more and more people are coming out to vote is a welcome change,\" said Mohammed Zakir, a BSP supporter, who was drumming up support for the BSP.At Kailaswati Inter College on NH-58, which falls under Sahibabad constituency, voter turnout was high all through the day. Colonies, such as Arthla, Chitrakut and Sanjay Colony, with a predominance of dalit and Muslim voters, come under this polling booth. Agents of political parties said the high turnout of Muslim voters and those from backward castes is a positive trend.In contrast, turnout at the main city and upmarket residential colonies, such as Rajnagar, Vasundhara and Indirapuram, was moderate, except for a marginal increase around lunch time. People had brought their kids along to show them how the EVM works.. \"It's an experience for them. People are realizing the need to instil democratic values in the next generation,\" said Swati Parashar who came to St Paul School in Sector-9, Rajnagar.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12077796", "title": "Strike impact: Economy set back by Rs 440-475cr", "text": "KOCHI: The impact of Tuesday's strike on the Kerala economy is estimated in the range of Rs 440-475 crore. This is a figure derived from The Times of India's talks with representatives of different sectors of the economy, before extrapolating the available data on trade and industry in the state.K N Marzook, chairman of the Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI), estimated the impact of the strike on the businesses of 3,500 of his fellow members at above Rs 100 crore. \"This loss includes revenue losses as well as overheads. The government is also losing tax from our members estimated at Rs 12.5 crore,\" he said.The gold and silver trade in the state lost Rs 19-25 crore in turnover on Tuesday, said B Girirajan, president of the All-Kerala Gold and Silver Merchants' Association. \"The government has lost out on tax to the extent of Rs 75 lakh - 1 crore,\" said Girirajan.\"Alappuzha district has seen three strikes in succession in the past week alone, but our neighbouring states have learnt to run their businesses smoothly irrespective of calls for strikes. I am in Chennai today, the markets in T Nagar and Pondy Bazaar are working smoothly,\" he said over phone from Chennai, on Tuesday. Even though occupancy in hotels wasn't affected much by the strike, sales in hotels came to a standstill on Tuesday. \"Statewide, the industry could have lost Rs 5 crore - Rs 10 crore in revenues,\" said K M Abdulla, president of the Ernakulam chapter of Kerala Hotels and Restaurants Association. This fraternity has a membership of roughly 10,000 across Kerala.T Nassirudheen, president of the Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi (KVVES) puts the revenue losses in the retail sector at Rs 1,200 crore, more than double the amount extrapolated from tax collections of the government.The KSRTC operated only 30 schedules on Tuesday instead of the usual 5,000 schedules. This would create a significant dent in its daily revenue of Rs 4 crore, said KSRTC Managing Director K G Mohanlal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12078020", "title": "Low wind speed serious obstruction for a solar citya", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With several hiccups, including too less wind speed in the city (3 metres per second), negligible biogas and lesser municipal waste to meet 10% energy needs through non-conventional sources, Chandigarh's projection as a 'Solar City of future' appears to be a serious challenge and an arduous task for the UT administration.With Chandigarh figuring in the list of 11 prospect solar cities in India that have already received a grant of Rs 47.58 lakh by the Union government, brain-storming on its practical implementation has begun.Challenges concerning planning and implementation of 'Chandigarh as the future solar city' were deliberated upon by experts at a seminar on Tuesday.\"Switching over to alternative sources needs a lot of public participation and immense support from the local administration. Even meeting 10% of power needs could take a lot of time and could go up to 3 years,\" said Ankit Narula, a research associate in TERI.In a survey done to calculate power needs of the city, it was recorded that 42% of the power consumption could be reduced by usage of T5 copper ballast tubelights of 28 watts instead of the T20 ones (40watts). He added that in Chandigarh, there was negligible wind energy, biogas and municipal waste available to generate alternative sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12076857", "title": "Vehicle knocks down cyclist fatally", "text": "KANPUR: Rash driving claimed the life of a 50-year-old man in Narwal on Tuesday.The accident took place near Saandh police outpost when a speeding loader hit cyclist Gaya Prasad Kushwaha, a resident of Harchand Khera, who was on his way to Pasiyapur Bambi.The injured man was rushed to a hospital, where he succumbed.The people have noted down the registration number of the loader. The driver is likely to be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12077137", "title": "Golconda diamond up for auction", "text": "NEW DELHI: Beau Sancy, an important diamond from the world-renowned Golconda mines, will come under the gavel at Sotheby's auction, Magnificent Jewels and Noble Jewels, in Geneva on May 15. It was worn by Marie de Medici in her crown at her coronation as the Queen Consort of the French king Henri IV in 1610. Weighing 34.98 carats, it is expected to fetch $ 2 million to $ 4 million (approx. Rs 9.80 crore to Rs 19.60 crore).The modified pear double rose cut diamond, named after the Lord of Sancy Nicolas de Harlay (1546-1629) who first acquired it in Constantinople sometime in mid-1500s, has been passed down through the royal families of France, England, Prussia and the House of Orange-Nassau of the Netherlands. Sharing the details about the historic diamond, Maithili Parekh, Director, Sotheby's India, said, \"The Beau Sancy is one of the most fascinating and romantic gems ever to appear at an auction. It is most likely to have originated from the mines near the city of Golconda (modern day Hyderabad), the source of history's best known diamonds like the Hope, the Koh-i-Noor and the Regent.\"Parekh adds that the Beau Sancy was bought for 75,000 livres by Henri IV and gifted to his wife. \"The queen of France had long desired the stone, particularly after learning that Lord of Sancy had sold a larger stone, today known as the Sancy, to King James I of England. In a testament to the importance the queen placed on the diamond, the Beau Sancy was mounted atop the crown that she wore at her coronation in 1610,\" informs Parekh.The Beau Sancy will be showcased in Hong Kong, New York, Rome, Paris, London, Zurich and Geneva before the auction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12077567", "title": "Andhra University professor and husband arrested", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A professor of Andhra University and her scientist-husband were arrested by the police on charges of harassing their daughter-in-law for additional dowry. The couple was later released on bail.AU botany wing professor N Umadevi and her husband Ram Gopal, a scientist at the Agro Economics Project in AU, were arrested by III Town police following a complaint by Pratyusha's parents for demanding an additional Rs 25 lakh dowry.The couple allegedly have been harassing Pratyusha of Vijayawada ever since the marriage with their elder son Sasi Mallik. At the time of the marriage, the girl's parents gave Rs 8 lakh cash, 15 tolas of gold and a land site worth Rs 10 lakh towards dowry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12076461", "title": "'NGOs stalling tourism hub plan'", "text": "MUMBAI: Fed up with the constant opposition from NGOs and activists to some of the state's most ambitious projects, tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal has hit out, saying fringe groups are stalling Maharashtra's development as a tourist hub. Bhujbal was reacting to a latest missive by renowned dolphin specialist Ric O'Barry, who was featured in the academy award winning film The Cove, which documented the annual dolphin slaughter in Japan,calling on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to stop plans to construct a marine mammal park (Sea World) along the Arabian Sea coastline in Sindhudurg. \"Anything and everything is facing opposition from NGOs. This is not good for the state's development as a tourist hub,\" Bhujbal said.In his letter, written on behalf of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), O'Barry said that dolphins and other marine mammals suffer immeasurably in captivity and that they do not belong in tanks. \"Dolphins in aquariums - even those born in captivity - quickly become depressed, stressed and volatile,\" wrote O'Barry. Apart from But PETA, is not the only opposing body, Greenpeace , a global campaigning organization, has opposed many projects in the state, including Sea World.The state hopes that by developing such a park, the Konkan coastline, so far lying in neglect, could be turned into a major tourist attraction. The government has already approved a plan to build a dolphin and water theme park. The CM has given an in-principle approval to the Rs 510-crore project that will be part of a plan to promote the 720km coastline. tnnThe land for Sea World, to be built on a PPP model, will soon be identified and construction will start on the lines of a dolphin theme park in Florida. Going by the blueprints, Sea World will have a giant aquarium, a dolphin park and a stadium, a facility to train and keep dolphins, guest houses, a theatre and theme restaurants.***************************Mumbai: Fed up with the constant opposition from non-government organizations (NGOs) and activists to some of state's most ambitious projects, tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal has hit out saying fringe groups are stalling Maharashtra's development as a tourist hub. Bhujbal was reacting to a latest missive by renowned dolphin specialist Ric O'Barry, who was featured in the academy award-winning film The Cove - which documented the annual dolphin slaughter in Japan, calling on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to stop plans to construct a marine mammal park (Sea World) along the Arabian Sea coastline in Sindhudurg. \"Anything and everything is facing opposition from NGOs. This is not good for the state's development as a tourist hub,\" Bhujbal told ToI.In his letter, written on behalf of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), O'Barry has said that dolphins and other marine mammals suffer immeasurably in captivity and that they do not belong in tanks. \"Dolphins in aquariums - even those born in captivity - quickly become depressed, stressed and volatile\", wrote O'Barry. But PETA is the not the only opposing body, Greenpeace, a global campaigning organization, too has opposed many projects in the state, including the Sea World.The state hopes that by developing such a park, the Konkan coastline, so far lying in neglect, could be turned into a major tourist attraction The government has already approved a plan to build a dolphin and water theme park. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has given an in-principle approval to the Rs 510- crore project that will be part of a plan to promote the 720-km-long coastline.The land for Sea World, to be built on a PPP model, will soon be identified and constructions will start on the lines of a dolphin theme park in Florida. Going by the blueprint, Sea World will have a giant aquarium, a dolphin park and a stadium, a facility to train and keep dolphins, guest houses, a theatre and theme restaurants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12077559", "title": "MNS distinct choice as per poll percentages", "text": "NASHIK: Electors in Nashik may not have given a clear majority to any single party or alliance, but their choice of party and leader seems to be very clear, with the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) bagging 28.23% of votes in Nashik. The party's arch rival, the Shiv Sena, was the distinct second with 17.73%, throwing almost every other party out of the fight.The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) general elections this year saw a close contest between the MNS and the Shiv Sena, with the MNS bagging 40 seats and the Shiv Sena 19 seats, only one short of being second as the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) bagged 20 seats. The BJP maintained its last election's tally of 14 seats.The poll percentages declared by the election office of the NMC shows that the MNS has been a distinct choice for the citizens, but the fact remains that it has not got a clear mandate. In the multiple-ward poll system, 929 contestants vied for 122 seats across 61 wards.As many as 5.72 lakh electors cast their votes of the possible 10.30 lakh electors. The number of voters who either showed up but chose not to vote or polled only a single vote by selecting the 'End' button for another group stands at not more than 100.Of the total 11,44,016 valid votes cast on the electronic voting machines during the NMC elections on February 16, MNS candidates, who either won the contest or stood second most of the time, pocketed a whopping 3,23,042 votes (28.23%). The Shiv Sena polled 2,02,921 votes (17.73%) while the rest of the votes were shared by the NCP, the BJP and the Independent candidates.Surprisingly, the NCP, one of the strongest contenders to win and gain easy access to the mayor's chair, was relegated to third position by the voters as the party polled only 1,54,799 votes (13.53%). The most interesting factor here is that Independent candidates got a better share of votes than political parties, including the Congress and the BJP, as they bagged 12.40% of the votes polled. The Congress made it to 11.96%, while the BJP got 11.50% votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076702", "title": "Govt draws up checklist to improve air quality in city", "text": "NEW DELHI: Deteriorating air pollution levels in the city have forced the Delhi government to take up mitigation measures on a very serious note. The environment department led by the chief minister, along with various NGOs, IIT representatives, ministry of environment and forests, Central Pollution Control Board, civic agencies and Delhi government departments, has drawn up a check-list of action that need to be undertaken across various sectors, including power and transport, to improve air quality.In this exercise prime focus has been put on the transport sector that includes augmentation of public transport, revision parking policy, promotion of pedestrian pathways and reduction of vehicular emissions through stringent action. On the cards is an annual registration for cars, an increase in road tax and a reduction in bus fares.\"Tuesday's meeting threw up several possible steps that we can take to improve air quality. In another week or so we will draw up a roadmap with implementable actions and will periodically follow those up for detailed action. Of course, vehicular pollution emerged as area requiring immediate attention,\" said Keshav Chandra, secretary, environment.Environment department officials said that as a long term measure to control vehicular emissions, Euro V and VI norms and a usage of 10 ppm sulphur fuel should be enforced by 2017. \"Pollution under control checking also needs to be revamped and we need to ensure 100% compliance. In fact, introduction of on-road emission testing for polluting vehicles was also discussed,\" said an official. Officials also said that diversion of interstate traffic, including primarily polluting transport vehicles, was to be addressed through the western and eastern expressways. Of this, the western expressway that will cater to vehicles coming from Haryana is almost ready.With more than 71 lakh vehicles plying on Delhi's roads, the government is also now seriously considering dissuading people from using private vehicles through measures like an integrated public transport system, better facilities for pedestrians and prohibitive parking rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12078481", "title": "1984 riots victims move HC for rehabilitation grant", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre and the city government were asked on Tuesday by the Delhi high court to examine the plea of a group of 1984 anti-Sikh riot victims seeking grant of rehabilitation package to them on basis of their residence here.Taking up their pleas seeking a grant Rs 2 lakh each to seven people from different Sikh families residing here, Justice Vipin Sanghi directed the Delhi government to verify their residential status here and consider their pleas for grant in co-ordination with the Centre.The court asked the Delhi government to ascertain the genuineness of victim's pleas within two months and also directed the Centre to grant the money for disbursement within a month thereafter.The anti-Sikh riots had broken out in Delhi and elsewhere in the country in the wake of assassination of the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in October, 1984.In their pleas, the victims claimed they were residing in various localities here in Delhi during the riot in which their properties, including some shops, were burnt and destroyed by the attackers.Due to the disturbance here, they had migrated to Punjab where they stayed for more than four years and the state government issued them Red Card, granting refugee status to them in 1986, the victims claimed in the petition.In 1988, they had returned to Delhi to start their business and in 2006 the Centre had announced rehabilitation package of Rs 2 lakh to each family affected in the riots, they said in their petition.According to the petitioners, when they applied for the package in Punjab, the state government had denied them on the ground that they had moved back to Delhi in 2007.Claiming that they filed their applications for grant to the Delhi government and forwarded their copies to the home ministry, the victims said as no grant materialized to them, they even sent representations to the Prime Minister Office in 2009. They added they had finally approached the court. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077563", "title": "Finance dept told to draw up package for project-hit", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems like good news is in the pipeline for the 14,986 project-affected-persons (PAPS) of the Gosikhurd irrigation project. CM Prithviraj Chavan has directed the finance department to prepare a Rs 500-600 crore package for them. Chavan's initiative means that Vidarbha's ambitious irrigation project may finally see the light of the day.On Tuesday, Chavan held a high-level meeting at Mantralaya. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, water resources minister Sunil Tatkare, rehabilitation and relief works minister Patangrao Kadam, chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad, divisional commissioner BV Gopala Reddy, Nagpur collector Saurabh Rao and other officials were present.According to official sources, Chavan directed the financial department to prepare the package on three counts - hike in cash compensation in lieu of land, employment and consideration of a few aspects of the Resettlement and Rehabilitation Policy 2007.\"Till date, Rs 270 crore has been spent on PAPs. Of the 11 villages, four have to be rehabilitated. They come under Nagpur district. There are 14,986 PAPS, including 8,332 in Nagpur district. The remaining 6,654 are in Bhandara district. The total package may go up to Rs 500-600 crore. The finance department will prepare the package and place it before the cabinet for approval,\" said sources.The package is being worked out as per assurances given by Chavan and Pawar in the winter session.Though 90% of the project work is complete, all gates of the dam could not be closed to store water due to the inordinate delay in the rehabilitation of PAPs.Despite the green signal given by the Maharashtra State Rehabilitation Authority (MSRA), the water level of the dam could not be raised to 239 metres. The current water level of the dam is 236.6 metres.According to the plan, the project will have the potential to irrigate 48,370 hectares of land in 2011-12, 53,456 hectares in 2012-13, 54,900 hectares in 2013-14, and 29,319 hectares in 2014-15 for a total of 2,50,800 hectares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12078663", "title": "Tech hitch for new IITs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hundreds of bright students had foreseen a promising future for themselves as soon as they were admitted to new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs), set up in 2008.Their dreams have, however, hit a roadblock even as the first batch of BTech students is set to graduate in May. The new institutes are yet to be approved as IITs by Parliament. As a result, the passing out students will not get an IIT degree for the time being.All IITs are governed by the Institutes of Technology Act, 1961. The Act declares them as 'institutions of national importance' and specifies their framework for governance, powers and duties. The Gandhinagar campus was among the six IITs set up in 2008. Another two were added the next year.While the Lok Sabha passed the bill for incorporating the new IITs under the Act, it is yet to be cleared by Rajya Sabha. Because of the uncertainty, the IITs are unable to fix a date for their first convocation. Traditionally, IITs host their annual convocations in August.\"We are hoping Parliament moves quickly,\" said a director of one of the new IITs. \"It takes time to plan a convocation that meets IIT standards.\"The first batch of 30 MTech students of IIT Hyderabad graduated in 2011. The students are, however waiting for their degree certificates. Director Uday Desai said from Hyderabad, \"We have given the students provisional degree certificates for the time being. With the Lok Sabha having cleared the bill, half the job is done. We are hoping that the Rajya Sabha clears the bill this time.\"A total of 160 students will be graduating from IIT Hyderabad this year. Some 600 undergraduate and postgraduate students will be passing out from the new IITs this year. IIT-Gandhinagar has 88 undergraduate students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12076370", "title": "Footage shows ASP didn't slap cop", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a revelation that may cost a group of police constables their jobs, the police has retrieved the footage of all that happened before and after scores of constables went on a rampage in Hathras on Monday.The constables have claimed that additional superintendent of police (ASP) Ashok Kumar had slapped a cop for playing cards on duty which in turn provoked his fellow constables to indulge in violence.The retrieved footage, however, shows that it was actually the constables who assaulted the ASP unprovoked. Contrary to the claims of the constabulary on the issue, the officer actually tried to end the issue there and then, but a group of constables began pushing and nudging him before they started a full-fledged assault.Additional director general of police (ADG), law and order, Subesh Kumar Singh said that footage was retrieved on Tuesday late evening from one of the damaged cameras belonging to the three journalists who too were severely assaulted by the constables during the violence. The footage shows that the constables were the ones who assaulted the ASP and then vent their ire on the Hathras city circle officer (CO), deputy SP Jagat Narain and in-charge of local Kotwali police station inspector Shiv Lal Arya.The three had to be hospitalised with multiple head wounds and excessive bleeding.The cops also assaulted the deputy inspector general of police (DIG), Aligarh, V P Tripathi, Hathras district magistrate (DM) Suhas LY, additional DM Ram Awataar and SP Chandra Prakash. They did not spare even deputy collector Ritu Sharma. DM's steno Rakesh Sharma and office staff Sachin Upadhyay, Nand Kishore and Shailendra Kumar too were thrashed when they tried to rescue the senior officials.The ASP in question on Tuesday said that it was at around 11 am when a head constable by the name of Kripa Shanker called up on his cellphone stating that constables from outside Hathras who were there on poll duty were gambling inside the heavy vehicles roped in by the administration to transport poll parties to far off stations. The vehicles were parked inside the Reserve Police Lines as well as the government polytechnic campus situated opposite it.The constable also told the ASP that some of the cops have picked up a fight with one of the bus drivers while gambling as a result of which the latter had fled. This was causing delay in releasing the vehicles for transportation of poll parties.Responding to the phone call, the ASP accompanied by a sub-divisional magistrate and his orderly reached the site. They spotted a group of constables in civil dress playing cards. The constables fled on seeing the senior officials.The ASP and sub-divisional magistrate found two police rifles lying at the site which were apparently left behind by the fleeing cops in haste. Soon, two constables appeared before him and begged to return their service rifles. After a dressing down, the ASP handed the rifles back. Barely had the two constables walked away that a group of constables appeared on the scene raising slogans and began to assault the ASP.The ASP's statements have been corroborated by the video footage in possession of the police. Chaos that started around 11 am continued for more than four hours and the issue was resolved only after Agra commissioner announced the transfer of the ASP out of Hathras.The ADG said that a copy of the footage is being made available to the two-member committee comprising the district magistrate and the deputy inspector general of police - formed to probe the Monday violence. He said that most of the trouble makers were easily identifiable in the footage and were sure to face the grind once the investigation into the violence gets complete. He confirmed that none of the constables have submitted any written complaint with the Hathras police till Tuesday late night.On the other hand, owners of the buses and trucks that were parked at the venue and damaged in the violence have submitted complaints with the local police in connection with the incident. The management of Prem Raghu Hospital situated in the vicinity which too had to bear the brunt of the agitated cops, has also lodged a complaint with Hathras police.The irate cops also thrashed Vinay Kumar, a teacher at Veernagar primary school and his fellow teachers Brijesh Vashisht and Akhilesh Kumar.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12077942", "title": "Advocate alleges indiscriminate Handcuffing of suspects by cops", "text": "COIMBATORE: A city-based lawyer has written a letter to Director General of Police (DGP) and senior law enforcement officers in the city, requesting them to adhere to the Supreme Court order regarding the handcuffing of offenders.\"As per the law, no one can get handcuffed without permission from the court. If this is not followed, it amounts to contempt of court. Politicians, corporate honchos and senior bureaucrats involved in huge scams are not handcuffed,\" says R Kalaiarasu, the advocate who authored the letter. It is unfortunate that both the city and rural police are flouting the Supreme Court order passed many years ago, he added.It is not uncommon to see those under remand or police custody being escorted between court and prison by police, handcuffed. Even under trials are not exempted from them. In 1996, the apex court gave its ruling citing Article 142 of the Constitution, in the case Citizens for Democracy Vs State of Assam , that handcuffs shall not be forced on a prisoner in jail or while transporting him or her from one jail to another or from jail to court and back, the order said.\"As per the guide lines, police can force the prisoner to wear handcuffs only after getting permission from the concerned court. Prisoners who are involved in serious and heinous offences, those with a dangerous background, those showing violent behaviour and those who have a track record of escaping custody can be handcuffed, but that too requires court permission. Cops who violate the apex court direction have to face proceedings under the contempt of court act,'' points out the advocate.The Supreme Court and Madras HC have repeatedly reminded the police force against unnecessary use of handcuffs and warned that such use would be treated as a violation of the right to personal liberty guaranteed by article 21 of the Constitution of India. \"I will approach the District Judge and Chief Judicial Magistrate for appropriate action against the police officials if they continue to violate the guidelines,\" said Kalaiarasu.However, city police commissioner T P Sundaramoorthy chose to deny such illegal handcuffing when contacted. \"We are following the apex court's guidelines strictly. Prisoners have been handcuffed only after getting permission from the court,\" said the commissioner.\"Our Armed Reserved police have been taking prisoners to court. They do not violate the guidelines. We are strictly following the apex court's directions,\" said V Kaliyamoorthy, deputy commissioner of police, Armed Reserve, Coimbatore city.On human rights and dignityThe basic concept of the said guidelines is that an accused is presumed to be innocent till he is proved to be guilty. An accused is put into much mental agony when handcuffed in front of thousands of people. The accused are handcuffed while being escorted to moffusil courts through government buses instead of police vehicle. This amounts to pretrial conviction and is traumatic for the suspect and his family even if he is acquitted later. Police should preserve basic human rights just as they provide security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "12078207", "title": "2 succumb to injuries in mishap at Sathur fire cracker unit", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Two labourers of a fire cracker manufacturing unit, who were seriously injured in a blast on Monday died at a private hospital in Madurai, on Tuesday.The two workers had suffered extensive burn injuries all over their bodies. One more labourer who was also injured in the accident is being treated at the hospital. Police have registered cases on two persons, including the owner of the unit.The mishap, the first fire accident this year in Virudhunagar district that houses the fire cracker capital of the country - Sivakasi - occurred around noon on Monday at Sakthi Fireworks, owned by Murali, a native of Sathur at Salvarpatti. Three of the labourers involved in stuffing chemicals in fancy crackers in one of the sheds at the unit sustained severe burn injuries. Immediately, the three Marikannu (35), Palanichamy (40) and Murugan (35) of Sathur were rushed to the government hospital at Sivakasi and then shifted to a private hospital in Madurai. However, Marikannu and Murugan succumbed to the injuries, while Palani is undergoing treatment in a critical stage.The police have arrested Ramkumar, a supervisor at Sakthi Fireworks and are in the lookout for the owner Murali. Last year, there was a similar accident in the same unit in which two people were killed.Officials maintained that they were strictly enforcing industrial as well as labour rules to prevent accidents in the fire cracker units and squarely blamed it on the employees as well as owners. \"Sometimes, they mix chemicals in wrong proportions, which ultimately results in increased friction among the chemicals. We also insist on the owners not to pressurise the workers to hasten work. If the labourers work under a poor state of mind, they tend to mishandle chemicals leading to the blast,\" said a revenue official. \"It is during the filling of chemicals into cracker capsules that most of the accidents occur,\" he added.The workers and trade unions insist that there must be automatic fire extinguishers to put off the fire as soon as they break out as well as to prevent them from spreading to adjacent sheds. However, this has not been made mandatory.Last year, there were about six major accidents in Sivakasi and adjacent areas that took the lives of at least 29 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12106394", "title": "Goa polls to be 'monitored' this time", "text": "PANAJI: Over 6,246 polling persons, 2,304 local police personnel and 20 companies of central reserve police forces are fanning out tomorrow in all 40 constituencies of Goa to see the smooth finish of the assembly polls.The poll monitoring system (PMS), where photographs and fingerprints of all voters will be captured on computers, will be the highlight of the Goa assembly elections as this is the first time PMS is being tried in a whole state. It was earlier tried successfully in the Valpoi by-elections on October 18, 2010.A joint press conference was addressed by the joint chief electoral officer N S Navti and district election officer Mihir Vardhan to explain the preparations in the state. The officers said that Goa has 100% coverage in both electoral photo-identity cards as well as photo-electoral rolls.Clarifying apprehensions on photography and finger-printing, Vardhan said there is no connection between the poll monitoring system and the electronic voting machine.\"The identity of the voters will not be revealed and the photographs and fingerprints are only for the election commission's database,\" Vardhan said. Vardhan also clarified the concept of 49-O rule, which describes the procedure to be followed when a valid voter decides not to cast his vote, and decides to record this fact.Vardhan added that if a voter, who has been photographed, fingerprints taken, and his finger marked with indelible ink, changes his mind and refuses to vote, that voter can sign the 17-A register and walk away. The authorities will also try and upload voting trends on the website of the Goa chief electoral officer every two hours.Though the coverage of EPIC in Goa is 100%, there are 48 cases in the state where the photographs of the voters in the EPICs are not clear. These voters will be allowed to show alternate documents, Vardhan said.cw 1 30m;cw 2 30m;cw 3 30m;cw 4 30m;cw 5 30m;hr 0;fr 0;fc 0;lc 0;The election personnel have already conducted rehearsals on the PMS and are expecting to encounter connectivity problems in the polling stations of remote areas. But connectivity is not the main priority. Election authorities are more concerned about capturing the photographs and fingerprints of voters, Vardhan said. Despite that, the authorities will strive to upload voting trends on the website of the Goa chief electoral officer every two hours.Vardhan said that the population of security personnel is such that in every polling station, there will be not less than 3 security personnel.Though the coverage of EPIC in Goa is 100%, there are 48 cases in the state where the photographs of the voters in the EPICs are not clear. These voters will be allowed to show alternate documents, Vardhan said.VotersNorth GoaSouth GoaTotalMale288631222480511111Female290353224842515195TOTAL1026306Polling stationsNorth GoaSouthGoaTotalCritical8826114Vulnerable412566CandidatesNorth GoaSouthGoaTotalMale11393205Female7310Total12096215Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12077572", "title": "JNNURM\u2019s high-level panel all set to investigate 24X7 water supply project", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally, union urban development minister Kamal Nath has taken note of the demand made by AICC general secretary and city MP Vilas Muttemwar to investigate the 24X7 water supply project. A three-member high-level committee of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM) will come on March 1.According to the letter received by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Tuesday, JNNURM's under secretary (N-1) Rajesh Kumar along with two other officials will arrive in the city and investigate the pilot project implemented in Dharampeth Zone.The committee will also obtain copies of the agreements signed by the NMC with Veolia Water (India) Private Ltd and the Orange City Water Limited ( OCWL). To know their views, the panel may interact with social activists and citizens residing in Dharampeth zone.Talking to TOI, Muttemwar said, \"NMC raised the water tariff to cover the cost of the entire project. The Central government had sanctioned Rs 2,000 crore to strengthen the network so that citizens could get water at affordable rates. But what's happening is just the opposite.\"\"Citizens residing in the project area are getting high bills even though their consumption is low. In such a scenario, the government must come to the rescue of citizens. I raised the issue in the meeting of the 7th consultative committee on urban development held in New Delhi on February 21,\" he said.Muttemwar added that the government is not at all monitoring projects for which it has allocated funds. \"Kamal Nath assured me of an investigation. I also raised the issue of the pathetic city bus service because of which commuters are severely inconvenienced. The operator has miserably failed to run the service in a professional manner,\" said Muttemwar.A demand to run big buses in the city for long routes was also raised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12081095", "title": "India should not support Sri Lanka at UNHRC hearing: Karunanidhi", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK, a key constituent of the ruling UPA at the Centre, on Wednesday said India should not support Sri Lanka, which is facing war crime charges, in the hearings being conducted by the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva .\"India should not back Sri Lanka at any cost when the UNHRC resolution comes up for voting,\" DMK president M Karunanidhi said in a statement, stressing that Sri Lanka should be tried for alleged war crimes.Citing the resolution passed in the meeting last year, Karunanidhi said perpetrators of the alleged crimes must face action and the Indian government should also make efforts in this regard.Karunanidhi said Sri Lankan minister Mahinda Samarasingha had claimed to have suggested that India would support Sri Lanka in the voting.MDMK leader Vaiko on Tuesday wrote a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh voicing concern over India's reported move at the UNHRC. PMK leader S Ramadoss also expressed concern over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077870", "title": "Opposition criticises govt for ban on rice exports", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government's repeated attempts to project its image as pro-farmer and pro-consumer failed to cut the ice with opposition parties, which lashed out at its decision to ban export of superfine varieties to neighbouring states.Terming the decision as undemocratic and illegal, a united opposition launched a scathing attack on the state government in the Assembly on Tuesday for misleading farmers and denying them an opportunity to sell superfine rice for a better price in neighbouring states, ignoring the Centre's directive that there should be no restriction on inter-state movement of paddy or rice.The House witnessed an intense debate for nearly 145 minutes on the restrictions imposed on movement of rice in response to a question by Lok Satta party leader Jayprakash Narayan during the Q&A; session.Cautioning the state government that severe unrest could grip paddy farmers if the government failed to take remedial measures, Narayan accused the government of violating provisions of the Essential Commodities Act. \"It is a central Act and the state has no jurisdiction over it. When there is no restriction on export of rice to foreign countries, why should the state prevent inter-state movement,\" he asked.Members cutting across party lines expressed strong displeasure at minister D Sridhar Babu's reply during the question hour after he informed the House that there was no restriction on the movement of rice to other states but for some \"informal orders\" to keep a check on middlemen and traders. They took a strong objection to the minister's justification that \"superfine varieties like BPT, Sonamasuri, Sambamasuri, Vijyamasuri, etc produced in the state are available to consumers in the retail market at affordable prices as we have ensured that these superfine varieties are sold only within the state to contain prices of rice. The prices are less than those compared to neighbouring states.\"Accusing the state government of sacrificing farmers' interest to help traders, opposition parties TDP, CPI, CPM and BJP staged a walkout, while the Lok Satta party protested against government for denying farmers the right to transport, distribute and disburse their produce as per government of India guidelines.Accusing the state government of sacrificing farmers' interest to help traders, opposition parties TDP, CPI, CPM and BJP staged a walkout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12079958", "title": "Vijay in Party Mode", "text": "Actor Vijay is one person who enjoys singing. While he has sung several numbers from his films at events, it's been a while since he actually recorded any for his flicks.But now, the actor has sung a song for Harris Jayaraj for Thuppakki. Confirming the news, the music composer posted on his microblogging page, \"Well... Just tried actor Vijay to sing a party track for Thuppakki in Mumbai, and he came up with flying colours...!\" Director A R Murugadoss also posted a picture of the actor recording for the track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12077329", "title": "Doctor alleges he was abused and beaten up by traffic police", "text": "GURGAON: A doctor has alleged that a traffic cop beat him up near IFFCO Chowk during a routine drive against drunk driving on Saturday night. The traffic cop allegedly issued a challan which claimed that the doctor was in a drunken state. According to the police, 68mg of alcohol was found in his blood. On the complaint of doctor, an inquiry has been ordered.According to the police, one Dr Ajay K Sharma, a resident of Carlton Estate in DLF-V, filed a complaint with the Sector 29 police station on Monday in which he alleged that a traffic police constable beat him up with a stick and used abusive language during a drive against drunk driving on Saturday night. The cops, on the other hand, said that that doctor was drunk for which he was issued the challan.\"Our ACP is conducting the inquiry,\" said Bharti Arora, DCP (traffic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12078011", "title": "\u2018Wealthy class more likely to lie, cheat\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: They may be the more respectable members of society, but they rich also more likely to lie, cheat and engage in other kinds of unethical activities than those in lower classes, claims a new study . But these findings, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, do not mean that everyone of high status behaves unethically, nor that everyone in lower society behaves ethically, scientists cautioned.However, the researchers suggested that the rich's view of the world may be clouded by self-absorption and greed. As a result, they have fewer scruples than those who have less money to burn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12068400", "title": "Charisma Aggarwal's b\u2019day bash at G-bar", "text": "Charisma Aggarwal hosted her birthday party recently at G-bar, Hotel Grand, Vasant Kunj, and all her buddies turned up in their fashionable best to celebrate with her.They picked delicately at the hors d'oeuvres and enjoyed each other's company and the latest gossip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12081379", "title": "Ali zafar paints co star Aditi Rao Hyder", "text": "Pakistani actor Ali Zafar in betwen his busy schedule took out some time to paint his co star of the film Aditi Rao Hydari.While Pakistani actor Ali Zafar is busy promoting his upcoming movie 'London Paris New York', in betwen his busy schedule Ali took out some time to paint his co star of the film Aditi Rao Hydari. Aditi wore a white satin outfit and posed before Ali, while we saw Ali arranging hsi paints and brush and all set to paint his co star. Suprisingly, Ali finsihed doing the potrait in two hours time. When Aditi saw the final potrait,she screamed out and complimented Ali for making her look so beautiful in the painting.When we asked Ali why did he choose to paint Aditi, so he reveals to us, \"Yes, its been long time I haven't picked up my paint and brushes. So finally, I made up my mind that I would paint something different. It was always my dream to paint beauties of the Bollywood industry and finally I started with Aditi.\" he continues,\"\" Aditi was very excited and thrilled when she saw he final painting. She loved it and complimented me.\"\" Does he plan to exhibit his paintings? and Ali replies, \"Why not, its always interesting and challenging to do something different.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12077722", "title": "Sena IT chief held for creating defamatory profile of Ajit Pawar", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police cyber cell on Tuesday afternoon arrested Shiv Sena IT chief Amit Jadhav (27), a resident of Santa Cruz in Mumbai, for allegedly creating a defamatory profile of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on the social networking site Facebook.Jadhav was booked on a complaint registered by NCP activist Arvind Gore with the Vishrambaug police station on June 2, 2011.Inspector Sangeeta Alphonso-Shinde said Jadhav was arrested after a probe revealed that he had logged on to the internet through his phone to create the profile.The police produced Jadhav before a magisterial court and sought his custody for three days so that the cellphone and the hard disc of his computer could be recovered. The police also said they wanted to find out if he had created more such profiles.Jadhav's lawyers Rahul Dindokar and Sachin Thombare told the court that their client had been prosecuted under a bailable offence under section 66 (a) of the Information Technology Act and that he was eligible for bail.The court upheld the lawyers' plea and sent Jadhav to magisterial custody. Later, he was released on a personal bond of Rs 15,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12076101", "title": "Patients left in lurch, ISBTS partially shut; but govt claims life was normal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The daylong strike called by labour unions paralysed transport services in the capital on Tuesday, hitting patients, office-goers and railway passengers the worst as taxis and autos stayed off the roads. City buses ferried huge crowds, but interstate services were partially shut, stranding several commuters through the day.The strike affected loading and dispatch of petrol, diesel and cooking gas refills to dealers, but state-run fuel retailers assured there would be no shortage as petrol pumps had been tanked up with additional supplies on Sunday and warned against panic buying.Autorickshaws, over 50,000 registered in Delhi, all but disappeared, predictably triggering the fleecing of commuters by the few plying on the roads. \"There is not even a single auto on the road. The taxi is asking for Rs 300 to go to AIIMS Trauma Centre, which is not even 2km away. They are fleecing people in the name of protest,\" said M K Chaudhary, a retired bank official, at AIIMS as he could barely walk due to a knee ailment.Dulichand, an asthma patient, who had come for treatment with his wife Sumati Kumari, said a neighbour had dropped them to AIIMS from Madangir but they were struggling to return home. \"The buses are overcrowded. He cannot travel in the Metro either. He has severe respiratory problems. We do not know how to reach home now,\" said Kumari as she waved frantically at every taxi and private vehicle passing by.The bus stand near Safdarjung Hospital was crowded with patients, with many of them lying on the pavement as they could not afford the hefty fare demanded by taxis and the private ambulance.The scenario was no better at New Delhi and Old Delhi railway stations. The prepaid booth - for autos and taxis - was shut down. Officials claimed no vehicles were available; less than 100m away, several taxis and autos were lined up, with drivers rattling out unheard-of fares - Rs 500 for Greater Kailash-I, Rs 600 for Rohini and so on.\"The unions are smashing cars windows and vehicles. Who will pay for the damage? We are charging more for taking the risk on a strike day,\" explained a taxi driver at New Delhi station.Interstate bus services at ISBT Kashmere Gate were also affected. \"There are few buses plying for Hisar, Sirsa, Jind, Sonipat, Karnal, Panipat and Chandigarh. People are waiting since morning,\" said a transport official. \"I have come from Kolkata by train and I have to go to Ambala. But there is no bus for that route. I am alone and have to reach home for a family function,\" said Meena.The Delhi government, however, claimed that life was normal in the city due to its prompt action and sufficient deployment of staff by DTC, DJB, MCD and power distribution companies.\"There was no disruption in any service including power, water or traffic. The administration was able to ensure that citizens were not inconvenienced in any way and all services functioned normally,\" said a government press release.Later in the day, oil companies said there would be no shortage at petrol pumps in a ripple effect. \"There was no disruption of re-fuelling of aircraft anywhere, though loading and dispatch of fuels from depots were affected. Our officers and, in some places, the Territorial Army personnel were manning the operations,\" said a senior Indian Oil executive.\"Loading and dispatch will start again from 6am Wednesday. There will be no shortage, except maybe isolated cases of a pump or two running out of fuel in the early hours. There is absolutely no reason for panic buying.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "12078491", "title": "'Molester' kin of minister gets bail", "text": "GAYA: Bablu Kumar, brother-in-law of urban development minister Prem Kumar, was held on molestation charge at the Andar Gaya locality of the town on Monday evening. The arrest was made on the basis of a complaint lodged by a dalit woman, accusing Bablu of trying to outrage her modesty.A case under sections 323, 341 and 354 was registered against Bablu at the Civil Lines police station. He was subsequently released on bail by the police around midnight. Confirming Bablu's release on bail, the Civil Lines SHO Pravendra Bharati said the sections under which Babloo was charged, including Section 354 dealing with molestation charge, was bailable, so he was released on bail.Bablu also lodged an FIR against the dalit woman's husband, a GRP constable. The dalit woman who levelled the molestation charge against Bablu lives in the same locality and the two are neighbours. In his complaint, Bablu alleged the woman's husband assaulted him and tried to snatch his licensed revolver. The complainant's husband was also held and later released on bail.Denying stories that he intervened on his brother in-law's behalf, minister Prem Kumar said he happened to be in the locality to attend a social call and he was in no way connected with the incident. \"It was a dispute involving two individuals and I have nothing to do with the matter. I can not be held accountable for someone else's alleged offences. Rule of law prevails in the state and law will take its own course in the matter,\" Kumar told TOI.The complainant's husband told mediapersons that Bablu had constantly been harassing his wife. The complainant threatened to move the Bihar State Scheduled Case Commission if justice is not done to her.District BJP Chief Jainendra Kumar said that the incident has not harmed the party's image as the man charged with molestation was not a BJP activist and the party can not be held responsible for other people's actions. Law will take its own course, the BJP chief said.Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar said that he was not fully conversant with the facts of the case as he was on leave and joined only on Tuesday morning. \"Everybody is equal in the eyes of law and justice will be done,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12078376", "title": "Now, railways plans to sell tickets at post offices", "text": "PATNA: The railways has worked out a comprehensive plan to ensure availability of railway tickets at post offices. This plan is being given an impetus under the railway scheme which aims at ensuring journey tickets at door steps of the common people across the country.According to a Railway Board official, the railways has decided to tie-up with post offices located in both urban and rural areas to sell tickets in their respective areas. While the railways would provide equipment and training to post office employees, post offices will ensure availability of adequate space and manpower to man counters dealing in booking of such tickets, he said.Under the proposed plan, the post offices will collect and deposit cash at the RBI. The railways would continue to provide expertise to post office employees involved in direct booking and sale of tickets. These post offices would function on commission basis only, a Board official said.According to sources, there are over two dozen post offices which have been identified as ideal locations for booking tickets in Bihar falling under the jurisdiction of the East Central Railway (ECR). The railways is likely to set up locations for sale of tickets at remote places like Paliganj (Patna), Akbarpur (Sasaram), Tekari (Gaya) and few other locations in Bihar, sources said.Besides, the railways has also decided to ensure availability of tickets at select petrol pumps in and around the state capital as well as in major cities of the state. \"Talks are going on in the matter between the railway officials concerned and petrol pump owners to decide the modalities of ticket booking,\" said a Board official.According to sources, the railways has taken off pressure from the main PRS (passenger reservation system) counters by allowing sale of tickets in both urban and rural areas falling under ECR jurisdiction . Introduction of ticket sale or booking through 'online' system for e-tickets has evoked an impressive response at the country level. Cellphone ticket booking is gradually picking up in Delhi and a few other cities in the country, sources said, adding about 40 to 50 percent tickets are being sold or booked online these days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12079930", "title": "Arjun turns patriot, again!", "text": "Trust Action King Arjun to go back to his Jai Hind roots! The actor recently revealed that the climax of his forthcoming film Prasad, which is all set to release next month, will be 'patriotic in nature'.He says, \"I agreed to do this film because the climax will urge you to contribute something to society. Shooting for the movie .\" The highlight of the film, according to the actor, is not him, but the 7-year-old child artist, Sankalp. \"The movie is named after his character and Sankalp, despite being hearing and speech impaired, is a brilliant actor,\" he adds, \"In fact, even at times when we goofed up, he used to deliver his expressions well.\"Currently, Arjun is looking forward to starting shoot for Mani Ratnam's Kadal. The actor also has a film with Vasanth and another with producer Ravichandran up his sleeve. \"There's also a Bollywood flick on the cards, which we will finalize in a month or so,\" signs off the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12078259", "title": "Toddlers' killer gets jail", "text": "PATNA: The Daniyawan police in Patna district on Tuesday forwarded one Radhe Kumar, a resident of Alawalpur village, to jail in connection with the brutal murder of two toddlers, Gaurav (4) and Shaurav (3), both cousin brothers, whose bodies were recovered from a well at Alawalpur village on February 23.Daniyawan police station SHO Lal Mohan Singh said that the police arrested Kumar on Monday and interrogated him.He said that Kumar admitted that he had kidnapped the two children and murdered them. He carried out the entire operation with the help of two other associates, Singh said.Citing the reason behind the brutal killing and dumping their bodies in a well, the SHO said that Kumar's family was opposed to the illegal relation of Gaurav's father Rajesh Choudhary, a driver, with Kumar's sister.He said that Kumar told the police that earlier they had planned to eliminate Choudhary's entire family. \"But he found Rajesh's son playing with his cousin and he abducted both the children and murdered them,\" the SHO said and added that Kumar told him that he also kidnapped Shaurav as he might have disclosed his identity. Raids were on to arrest the other associates of Kumar, who were also involved in the heinous crime, Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12076480", "title": "Protest mars elections at Bahlolpur", "text": "NOIDA: Polling at Gautam Budh Nagar was largely peaceful except for a spontaneous protest by 500 residents of Bahlolpur. The residents alleged that thousands of voters were stopped from voting on flimsy pretext. People staged a dharna on NH-24, blocking traffic movement for almost two hours.BSP MP Surinder Nagar and BSP party worker from Noida, Naresh Yadav, have now written to the Election Commission demanding re-polling in the area. The protesters said the problem began around 7.30am.\"Some of us went to cast our votes but the officials stopped us saying our names were not in the list. Later, four to five men appeared and started fighting with us,\" said Mahesh Yadav, a resident of Budh Vihar. \"Names of 7,000 voters figured at the neighbouring booth in the Chijarsi area,\" said Surender Nagar from BSP, who is also the MP from Gautambudh Nagar. \"There was a minor problem as some unruly elements were creating a ruckus. However, nothing happened at or around the polling booth,\" said DM Hirdesh Kumar.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12077938", "title": "Level crossings pose hurdles at Safilguda", "text": "HYDERABAD: A bus and a truck coming from opposite directions battle for space on the narrow road at the level crossing while cars, autos and two-wheelers, too, try to manoeuvre their way through the gaps between them, honking furiously even as the alarm is sounded for the gate to close for another train to pass. This is the chaotic scene that is being played out every single day for over five years at the level crossings at Safilguda railway station and on the Neredmet-Safilguda road. With these level crossings located on a road which many people from the Safilguda area and neighbouring localities rely on to reach the city, the traffic jams caused every time a train passes by are a big worry. Moreover, the fact that these level crossings are slightly elevated only worsens the situation.The residents in these areas have been waiting in vain endlessly for a solution. Pavan Kumar, a student and a resident of Safilguda said, \"We have to pass through these level crossings to go towards Secunderabad. Any diversion becomes too long. Daily traffic jams at these level crossings are a big menace.\" The level crossing on the road from Neredmet to Safilguda is more troublesome as on many occasions the goods trains passing by stops at the crossing itself. A Kishore, owner of a shop near the level crossing said, \"On Monday, the train stopped midway and blocked the road for at least one hour. APSRTC buses, school buses, vans, trucks among a melange of auto mobiles use this road, and as a result, the traffic jams are the worst during rush hours.\"However, the traffic jams and the deafening noise from honking are not the only problems that worry residents. The elevated roads leading to the level crossings make it unsafe for vehicles. Venkatesh, a mechanic at a shop near the Safilguda railway station said, \"Instances of people falling off the elevated road during traffic jams are not uncommon. Nowadays, a traffic policeman stands here during rush hours to regulate traffic, but that too is of little help. The side of the road has been filled with mud to prevent vehicles from falling, but it has increased the risk of skidding.\"Another level crossing nearby which worries residents about the safety of the vehicles is the one on the bridge above the Ammuguda railway. Abhishek Roy, a resident of Vivekanandapuram, a colony near the Ammuguda railway station said, \"The bridge there can be very dangerous as the road is on a significant height and there is also a sharp curve on the slope. RTC buses which use this route makes the road scary.\"While there are no plans to construct underpasses or over bridges at the crossings above Ammuguda station and on the Neredmet-Safilguda road, authorities informed that plans to construct an underpass at the Safilguda station level crossing to ease the traffic congestion are in progress.Sambasiva Rao, chief PRO, South Central Railway said, \"In July or August last year, it was estimated that the project would cost nearly Rs 31 crore. The estimate was sent to the railway board and we are awaiting the sanction. I cannot say when the work is expected to commence as we don't know when we will get the nod.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12077896", "title": "Inquiry finds 4 cops negligent", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three days after the ruckus at Rose Festival, Chandigarh police have found four police personnel negligent as they did not respond to the calls of MC employees on Tuesday. The inquiry report states that there was a communication gap among cops and those who had received calls from Rose Garden.The probe was initiated when officials of horticulture wing of MC claimed that not a single cop rushed to the spot when around a dozen youths were damaging statues installed in the Rose Garden for the fest on February 25 night.Sources said four policemen, including assistant sub inspector (ASI) Jawant Singh of PS 17, sub inspector (SI) Nand Lal, head constable Suresh Kumar and Satya Parkash of police control room were found negligent in this regard.The inquiry was conducted by DSP (EOW) Kamaldeep Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12076074", "title": "Notorious tiger poacher nabbed in Sawai Madhopur", "text": "JAIPUR: In a major breakthrough against poaching of tigers, the flying squad of the forest department along with Tiger Watch on Monday nabbed a wanted poacher from Sawai Madhopur. He was involved in poaching of two tigers in Ranthambore and Sariska.Acting on a tip-off, a team of forest officials raided an area near Sawai Man Singh sanctuary and arrested Saalma alias Badri alias Jagdish on Monday evening.\"We were on the look out for him for a long time. He is wanted in two cases of poaching of tigers and runs a gang of poachers,\" Dharmendra Khandal of Tiger Watch said.The forest officials confirming arrest of the poacher added that since 2005 he was residing in and around Dumaria village in Bharatpur district of the state and Ranthambore National Park and Sariska Tiger Reserve were on his target. \"Though he was keeping a low profile for the last couple of years, he is an accused in two poaching cases in 1992 and 2005,\" a forest official said.Tiger Watch claimed they had specific information on the whereabouts of Saalma which they shared with the forest department officials. \"After efforts to locate him since morning, he was finally nabbed in the evening by our team,\" Sunder Sharma, assistant conservator, forest, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "nuvem", "code": "12076451", "title": "Heavyweights to test new playground", "text": "NUVEM: The Nuvem constituency may be a freshly carved battleground but the warhorses are battle weary and seasoned. Pitted against each other are power minister Aleixo Sequeira of the Congress and former tourism minister Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco who is the candidate of the Goa Vikas Party (GVK) of which he is the supremo. Stakes are high for both the political heavyweights, in terms of pride, prestige and political significance.The new constituency is carved out of the erstwhile Loutolim constituency-Nuvem, Loutolim and Nagoa areas-which are Sequeira's strongholds and the Benaulim assembly segment-Calata, Majorda, Utorda and Betalbatim areas-where Pacheco enjoys a good support base. Ever since the delimitation of the constituencies, Pacheco has been eyeing the Nuvem constituency and has also managed to cover considerable ground in Nuvem panchayat area. Political observers say that contrary to earlier presumptions Pacheco has also made considerable inroads in Loutolim panchayat area, which has the Sequeira camp worried.The Pacheco-camp is upbeat and is confident of winning the seat with remarkable ease. \"I will win with a huge margin, that's very much certain. I have no opposition at all,\" was how Pacheco rated his opponent. Pacheco promises to bring about development in Nuvem in five years which he says Sequeira was unable to do for the last 13 years that he has been representing Loutolim constituency.The ST community, which comprises nearly 50% of the electorate in the constituency, has strongly rallied behind Sequeira in the past and indications are that they are unlikely to change their allegiance this time.Besides, the Churchill Alemao-factor is another aspect that has come into play in this constituency. The PWD minister has thrown his weight behind Sequeira in the singular aim to defeat his bete noire Pacheco, who had wrested the Benaulim seat from him in the 2002 polls and had retained it in the 2007 elections.Alemao enjoys considerable support in some pockets of Nuvem and this is likely to boost Sequeira's prospects. The Save Goa Front (SGF) headed by Alemao had fielded Remedios Fernandes in the last assembly elections and Fernandes had polled 4,894 votes as against 6,435 votes polled by Sequeira.However, Sequeira has managed to rope in both Fernandes and Pausilipo Dourado who had also contested against him in the last polls, into his camp, a factor that is going to work to his advantage. Asked to comment on the fact that Churchill has been supporting Sequeira, Pacheco said it would hardly make any difference to his own prospects. \"It would be wise for him (Churchill) to concentrate on his own Navelim constituency and his daughter's Benaulim constituency where they are both already having tough times,\" Pacheco told TOI in an informal chat.Another factor that is likely to affect the poll outcome is the candidature of Marcus D'Souza, the former deputy sarpanch of Betalbatim, as he is likely to dig into Pacheco's votes.Sequeira's supporters, on the other hand, are banking on the fact that Sequeira provided employment to many in the power department for the last four years, besides many development works done in his constituency. They have dismissed opposition charges that there has been no development in his erstwhile Loutolim constituency.Significantly, however, though issues and ideologies are central to any polls, in Nuvem constituency, these are alien topics. Walk around any village corner in the constituency, and one invariably finds people wondering which of the two camps will loosen their purse strings more. Poll watchers agree. \"There's already a significant flow of cash and liquor. It will increase in the days to come and the votes will swing with the flow,\" a political observer said. At the moment, it is hard to say who enjoys an edge, poll watchers say.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12078643", "title": "Strike paralyses life in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Banking, insurance, posts, transport, oil and other vital sectors in Assam were paralysed due to the 24-hour nationwide general strike called by trade unions affiliated to political parties against UPA's policies on Tuesday.Though shops and markets were open, educational institutions remained closed. Except for state-run buses, public transport was off the roads.Expressing their solidarity with the greater interest of the employees, nine trade unions, including Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC), Hind Mazdoor Sangh (HMS), Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU), All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) and the Shram Parishad, joined hands in the state for the first time against what they termed as \"anti-labour policies\" of the UPA government.Though emergency services at the ONGC's Assam Assets, Guwahati Refinery, Numaligarh Refinery Limited, Digboi Refinery and Brahmaputra Valley fertilizer Corporation (BVFCL) at Namrup remained unaffected, Oil India Limited's (OIL) establishment at Duliajan, however, had to face the burnt of the bandh as there were picketing. A company spokesperson claimed that these disturbances were early in the day and by afternoon things returned to normal.In Bongaigaon refinery, contractual workers refrained from work. Except Assam State Transport Corporation's city bus services in Guwahati, public vehicles were off the roads throughout the state. All public sector banks were shut. Employees of some private banks joined the pretest programme under the banner of Bank Employees' Federation, North East. In Guwahati, schools remained closed. Train services were, however, not affected.\"We staged token protests in front of the branches seeking fulfillment of several demands of bank employees of the northeast. All 3,300 bank employees of the North East chapter of Bank Employees Federation joined the protest today,\" said Dinesh Kakati, the general secretary of the federation.\"It was a historic strike by the employees and workers of the country. In Assam, trade and employees' unions affiliated to different political parties jointly gave the call to observe the general strike. The main highlight of Tuesday's strike was the spiralling prices of essential commodities. Besides, socio-economic security of the workers of the unorganized sector was one of the demands,\" said the general secretary of CITU's Assam State Committee, Deven Bhattacharyya.He added that the state government should take up the cause of 81 per cent workers of the state, who belong to the unorganized sector, with urgency.\"The government is yet to consider the issues of tea labourers seriously. At present, they are getting Rs 71.50 as daily wages and Rs 14.20 for ration per family each day. Our demand is that the daily wage of the tea labourers should be increased to a minimum of Rs 200 a day.Several trade unions leaders were detained for picketing in the state. Three Citu volunteers were injured in police lathicharge in Nagaon district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mangalore/ udupi", "code": "12075924", "title": "Strike peaceful in Udupi, DK districts", "text": "MANGALORE/ UDUPI: Barring a few incidents of stone pelting on buses in Mangalore, the all India strike went on peacefully without any major untoward incidents in the twin districts of Udupi and DK on Tuesday. The strike called by trade unions was almost total and affected normal life as buses and majority of the autos stayed off the roads.Windshields of a private bus and five KSRTC buses were damaged in stone pelting in the morning. While, KSRTC buses were targetted at Padil, Pumpwell and Kodialbail, a private bus was partially damaged at Ballalbagh. Private buses remained off the roads as majority of the workers extended support to the nation wide protest. Meanwhile, KSRTC provided service as usual.KSRTC divisional controller M Ramesh told TOI that the division functioned normally and all the 150 departures were conducted as usual. \"However, the number of commuters was very less. We had to cancel seven trips in the Mangalore - Bangalore route ,\" he added. Majority of the autorickshaws stayed off the roads , while a few autorickshaws plied at Mangalore Central and Junction railway stations and near KSRTC bus stand.Bunder, which is the busiest trade area in the city, wore a deserted look with all traders downing shutters in support of strike and the private bus stand near State Bank remained paralysed. The Central Railway Station too witnessed low turnout in the number of passengers. Meanwhile, business went on as usual at the fish market near State Bank in the city.While functioning of all nationalized banks affected, private sector banks provided service to customers. Most of the schools remained closed due low turnout of students both in Udupi and DK. Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan deputy project co-ordinator N Shivaprakash said that the School Development and Monitoring Committees and private school managements had the option of declaring four local holidays in a year depending on local issues. Meanwhile, majority of the professional colleges functioned normally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12075847", "title": "60-yr-old dies in witness box in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: A 60-year-old man suffered heart attack while standing at the witness box in the civil court on Tuesday in Hubli. Sub-urban police station inspector K Puttaswamy told TOI that the deceased is Basavantappa Kabade, a resident of Bhavani Nagar, who had come to the court as a witness to a case pertaining to Rent Control Act. All of a sudden he collapsed in the witness box due to heart attack and died on the way to the hospital, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12077997", "title": "Fish oil can help keep brain young, cut shrinkage", "text": "LONDON: Eating fish can help keep your brain young, say scientists after finding that diets lacking omega-3 fatty acids hastens brain shrinkage and mental decline. Researcher at the University of California , Los Angeles, found that people who eat the least amount of omega-3 fatty acids, a key nutrients found in fish oil, had less brain mass - equivalent to about two years of chronological ageing.It's already known that low levels of omega-3 fatty acids are associated with poor scores for visual memory, problem solving, multi-tasking and abstract thinking.It is thought that omega-3 fatty acids in fish oils may reduce inflammation of the brain and play a part in brain development and nerve cell regeneration. In the new study, published in the journal Neurology, the researchers carried out brain scans of over 1,500 people with an average age of 67. They found a greater rate of brain shrinkage in those who lacked docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an omega-3 fatty acid that is thought to help nerve cells communicate with each other.\"People with lower blood levels of omega-3 fatty acids had lower brain volumes that were equivalent to about two years of structural brain ageing ,\" lead researcher Zaldy Tan was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12078322", "title": "Sushil Kumar Modi directive on financial discipline", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Tuesday issued directives to the officials to ensure steps to maintain financial discipline during the last month of March of financial year 2011-12. He also directed the principal secretary, finance, to ensure that excessive funds were not wasted under non-plan heads.Modi said after passing of budget in the state legislature, it would be expected from different departments that they use the allotted funds within stipulated time. He said that it has been found that in the last month of fiscal, excessive bills are sent to the treasury causing pressure on it. To maintain financial discipline and to control expenditure under non-plan heads, the finance department is issuing necessary directives, he added.The finance department has issued directive that none of the officials can withdraw funds in the month of March, 2012, if they had made 50 percent expenditure till February, 2012 or 20 percent of yearly allotment on office maintenance, vehicle's fuel, machines and other instruments under non-plan head plan. The ban would not be imposed on high court, governor's secretariat, BPSC, Employees Selection Commission, the State Election Commission and members of the state legislature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12076149", "title": "Narvekar wants judicial probe", "text": "MAPUSA: Two days after Calvim and Aldona locals demanded a judicial probe by a retired judge into the February 18 bus tragedy that killed six, MLA Dayanand Narvekar echoed them.Narvekar told reporters he \"preferred\" a retired judge of the high court investigating the case.\"I fully endorse the views of the people of Calvim-Aldona that a judicial inquiry should be ordered into the Calvim bus tragedy where four young school children were drowned along with two elders,\" Narvekar said.He alleged, \"My information from my friends , well wishers and eye witnesses suggests that the driver who claimed to be driving the bus was not at the steering wheel but some other person was driving the bus when it slipped into the water.\"He also claimed the police \"are protecting some vested interests\". \"It is found that the police department is carrying out some agenda by approaching some eye witness, including school children, at night, as reported to me by some parents,\" Narvekar said.He added that he has spoken to the North Goa collector, the DySP and the Mapusa PI. \"But it looks like the tragedy has been hushed up due to some police link and also because of political influence,\" Narvekar alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-29"}
