{"city": "None", "code": "17635842", "title": "Jamie Foxx gets surprise birthday treat", "text": "Actor Jamie Foxx was treated to a birthday surprise by his relatives and friends earlier this week. Foxx turned 45 Dec 13.Following an appearance on \"The Late Show With David Letterman\", the actor went to a restaurant named Mr. Chow with a friend, but no one was there. The friend then told him he needed to pick someone up at a bowling alley, and Foxx dejectedly went along. But instead they wound up at the General, a Lower East Side restaurant set to open in January, where, to Foxx's surprise, 25 of his friends and relatives were waiting, reports nypost.com.Jazz pianist Eric Lewis , a.k.a. ELEW, led the entire group in singing \"Happy Birthday\" for Foxx.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17633624", "title": "Concept store draws attention of locals", "text": "RAIPUR: A uniquely designed concept store with dress collections, foot wears, a coffee shop, a library, tarot card reading is catching the attention of Raipurians.Sprawled in an area of 3000 sq.ft, Azra is the first concept store of its kind in central India.Founders Khushboo Saraogi Maggu is a management graduate in marketing and has done her fashion studies from Instituto Marangoni (Milan) while Sahil Maggu - a self-confessed shopaholic and management graduate is hoping that the store will be a hit in the city.The founders after spending a lifetime in Mumbai and Bangalore have realized the potential Raipur offers for a unique concept store and have passionately worked towards setting it up.AZRA aims to showcase a pool of highly talented designers and the most applauded labels from the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633341", "title": "The battle against bingeing", "text": "Sunita Pattani realised her problem was out of control when she woke up one morning to find her husband was leaving her. \"He said to me, 'It's not that I don't love you, but I can't be with you anymore. I don't know how to help you and I can't watch you doing this to yourself,' and then he packed his stuff and was gone within half an hour.\"Pattani wasn't ruining their life together by taking drugs, or having an affair, or making crazy demands on their relationship. She didn't drink, or gamble and she wasn't abusive. But she was suffering from a disorder that often goes unrecognised, even by its sufferers.Pattani had binge-eating disorder , or BED. Even though it is less well-publicised than its destructive companions, anorexia and bulimia, BED affects the highest proportion of the population \u00e2\u20ac\u201d around three per cent.For Pattani, it began gradually . She dieted in her teens and when a diet failed she would fall off the wagon and indulge in sugary treats, but she maintained an average size 12 figure. Then, when she was 26, her nan passed away and she dealt with the grief by bingeing.\"I could not bear to go on another diet, but I had done it for so long, I didn't know how to eat sensibly . The more I ate the guiltier I felt. I went up from a size 12 to 20 in one year. I was ashamed, I was stuck, it was terrible. I stopped socialising and I stopped going out.\"The overeating can be extreme, with sufferers consuming up to 20,000 calories in one bingeing session . Annemarie Louw, the unit head at the eating disorder treatment centre, Montrose Manor, says: \"Binges lead to feelings of guilt about losing control, and the individual wakes up the following day thinking they should starve themselves as punishment or compensation for the binge the night before. The cycle starts again. This cycle accompanies strong feelings of being in control while not eating and guilt, shame and low selfesteem when bingeing.\"Sian Renwick has struggled with binge eating disorder since university. She says: \"I have never in my life had a stable weight for more than one month. My aim now isn't to be slim. I just want to be one weight, any weight, for more than a month. I've had it in my mind that I want this to be sorted by the time I'm 30, but the closer it gets the less likely I think it will be.\"I am quite introverted anyway , but I stopped going out because I was worried about not having control over what I ate. If someone asked, I would lie about why I wasn't eating, I'd say I was on antibiotics. I had 1001 excuses. I stopped doing most things. Eventually, the only person I was interacting with was my boyfriend, other than my family. He has always been amazing. He is incredibly patient but I can't talk to him as much as he would like me to. That does create a distance that's very hard to overcome.\"It's equally a factor with my parents. We can't talk about it, because they don't know how to ask and I don't know how to tell.\"According to Emmy Gilmour, an eating disorders specialist and the clinical director of the Recover Clinic, secrecy and isolation are common effects of the illness . \"Binge eating encourages you to isolate, because bingeing fuels that sense of shame and paranoia, and if it goes challenged , people feel they need to shut themselves off from the world. I meet a lot of women who have lived with binge eating into their forties or fifties and never tried to seek help.\"We are treating several people who are coming to therapy without their husbands' knowledge . We had a new admission this week, and for her just the experience of being in a room with other women who had experienced the same thing was the most amazing comfort.\"\"I honestly think that this form of eating is an addiction,\" says Nathan Bialek, who is 36 and has suffered from a cycle of dieting and bingeing since he was a young adult. \"If I have a packet of biscuits, bag of sweets or any other treats in the house, I can't stop thinking about them until they are devoured.\"Many sufferers describe the illness as an addiction or compulsion , and there is evidence to support the theory, showing that binge eaters' brains produce higher amounts of dopamine, a \"reward \" chemical, when they eat. But to consider the disorder as a purely physical illness belies the emotional trauma. THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17632941", "title": "'Corruption shouldn't make us lose faith in democracy'", "text": "VARANASI: Expressing serious concern over rampant corruption in the country, Justice RM Lodha, judge, Supreme Court of India, said the biggest loss that may occur due to corruption is loss of faith in democracy.\"Being the largest democracy of 1.2 billion people, India cannot afford corruption because we cannot allow democracy to be weakened, because we cannot allow rule of law to be affected, because we cannot let our forbearers down who struggled hard to give us free India, and because we cannot fail our great constitution,\" he said while delivering convocation the address at Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapith on Saturday.He said a university campus and an audience of young people is surely an appropriate place to speak about the growing danger of corruption in the country. Corruption was not invented in India nor is it a product of modern India, he said.The British colonial regime contributed heavily to this malady, he said, quoting Cornwell Lewis, a member of British House of Commons- \"No civilized government existed on this earth which was more corrupt, more perfidious and more rapacious than the government of the East India Company from 1765-1784\".He further stated that corruption reduces revenue to the state, and slows down economic activity and holds back economic growth. Corruption appears in several permutations and degrees of intensity. Degrees of intensity vary from occasional acceptance of bribes to systemic corruption. What is more worrying is that there are very few people who look forward to honestly earned and legitimate money. Most young people look towards easily and dishonestly gotten wealth, he rued. They accept this new immoral activity as the norm and find it 'normal'. He called upon the graduates to must keep in mind that ethical life is richer than immoral wealth.Justice Lodha also expressed his concern over growing unemployment and said rising unemployment is taking a heavy toll on young people more than ever before. They have become a vulnerable group in the society.\"It is imperative that we make our youth employable, provide them level-playing field opportunities and enable them to develop individual skills for entrepreneurship at macro level,\" he said, adding that strategic plans at macro level should address comprehensive development to control and mitigate the unemployment issue.The challenges to youth can be objectively and comprehensively overcome by human resource planning, education and training for long employability, development and promotion of self-employment, fulfilling social obligations and responsibilities, and sourcing and delivery system of employment.In his address, the chancellor and governor of UP BL Joshi highlighted the importance of education and said universities should play the pivotal role of strengthening the young generation through education and skill development. He said the university is a source of development of human resource of a country.Quoting Pt Jawaharlal Nehru , he said, \"If all is well with our universities, all is well with our nation\". Welcoming the guests, MGKV vice chancellor Dr Prithvish Nag highlighted the academic performance of the university and efforts being made to further improve the functioning of university system. The governor and Justice Lodha also distributed gold medals and certificates to 49 meritorious students on the occasion.Trial by media weakens constitutional institutions: SC judgeJustice RM Lodha, judge, Supreme Court of India, is not in favour of media trial of any accused.It is not fair to hold a trial by media of any accused as it violates the fundamental rights of the accused person, he said while addressing the convocation at Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapith on Saturday. He said that media trial may also weaken the constitutional institutions of the country. \"Media has a great responsibility, and it should expose corruption and bring it to public domain only without conducting a media trial. It should be left to the legal procedures to determine whether the accused is guilty,\" he said.Justice Lodha, however, advocated for the freedom of media. The media itself should determine its limit, he said. He also advised the investigating agencies to do their job fearlessly without coming under pressure from any quarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632146", "title": "Former Jamia VC M Amin no more", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mohammad Amin, one of India's most distinguished historians and educationist, died in New Delhi on Friday. He was 86.Affectionately called Amin Saheb, he taught Medieval Indian history at St Stephen's College from 1949 to 1993. He also served as the vice chancellor of Jamia Hamdard University. He was awarded the Padma Bhushan. Amin Saheb was survived by his wife Khursheed Amin, son Shahid Amin and daughter Ghazala Amin.Mukul Kesavan, a noted scholar and a former student of Amin Saheb, said, \"Amin Saheb was the heart and soul of St Stephen's College for half a century. He taught medieval Indian history to generations of undergraduates with easy grace and good humour, unobtrusively, almost in passing, infusing their college lives with a rare sense of warmth.\"Kesavan adds, \"His extraordinary memory for names and faces, his affection for students past and present made St Stephen's College seem a living community. He will be dreadfully missed.\"Last respects can be paid at 20 Cavalry Lane, Delhi University from 11pm to 2pm on Sunday. The burial will take at Kabristan Mehdiyan at 3pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17637101", "title": "GV Prakash to debut as producer", "text": "Music composer GV Prakash is all set to step into the shoes of a producer. He reveales that he would soon float a production house later this month and that he'll be introducing a new director and the script has come out really well.The composer had revealed about his new venture in his microblog account tweeting, \"Launching my film production company in a week. Will be introducing a new director new cast and crew. Script is superb. Will be a promising batch of youngsters. Looking Forward\" (sic). G V Prakash is also getting ready to debut as an actor in AR Murugadoss' home production, in which he'll be seen in the role of a musician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17632993", "title": "Keep decision on Afzal Guru in abeyance: Prakash Ambedkar", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Bharatiya Republican Party (BRP) - Bahujan Mahasangh president Prakash alias Balasaheb Ambedkar, on Saturday, demanded the government to put the hanging of Afzal Guru, convicted in the Parliament attack case, in abeyance to avoid strengthening of separatist forces in Jammu &amp; Kashimir. Ambedkar, a former MP, said the move to hang Afzal Guru would end up in him being branded as a martyr in Kashmir and provide a rallying point for the separatists, who are presently in splinters.\"Over 80% of the Kashmiri population wants to stay with India, and with Afzal Guru's execution, the separatists will get a weapon to whip up emotions and burn the valley,'' said Ambedkar while speaking to newsmen here on Saturday. He was in the city to attend a party workers' meet.He also clarified that he was not sympathetic to the separatists or Afzal Guru, who has definitely had done wrong things. \"But I want to alert the government and the president against indulging in a serious political blunder for a small political gain,\" he said referring to the reported statement of Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde that a decision in case of Afzal Guru would soon be taken. \"This implies that the president might not be allowed to apply his mind in this case.\"Ambedkar said he knew the situation well as he was part of the first Parliamentary delegation to visit the Kashmir valley in 1988.He demanded the government to allow the police to deal with the separatist elements, as has been done in the case of Punjab. He said he sympathized wholly with the victims of the Parliament attack, as many of those killed had helped and supported him during the Parliament sessions when he had met with an accident and could not move on his own. \"But we have to think in a broader perspective to save Kashmir,\" he added.Ambedkar also ruled out the possibility of the formation of a third front prior to the general election. He said that there were many parties who didn't see eye to eye in one state, but might have some understanding in another.\"In Maharashtra too, it's not yet clear whether the Congress and NCP would fight the election in alliance, especially when there is strong possibility of a coalition government coming to power at the center. Anyone with a support of 40 to 50 MPs could stake claim for prime ministership after the 2014 general election.Equations in other parties in Maharashtra might change as well. The BJP wants to take the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena along, but this will not be possible when Shiv Sena is around.\"However, neither the BJP nor the Congress was in a position to form government at the center,\" he added. Senior party leaders Avinash Dolas, B H Gaikwad, Ram Perkar and Amit Bhuigal were also present at the briefing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633466", "title": "School head arrested for death of boy", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tiruvallur police on Saturday arrested the correspondent of Sri Venkateswara Vidyalaya, holding him responsible for the death of a schoolboy on Tuesday on the school campus .The Minjur police booked Arumainayagam, 58, under IPC Section 304(A). Police said Lokesh, 10, a Class 5 student, was found unconscious while playing hide-and-seek with friends. He reportedly came in contact with a broken electric socket in the school auditorium and was electrocuted .\"The correspondent was arrested for his failure to act responsibly which led to the death of the boy. The premilinary postmortem report suggested the boy was electrocuted . We are awaiting the final report,\" a police officer said. The correspondent was produced before a court in Ponneri and released on bail.This is the third incident in which a school head has been arrested on similar charges. Earlier this year, N Vijayan, principal and correspondent of Zion Group of Schools in Selaiyur, was arrested after one of his school students, six-year-old Shruthi, died after falling through a hole on the floor of the school bus in which she was travelling.Arrests were made after a boy drowned in the swimming pool at Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan this year, though those arrested were granted bail immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17632935", "title": "Will of steel &amp; drive to surmount barriers", "text": "Fifteen years ago, his dreams of making a career abroad crashed when after he met with an accident en route to Mumbai Airport . Literally crushed and paralysed from the waist down, this software engineer's life turned into a dreary nightmare. Not the one to let fate have the last laugh, he went on to pursue a successful career in the IT industry (he works with a top rung Indian IT MNC) and made it his mission to brighten the lives of those who have met with a similar fate. Dilip Patro, founder, The Ability People, shares his walk of life with Venkatesh Bayya.How was life after the accident and who inspired you?Those days were terrible. Though my family, friends and my company supported me I felt utterly helpless and dejected. I had no idea where to go to for counselling and psychological therapy. What was worse, depression was taking hold of me and I felt as if I was wandering into a no-comeback zone. But things have changed in the last seven years and today, life is a joyous affair.What was the turning point?It was an American gentleman named Jonathan who made me realize that despite the crippling injury I could be as self-sufficient as anybody. Despite being physically challenged, he could do practically everything that I could only dream of doing at that point of time. His efforts sparked the independent streak in me and today I not only take care of myself but also run an organisation that provides services, not charity, to special people like me.You abhor the word charity. Why?We are not beggars. All we ask for is empathy, an understanding of our peculiar situation and the challenges we face. Today many people like me have taken giant strides towards bringing about a change in people's attitude towards us. They must understand we do not like to be sympathised with.Have you seen any change in attitude of society?There has definitely been a change. Things were not the same 15 years ago when I met with that accident. Today people do not treat me as someone who should be shown pity. Instead they try to understand my situation. The government too has realised that we can stake our claim in society and that it is no longer about providing us with dole and reservations. They (government) are keen on playing a major role in the rehabilitation of people like us. All this is mainly due to awareness.What needs to be done to make Indian society more disabled friendly?We need accessibility and inclusion. We should be allowed to go where others can and we need an inclusive policy that makes sure that people cannot deny us the right to grow. We should not be denied the right to study or find employment, whether it be in the private sector or in the government sector. Despite our problems we should be able to work and contribute to society just like everybody else. For that we need to be independent without having to trouble others in our day-to-day activities. In other words, we should be mobile, strong and motivated enough to 'stand on our feet'. The government should play a major role in providing us the required technology and expertise, while society should be more inclusive by providing us greater employment opportunities. Both will happen, if not immediately, definitely in the years to come.Can you tell us about The Ability People?It began five years ago as a counselling centre and developed into an organisation providing various services to people with problems similar to mine like physiotherapy, guidance concerning self-reliance among others. We have a toll free number 18004258911, through which similarly affected people can reach us. We have provided custom-made active wheel chairs to cater to the requirements of individuals. In fact the wheel chairs also enable us to climb up and down stairs, if your arms are strong enough. More importantly, we also try to rehabilitate our members.Today you are a peer counsellor. What does that mean?Peer counsellors are those who help similarly affected people. We are licensed to help others rehabilitate. My experience at the 8th ASCON (Asian Spinal Cord Network) conference in 2009 in Nepal and ISCON (International Spinal Cord Network) conference in New Delhi in 2010 helped me interact with many similarly abled people and their drive and enthusiasm paved way for me to do my bit. We also conduct seminars on road and traffic safety measures with the help of the police because we realised that a majority of the over 20,000 people in India who suffer debilitating spinal injuries each year do so because of road crashes.What are the future plans?So far we have rehabilitated about 200 such individuals. In the next four months, we plan to distribute active wheel chairs to about 300-odd affected individuals. We will also start a full-fledged rehabilitation centre, which will be the first of its kind in the state, in Visakhapatnam very soon. There are only two such centres in India -- CMC in Vellore and India Spinal Injury Centre in New Delhi. There is one more in Pune but it only caters to the defence personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17632668", "title": "KVS regional awards conferred", "text": "BHOPAL: Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) regional incentive award ceremony 2012 was held at KV No 2 on Saturday. All in all, 15 teachers of KVs of Bhopal region were awarded for their sincere services towards the cause of education on the occasion.Professor Vijay Agarwal, director NITTTR, was the chief guest while H K Sanhotra, deputy commissioner of KVS Bhopal, presided over the function.The award ceremony was followed by a cultural extravaganza of Marathi, Chhattisgarhi and Rajasthani dances among others presented by the students of various KVs of Bhopal. The chief guest appreciated the policies and progress of KVs and congratulated the teachers. H K Sanhotra appreciated the services of the awardee members and said that it is teachers like them who are taking the Sangathan in the road of progress.Various principals including Preeti Saxena, principal of KV No 2 were also present. The teachers who were awarded are: Bazil David (KV no 3), S Shrivastava (KV no 2), K Bhaskar (Kv no 3), Urmila Katoch (Kv Bairagarh), Dr R N Mishra (Kv Bairagarh), Ragini Singh (Kv Bairagarh), A Shrivastava (Kv Bairagarh), Ramesh Baboo Vishwakarma (KVS RO), Premlata Malviya (Kv no 1, Indore), Hemant Vakil (Kv no 1, Indore), Kalpana Joshi (Kv Raisen), Shraddha Jha (Kv Dhar), R P Prajapati (Kv Karera), Shiv Dutt Ram (Kv Amla) and Rajnish Sharma (Kv Ujjain).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17632284", "title": "Water Board asks erring consumers to pay up", "text": "HUBLI: The Water Board here has set a December 31 deadline for Hubli-Dharwad residents to pay their pending water bills. The board will disconnect water connections of consumers who fail to adhere to the deadline.In November, the Water Board had several drives to create awareness among citizens to pay their water bills promptly, but yielded little result. CM Jagadish Shettar inaugurated the skating and cycle jatha in Hubli to create awareness among citizens to pay their pending water bills without interest; Hubli Dharwad mayor even began a door-to-door collection of bills. Board officers and employees along with the area corporator and NGOs visited the wards urging consumers to pay their pending bills.Despite the awareness camp, the board did not receive the expected response for the one-time settlement (OTS) option. R N Anvekar, revenue officer of Water Board, said that they have disconnected around 50 water connections in Ramalingeshwarnagar of those who have not paid bills from years, and some of illegal connections. The board will also issue a legal notice to those who have not paid their bills since years.Jayaram, executive engineer, Water Board, said, \"We have been creating awareness to pay pending water bills without interest, but people are not showing any interest. So as per KMC Act we plan to disconnect water connections of those who have not paid their bills.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17635989", "title": "India pursuing Capt Kalia's case with Pakistan: Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is pursuing with Pakistan the case of Captain Saurabh Kalia, who was tortured and killed by Pakistani troops after being captured in the Kargil sector in May 1999, defence minister, AK Antony , said today.\"We are handling it in an appropriate manner. We will pursue it and now we are pursuing it with Pakistan,\" he told reporters here after laying a wreath at the Amar Jawan Jyoti to commemorate the 41st anniversary of the Indian victory in the 1971 war with Pakistan.The minister was asked if India was pushing for a probe by Pakistan into the death of Captain Kalia.Captain Kalia's father, NK Kalia, has taken up the case with the United Nations Human Rights Commission for a direction to Pakistan to probe the death of his son.He has also filed a plea in the Supreme Court to direct the government to take up the case of his son's torture at the International Court of Justice (ICJ) at the Hague. The Supreme Court had on Friday sought response from the Centre on NK Kalia's plea.However, India is not in favour of taking the matter to ICJ as it feels that it was a bilateral issue and it has always maintained that there should be \"non-interference\" by ICJ in \"bilateral or internal\" matters.\"And this(Kalia issue) is obviously a bilateral matter between India and Pakistan and, therefore, the position we have taken in ICJ for a very, very good reason,\" external affairs minister, Salman Khurshid , has said.He stressed that India should not give up that position \"lightly\" as \"it will cost us a great deal\".In May 1999, Captain Kalia had gone out for patrol duty in Kaksar area of Kargil along with five other soldiers\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Sepoys Arjunram Baswana, Mula Ram Bidiasar, Naresh Singh Sinsinwar, Bhanwar Lal Bagaria and Bhika Ram Mudh.They were caught by the Pakistan Army, which kept them in captivity for over 22 days and subjected them to brutal torture which was evident from their bodies that were handed over by the Pakistan Army to India on June 9, 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17632842", "title": "Charges untrue, baseless: Narottam Mishra", "text": "BHOPAL: Housing minister and spokesman of the state government, Dr Narottam Mishra has described as untrue and baseless the charges leveled by the leader of the opposition Ajay Singh about revenue loss worth Rs. 5,000 crore in Bhopal's redensification scheme.In a statement released after the press conference of Singh, he said that the policy of fixing zero lease rent in redensification scheme is prevalent since year 2002 when Madhya Pradesh had Congress in the power. Lease rent for the land was fixed through open tender due to which full market rate was realized. He informed that the value of 15 acre land was Rs 82 crore as per the estimates of collector guideline against which Gammon India paid Rs 338 crore.He alleged that Singh is playing in the hands of vested interests. He claimed that the government has maintained total transparency in this project. Dr Mishra also said that so far as question of the land being freehold, it is clear from facts that the land has never become freehold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17632406", "title": "AAI officials fudged \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcnear-miss\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 data", "text": "MUMBAI: Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh recently announced that 65 'airprox' incidents \u00e2\u20ac\u201d situations where two or more moving aircraft come in proximity of each other -- took place over Indian skies in the past three years. But airprox statistics from Mumbai airport alone are enough to show that the minister's statement has no proximity to truth.Data collected from air traffic records shows that in 2011 itself, 54 airprox incidents took place at Mumbai airport, involving aircraft that were landing.Because of error on part of the air traffic controller or the pilots, these aircraft came in proximity with other aircraft and so had to abort the descent and do a climb (go-around, in aviation parlance) to return for a second attempt at landing.In India, air traffic management is handled by the Airports Authority of India (AAI), a public sector undertaking. \"AAI officials have been fudging airprox data since the past four years or so. One of the prime reasons is that under the existent system, air traffic controllers involved in these incidents stand to lose 50-70% of their take-home salary till the time the investigations are complete,'' said a source. Many other countries do not follow this system. They do not levy financial penalties as the prime objective is to encourage airprox reporting and thus improve safety.AAI defines airprox as a situation \"in which, in the opinion of a pilot or air traffic service personnel, the distance between aircraft as well as their relative positions and speed have been such that the safety of the aircraft involved may have been compromised\". It further goes on to classify airprox incidents into four categories based on the seriousness of the incidents, which is how close the aircraft came to each other.\"But only two out of the 54 airprox incidents reported in Mumbai were investigated as per the norms laid down,'' said a highly placed source. \"So we do not know how many of the remaining 52 can be categorized as serious incidents. Not carrying out a proper investigation means not learning from our mistakes,'' said the official.How does an airprox affect an air traffic controller? Air traffic controllers earn, what is called a \"rating allowance\" and \"stress allowance\". Before 2008, the quantum of these allowances was small. In September 2008, after the boom in aviation led to a rise in flights and increased air traffic congestion over airports, making the job of a controller more stressful, these allowances were increased manifold.So a senior air traffic controller, based in Mumbai, who has all the ratings - in other words, who is qualified to handle all air traffic control jobs -- now earns a monthly \"rating allowance\" of Rs 26,000 and another Rs 26,000 as \"stress allowance\". A junior controller with a basic rating earns an allowance of Rs 4,500 and another Rs 4,500 as stress allowance.\"Because of increased air traffic congestion, the number of airprox incidents went up. On the other hand, post 2008, the allowances made up for 50-70% of take home salary. An air-traffic controller under investigation for airprox is literally penalized as his rating allowance is discontinued and so the tendency was to ignore these incidents,'' the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632239", "title": "21% of murders in last four years over trivial issues: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: A father murdering his son for being denied his fair share in dinner isn't unusual in a city that witnesses murders over the pettiest of reasons. In statistics mentioned by Delhi Police, around 19-21% of all murders committed in the capital in the past four years were due to provocation over trivial issues.\"Many murders in the past few years have taken place in a fit of rage and without planning. Most of those who carried out a murder neither had criminal motive nor were they criminals. In fact, 90% of the people arrested on murder charges this year are novices,\" said a senior crime branch officer.The Delhi Police recently updated a list of the most bizarre reasons for murder this year on its official website. \"The reasons this year include an argument over who will get the bigger share of a blanket (PS South Rohini), refusal to pay the food bill (PS Kalyanpuri), 'excessive' crying by an infant (PS Jyoti Nagar), not paying for a glass of juice (PS Alipur), denying liquor (PS Dwarka South), refusing to hand over a half-burned biri (PS Safdarjung Enclave), and an argument over Rs 150 (PS Mangol Puri),\" said additional DCP (PRO), Rajan Bhagat.Most often, both the accused and the victim were close friends or relatives. A 45-year-old man was stabbed to death by his childhood friend after a heated argument over Rs 100. The incident was reported from north Rohini. \"We need to educate people. Mere policing is not enough to reverse the trend. We need the community to come forward and help us,'' said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "17631743", "title": "Youth eats spiked biscuits in movie hall, falls unconscious", "text": "MALEGAON: A 24-year-old powerloom worker Syed Raheem Syed Lateef lost consciousness after he ate biscuits offered to him by a stranger in a theatre.According to the victim, who is recuperating in a hospital, he was watching the last show of a film, at Kakani theatre on Thursday, when an unidentified man sat next to him. The stranger began chatting with him about the film, befriended him and later offered him biscuits.Soon after consuming the biscuits, Syedfelt drowsy and could hardly see. \"I looked for the person next to me, but he was nowhere in sight\", he said. He managed to leave the theatre. \"After walking for some distance, I fell unconscious and don't know how I reached home,\" he said.His family members said he was unconscious when he was brought home by someone who identified him after he fell on the road. \"He was breathing with difficulty. After consulting a doctor, we admitted him in a local hospital,\" his elder brother said.Dr. Saleha Aafreen, the RMO of the hospital, said that the victim was stable and recovering. She said, he was unable to give details like taste and colour of what he ate. \"We are waiting for the laboratory test reports for further diagnosis and to find out the exact nature of the poison\", she said.A police complaint has been lodged. An investigating officer, on condition of anonymity, said they suspected it to be a case of robbery. \"We are not sure of the motive and who could be behind it as no such incident has occurred in the past. But, prima facie it looks to be a case of attempted robbery,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17636577", "title": "Sardar Singh, VR Raghunath stars of HIL auctions", "text": "NEW DELHI: India captain Sardar Singh became the highest-paid marquee player at the inaugural Hockey India League auctions as the Delhi franchise bought him for USD 78,000 (Rs 42.49 lakh), while drag-flicker VR Raghunath also grabbed quite a few eyeballs with an intense bidding war for him on Sunday.Raghunath was eventually bought by Sahara Uttar Pradesh Wizards for USD 76,000 (Rs 41.40 lakh) after a lot of drama.Such was the bidding war for Raghunath between UP Wizards and Delhi Waveriders that his ultimate sale price turned out to be USD 10,000 more than UP franchise's marquee player Teun de Nooijer , who was bought for USD 66,000 (Rs 35.93 lakh).As per rules, a marquee player will get 15 percent more than the highest-paid player of the team and thus Raghunath's price would fetch more for De Nooijer. Interestingly, Raghunath's base price was only USD 13,900 (Rs 7.56 lakh).But Raghunath's senior teammate Sandeep Singh had an embarrassing day as he was merely paid his base price of USD 27,800 (Rs 15.13 lakh) by Mumbai team.The other highlight was young defender Rupinder Pal Singh fetching USD 56,000 (Rs 30.48 lakh) from Delhi after starting with a modest base price of USD 9,250 (Rs 5.03 lakh) in an interesting bidding war that surprised one and all.\"I am extremely delighted that I have been able to command a good price. I wasn't aware about my price as I was a bit late in coming. By the time I reached here, I was already sold,\" Sardar said with a smile of contentment after being snapped by Delhi Waveriders.Will the India captain and his teammates pull each other's leg about their respective prices, Sardar replied, \"Certainly. All of us won't let go a chance to indulge into leg-pulling sessions. Already the facebook is filled with updates.\"Ace drag-flicker Sandeep was left red-faced during the silent bidding of the marquee players as he found to his dismay that Mumbai Magicians have got him for his base price of USD 27,800 (Rs 15.13 lakh). India's captain in the London Olympics debacle, Bharat Chetri, was among the notable unsold players of the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631436", "title": "Fruit research station: Another victim of govt apathy", "text": "NAGPUR: There seems to be no end to the step motherly and apathetic attitude of the state government towards Vidarbha. One of the most important research centre of the Akola-based Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) at Katol, the fruit research station (FRS) is an ideal example of this.Two years ago state government had sanctioned Rs14.4 crore as strengthening fund. It gave an administrative approval to the PDKV on August 5, 2010 (PDKV-2009/L.no 65/8-A)for the amount but even after two years the university is yet to get the approval of the finance department , let alone receiving the money.\"When it comes to planning or releasing funds for health or agriculture Vidarbha always comes last for the state government. The Katol station is doing a good work and can actually be of great use to the region if the money comes to strengthen the infrastructure. But the government has not even given the financial approval to the money approved by it itself. Hope government releases the money during the ongoing winter session,\" said Manoj Jawanjal, secretary of Nagpuri Santra Utpadak Sangh in Katol. The farmers of the region have faith in the research station, hence during season they line up for planting material from as early as 5am.The centre is known for developing a sweet orange variety called 'Katol Gold' and seedless Mandarin. The bud grafts of these varieties are supplied to the farmers of Vidarbha. Despite facing money and staff crisis the station has brought out 50 recommendations for better yield of fruits in different disciplines like horticulture, entomology, plant protection, soil chemistry, agronomy and plant physiology.The area under citrus crop is increasing day by day. The production, marketing and pre and post harvest marketing problems are yet to be resolved to some extent. For the benefit of the citrus growers of the region, the strengthening of the research station with advance laboratory equipments is a need of the day.Speaking to TOI, station in-charge Prof VS Gonge said, \"Rs14.4 crore was sanctioned for a project meant to bring advance laboratory equipments, farmer's training centre and hostel under Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY). The administrative approval for the project was given by state agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy development and fisheries department. But, the funds are yet to be released.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17631404", "title": "Sankrail land losers left in lurch", "text": "HOWRAH: Motorists taking the NH-6 may come across a huge stretch of vacant land, off the highway near Dhulagarh Chowrasta in Sankrail. The land measuring 550 acres between railway stations Sankrail and Abada is lying vacant since the eighties after the state government acquired it for the railways. Sankrail land losers, like the ones in Singur, want their land back after they came to know from the minister of state for railways Adhir Chowdhury that land loser families may not necessarily get jobs as compensation to the acquired land.With land price appreciating for all these years, the land price in this prime location has soared to Rs 2.5 lakh a cottah, more than 100 times the price when the land was acquired, at Rs 1600 a cottah. But no railway project has come up in the land leaving the land loser families in the lurch.Tapan Malik, 35, of Mahisgot mouza under the project area, runs errands for a local enterprise to run his family. \"My father gave four bighas of land to the government for the railway project. That was all he had. The proposed railway project would have generated jobs for the area. But it didn't happen. I want the state government to take up the matter with the Centre and help us get back our portion of the land,\" Malik said.There was a flicker of hope for land losers when Mamata Banerjee, as railway minister announced a coach factory for Sankrail and also promised a job to each land loser family. But that was not to be. Like the Trinamool did in Singur, the CPM-led Bhumihara Committee threw a spanner on the project, prompting the railways to shift it to Haldia. Sankrail people didn't give up hope though.Now with the Congress taking over the railways, there is little for the Sankrail people to look forward to. Minister of state for railways, Adhir Chowdhury, has clearly mentioned that it is not possible for the railways to give jobs to each land loser family. \"The announcement has come as a blow to the land losers in Sankrail. We have decided to take up matter with the new railway minister before we hit the streets,\" said Krishi Jiban O Jibika Raksha Committee president and karmadhyaksha of the Trinamool-run Sankrail panchayat samity Mohammed Siddique.\"Even after Mamata Banerjee handed down her mantle to Mukul Roy as railway minister, the railways didn't dump the project. Roy told us that he was looking at the Sankrail land with a positive mind. But things started changing after the Trinamool quit the UPA. We will be writing a letter to the new railway minister Pawan Bansal seeking his intervention. We would appeal to him to allow the land losers to use the land till it is lying vacant as long as projects do not come up,\" Siddique said.The committee will also approach chief minister Mamata Banerjee requesting her to use the land for other industry projects when getting land for industry is becoming difficult in Bengal.However, land losers are on the edges. They wanted the promised job or the government to return the land that is lying unutilized for decades.\"My family gave 4.2 bighas land for the railway projects. Nothing has come up except a freight terminal yard set up immediately after the acquisition. But the number of rakes coming to the yard is going down everyday. I work there but don't earn enough job of handling railway consignment to support my family. I want the job, else the government should return the land,\" said Sanatan Bar.Howarh Trinamool Congress is planning a stir in the district in January because that helps them to kill two birds with one stone - Congress minister Adhir Chowdhury who has recently ruled out job to each land loser family, and the CPM that threw a spanner on the coach factory project that was about to take off during Mamata Banerjee's tenure as railway minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636681", "title": "Skyfall set to become the first-ever billion dollar James Bond", "text": "Skyfall could soon become the first ever James Bond movie to earn 1 billion dollars worldwide.That too could happen this weekend, with global takings already at 871.2 million dollars.\"It's not a question of if Skyfall becomes the first billion-dollar Bond movie in history, it's when,\" the Daily Star quoted LA media analyst Mike Raia as saying.\"And that could easily be this weekend, with the movie still at No.1 in Japan and -Australia and in the top five in Brazil, France and Germany,\" he said.Daniel Craig will land a 10 million-pound windfall with the film's success.He will also get a 7 million-pound bonus for hitting the 100 million-pound mark in the UK as part of his contract with film makers Eon Productions and franchise owners MGM.He will earn another 3 to 4million pounds from Sony if the film breaks the 1 billion-dollar mark. That will boost his Skyfall pay to at least 20 million pounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17633593", "title": "Damians present scintillating show", "text": "PATNA: The students of Notre Dame Academy (NDA) put up a scintillating show at their annual Sports Meet -2012 at the school premises on Saturday afternoon.It was difficult to say whether Bharatiyam drill by 800 students of class 7 to 10 depicting Industrial Revolution was more spectacular or the vibrant drill cum dance by class 11 students on Rahman's \"Jai Ho\" that outshone the others. The icing on the cake was the grand finale performance, where 2,000 senior students matched their steps to the beats of \"Hindustan Mera Pyara\", saluting the sacrifices of martyrs. Student council president Anya Anand released a pigeon, conveying the message of peace.The individual championships were bagged by Sneha (senior), Khushbu Hora and Suranjana (junior) and Janvi and Vedika Bhardwaj (sub-junior). The House championship was clinched by Green House (which also won the award for best march past), followed by the Blue House.St Karen's Nursery School: The chilly Saturday evening at Rabindra Bhavan warmed up with folk dances, songs and drama performances put up by the students of St Karen's Nursery School to mark their annual cultural extravaganza, \"Sitare\". The kids had prepared a melange of performances, including \"Raas-lila\", \"Kathputli\" and torch drill. The show was hosted by Shreya, Awantika, Ritjay and Priyansha.Don Bosco Primary School: Audiences were taken back to the times of fairy tales with mesmerizing performances put up by the tiny-tots of Don Bosco Primary School on the occasion of their annual day on Saturday evening. Action songs, Mexican dance and Christmas carols were also presented.School timing: Member schools of Bihar Public School and Children Welfare Association will start from 8am from Monday due the fog in the morning, said Sanjay Sahay, president of the association.BoxParents' Nite atGyan NiketanChildren dressed in bright costumes gave wonderful performances to mark \"Parents' Nite\" at Gyan Niketan here on Saturday. Himanshu Shekhar, Ankit and Luv invoked the Almighty's blessings with a Ganesh vandana, while kindergarten kids led by Yashwini Jha, Advika and Sahad showed their acting prowess in Tagore's \"Kabuliwala\".Beautiful folk dance performances, Sanskrit action song, English one-act play and Hindi drama \"Budhi Kaki\" also marked the occasion. The showstopper of the evening was a Qawwali by Arjun Jha, Sagar Raj and Sahil.Dance performances by Archana Pandey, Akansha, Arpana and friends was also liked by the parents and the English one-act play by Piyush Raj, Harsh Vardhan, Ishanvi and others propagated the message that there should be no discrimination between girls and boys. Padma Shree Sudha Verghese graced the occasion as the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17631183", "title": "University goofs-up again, engineering students get out-of-syllabus paper", "text": "MUMBAI: In yet another goof-up by the University of Mumbai, third-year students from the chemical engineering stream were given a paper that had out of syllabus questions.The exam on Mass Transfer Operations ( MTO) paper-I was held on December 13 and had out-of-syllabus questions for 66 marks out of the 140, claimed students. Of the 140 marks, students are required to attempt questions for only 100.Though the wrong paper was replaced after students informed their respective supervisors about the slip-up, the university claimed it contained out-of-syllabus questions only for 57 marks. Corrections were sent to colleges via email almost an hour after the paper started at 2.30pm.The students, who were given around 15 minutes extra to complete the paper, said the entire process was chaotic as they had too many doubts.A student from an engineering college in the western suburbs said, \"We were asked to attempt the questions that were from the syllabus till the university issued the fresh set of questions. When the paper arrived almost an hour later, it had questions only for 57 marks. We wasted a lot of time and many students were upset.\"The student claimed the university replaced four questions for 10 marks each, one for 12 marks and another for five marks. According to the students, two more questions for five and four marks respectively were not replaced despite not being from their syllabus.A college principal said, \"There are not more than six to seven colleges under the varsity that offer chemical engineering. The paper setters should have been careful. Though the issue was addressed on time, it could have been avoided.\"The university's in-charge controller of exams, Deepak Wasave, said, \"The subject teachers were informed immediately. A panel of three teachers went through the paper and made the corrections. The changes were sent to the colleges on time. We will take action against the paper setter. The matter will be placed before the board of exams which will take a final decision on the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17637426", "title": "Gurbani Singh outplays Gursimar Badwal; wins Usha All India Ladies title", "text": "KOLKATA: Rising golfer Gurbani Singh underlined her status as the top amateur in the country as she regained the Usha All India Ladies Matchplay title after a gap of three years.Three years after she became the youngest to win the All India Ladies title, Gurbani won the National Championships a second time on Sunday.Gurbani, now 16, outplayed Gursimar Badwal in the final that was to be played over 36 holes, but ended in just 27. Gurbani emerged a victor by 10&amp;9.The win in the Usha All India Ladies Championship capped a wonderful season for Gurbani, who won four titles during the year. She won the Usha Southern India and Usha Western India titles besides the Usha West Bengal Ladies Open, during which she carded a record-breaking six-under 64.The Trophy for the Championships, which was being held for the 96th time, was given away by Indian women's boxing legend and Olympic bronze-medallist MC Mary Kom.Having beaten her arch-rival Aditi Ashok in the semi-finals, Gurbani was heavily favoured, but even then Gursimar was expected to put up a closer fight.\"Winning the Usha All India title is always a matter of great pride and I am so proud to have done it a second time,\" said Gurbani, one of the most successful amateur players in India.The highest ranked Indian woman in world amateur rankings and the only one inside top-100, Gurbani played the 2010 Asian Games and was the playing captain of the first Indian team at the Espirito Santo, the Women's World Amateur Team golf championships.Among her many wins, Gurbani is also the winner of the Evian Masters Junior Cup in 2010, the 2011 Sri Lanka Open and the 2012 Asia-Pacific Juniors. She has represented India in nearly 25 international competitions. In 2009, she became the youngest ever to have won the All India Ladies Matchplay at 13.Last month Gurbani also made the cut, as Aditi Ashok finished in the top-10, at the Hero Women's Indian Open, a professional event co-sanctioned by Ladies European Tour , Ladies Asian Golf Tour and the Women's Golf Association of India.Gurbani began the final in a whirlwind manner, winning the second, third, fifth and sixth to go 4-up and put the pressure on Gursimar, who managed to halve the next four holes before winning her first of the day on 11th.The lead was now three, but Gurbani once again stepped up the momentum and won three holes in a row from 12th to 14 to go six-up.Gursimar once again tried hard winning the 15th and 16th, but Gurbani won the 18th again to move five-up after the first 18 holes in the 36-hole final.Into the second session, Gurbani never relented and won the third and then four holes in a row from fifth to the eighth. At that stage Gurbani was 10-up with 10 to go.Theoretically, Gusimar had to win each of the remaining 10 to catch up, but with the ninth being halved the match was over 10&amp;9 in Gurbani's favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17632221", "title": "Practise human rights, empower yourselves: IIPA chairman", "text": "MYSORE: Human rights need to be practised everyday, said prof M Umapathy, chairman of Indian Institute of Public Administration (IIPA), here on Saturday.Speaking at a state-level workshop on 'Human rights and social exclusion', he said: \"Human rights would not remain in the world if one does not give respect to life. Human rights are growing rights. They keep evolving.\" \"Second-generation rights are emerging in the world include socio-economic rights. They are necessary to bring ethics to our democracy,\" he said.He stressed that practise of human rights leads to empowerment, enabling a country's development. \"With increase in the number of rights, every right has to stand public scrutiny. In India, human rights are vibrant,\" he added. \"Human rights are beyond the legislative route. It has to be properly implemented. Awareness about the rights has to be advocated through education, campaign and NGOs.\"Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy organized the workshop, Post-graduate and nursing students, scholars and professors from various colleges attended the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17632626", "title": "Molestation accused declared absconder", "text": "AJMER: The district and sessions court on Saturday adjourned hearing on the anticipatory bail application of molestation accused and chairman of Bhagwant University Anil Singh to December 21.Meanwhile, the police have announced Singh as absconding and proceeded to seize his property as per the time limit prescribed in the law.According to sources, the court on Saturday adjourned the bail along with the application of prosecution to compel the accused to be present in the court at the time of final hearing. The application was moved by the accused just a few days after the Christian Ganj police registered a case against him on the complaint of third year students of aeronautics.Police had arrested the co-accused Vasudha Deviraj, a girls' hostel warden, who is in judicial custody at present. \"We have initiated a search for Singh under section 82 of CRPC,\" said a police official.Police sent several teams to Uttar Pradesh and New Delhi to arrest Singh but they returned empty-handed.Police have also recorded the victim's statement in the court under section 164 of CRPC. After her statement, police added a non-bailable section against Singh and are making efforts to arrest him.On Friday, Singh's advocate moved an application stating that he is not absconding but waiting for the decision on his anticipatory bail application. \"I have been implicated in a false case because of political enmity,\" stated the application.Girl students of third year of Bhagwant University had filed a complaint against Singh for molestation at his residence in Panchsheel Nagar where he had called the victim girl to settle the fees dispute. According to the complaint, hostel warden Vasudha asked her to meet the chairman at his residence and also dropped her outside Singh's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17630876", "title": "Rival gang slashes palms of college student", "text": "MUMBAI: A final year commerce student of Acharya College suffered severe injuries on his palms after he was reportedly attacked with a chopper by a rival group within college premises on Friday. Shamim Saha (21) was attacked by four final year students for standing for the National Student Union of Election ( NSUI). The elections, however, had been called off, said cops.The Govandi police arrested main accused Rohit Panchal (21). He is in custody till December 18. The police are looking for Panchal's three aides.\"The fight took place minutes after the election was withdrawn. Panchal was annoyed that Saha stood against him,\" said senior PI Mohan Thakur. \"When Saha refused to pull out of the election, the gang slashed his palms,\" said a friend. \"The doctors have told us that he may not gain control of his hand after surgeries,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632150", "title": "Another blow to grand haveli", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thursday's fire at Bhagirath Palace may have caused more damage than what has been accounted for. The place, now famous as a wholesale market of electricals and electronics, is also an important relic of Shahjahanabad's 18th century glory - it housed the haveli of Begum Samru, the ruler of Sardhana near Meerut.With its Corinthian pillars, Greco-Roman columns and beams, and a sprawling garden that faced the Red Fort, the haveli was actually an impressive European palace embodying the taste of the Begum, who rose from a nautch girl to a powerful overlord and commander of a small but disciplined army. The Begum's church and palace in Sardhana are also in the European style of her age.But time and neglect have completely ravaged this architectural marvel. The haveli lost its sheen during the Revolt of 1857 and the destruction that followed. But the flurry of construction activity after Independence, when Chandni Chowk transformed from an elite address to a market, has wrought most of the structural damage. Conservationists rue the complex's modification beyond recognition.\"Time and again, we have alerted the Delhi government that concrete steps need to be taken to conserve and protect the accumulated heritage of Shahjahanabad. The haveli, in its present form, is only a skeleton of what it was centuries ago. It's a tragedy that it was allowed to be encroached upon. I hope the fire will force the government to take steps,\" said AGK Menon of heritage body Intach's Delhi chapter.Archaeologist and former chief of ASI's Delhi circle, Dr K K Mohammad, said the fire is a wake-up call for government agencies. \"It should have been done long ago; but better late than never. Close to Begum Samru's Haveli was an old caravanserai constructed by Mughal princess Jahanara Begum. This place is replete with history. It's unfair to let it remain in the hands of people who would invariably do things to destroy it,\" he said.Menon echoed Dr Mohammad's sentiments: \"I firmly believe the haveli should be reconstructed and all the shops there should be relocated. When fire broke out in Lal Kuan in the late '90s, the court had ordered the traders there to relocate. Nothing changed, apart from the fact that some traders got lands elsewhere to relocate. But they chose to stay on and established separate businesses there.\"When director Tigmanshu Dhulia, who is making a movie on the Begum's life, was informed about the fire, he said, \"I'm very sad to hear this. This haveli was the property of a powerful and fascinating woman. The fact that the haveli was allowed to be encroached upon reflects our general attitude to women. Had it belonged to Rani Lakshmibai or Maharana Pratap, this building would have got protection from every quarter. The government should make amends and reconstruct it.\"North Delhi municipal commissioner P K Gupta said the civic body will take steps to remove encroachments and restore the haveli if it comes under the list of monuments protected by the Delhi government. To this, Sanjay Bhargava, general secretary of Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal, said the building is indeed protected by the Delhi government. \"I had written to the LG when the haveli's facade was altered. At this rate, there won't be much heritage left a few years from now. The fire is an alarm. It's now or never.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17631851", "title": "Railways forced to operate with old coaches", "text": "KOCHI: Railways announce new trains for the state in budgets besides raising the number of coaches in various trains but the divisions rarely get new coaches for operating these services.The trend has now been blamed for the recent near-misses in the state. Only 110 of the required 1,600 coaches in Thiruvananthapuram railway division are two or less than two years old. The division got 62 new coaches this year while the Palakkad division received just 24 coaches.\"Railway divisions in the state receive very few new coaches compared to other divisions under the Southern Railway. New coaches are mainly sourced from the integral coach factory, Perambur, Tamil Nadu and we are supplied only after meeting the requirements of divisions in Tamil Nadu,\" an official with Thiruvananthapuram division said, adding that the new coaches are hardly returned after periodic overhaul done every 18 months.An official with the Palakkad division said it mostly received old coaches.Confederation of all-India rail users association general convenor C E Chakkunny said, \"If the state does not take any steps to ensure that the divisions are supplied newer coaches, train tragedies are bound to happen. The recent incidents are an indication.\"The divisions are often forced to send coaches for periodic overhaul before the stipulated 18 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636269", "title": "A callous disregard for women's safety", "text": "We may be the biggest democracy,but surveys conducted on the status of women in India place us at par with fanatical, despotic nations with no sense of justice or any rule of law.Is it just me or are there other people too who are starting to get a little paranoid about the rise in crimes against women I arrived in Mumbai in the early 90s as a college student. At that time it was possibly one of the safest cities in the country. The freedom to discover the city was unhindered by any sense of fear. But I would be silly to feel so safe today. We hear and read about shocking incidents daily that show up a very dark reality.This darkness is reflected all over the country. Of late, I have been travelling to various cities in India, meeting crime reporters. Most of what they have to say changes from city to city, except the answer to one question what kind of crimes are on the rise Chillingly, the answer every time is: violent crimes against women.In spite of being the biggest democracy in the world,most studies and surveys conducted on the status of women in India,place us not with other developed democracies in the world,but with despotic, fanatical dictatorial nations,where justice and the rule of law simply do not exist.For one section of Indian society,an entire generation of emancipated women are hookers simply because they do not act,behave or dress like traditional good girls. You might think this is an extreme statement if you are not aware of the fact that most building societies in Mumbai insist on NOCs from the police for single women who want to rent an apartment. I, for one, have been to the Bandra Police Station, Mumbai, twice to certify my good character ! This lack of understanding of the emerging new Indian woman puts her at great risk.The lax laws and punitive measures of our country,place her at even greater risk.Heres something else that compounds the problem our movies. Innumerable films show men behaving like full-blown stalkers and psychos, who harass women in an attempt to woo them.The on-screen women are flattered and start falling in love with the stalker eventually! In real life, however, very few of them enjoy this kind of attention. In fact,they are most likely to reject it outright. And then acid is thrown on their faces, throats are slit and they are gangraped. As revenge. The situation is very grim.However, in all this darkness, there is some light. The government of Uttar Pradesh has started a novel unit called the Women Power Cell. This cell works in conjunction with the police.Based in Lucknow, it answers an average of 2,500 distress calls a day from across the state.Attempts are made to counsel the perpetrator. Should he not change his ways, then the police,not the complainant, files an FIR against him. Official documents like driving licences and passports are denied to such people.The Central Government will do well to emulate and introduce this model all over India. They need to do this urgently to assure us that the largest democracy in the world values the safety and well-being of half their population, namely, women.(Kagti is a director &amp; screenwriter. The opinions expressed in this column are the personal views of the writer)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17634349", "title": "Salman Rushdie and Siddharth's special bond", "text": "Author Salman Rushdie and Tamil-Telugu-Hindi actor Siddharth get along like a house on fire. The unlikely friendship started during the casting of Deepa Mehta's adaptation of Rushdie's 'Midnight's Children' and now continues although the film is over.For the role in Deepa Mehta's Midnight's Children, Siddharth was the author Salman Rushdie's personal choice.Says Siddharth, \"Salman says my character Shiva is very special. He is an iconic character in the novel. I always considered Saleem Sinai one of the greatest heroes in literature. And for a great hero one needs some kind of a foil. I play that foil. I don't have the kind of space in the novel or the script that Saleem Sinai has. But I find my character very fascinating. For me to work with Deepa is a dream-come-true. She's mother-figure and a best friend. I love her to bits. That lady is cathartic. And let's not kid ourselves, Midnight's Children is the 'Booker Of Bookers' . To be part of it is an honour. Nothing like that is being done in Indian cinema.\"Expressing a disenchantment with the quality of cinema in India Siddharth says, \"We're happier with regressive than progressive cinema, more eager to crossover into the West than to make pan-India films. It's really disturbing. I have to say I've been singularly fortunate to get interesting roles. I came into acting with no background in cinema. In my 8-9 year career I've worked with ten first-time directors.\"After Midnight's Children Siddharth is again working with a female director Nandini Reddy, this time in a 'high-energy comedy'.Says Sid, \"Nandini is the first director I'm working with who has made a hit film before. I've never done that before. It's taken eight years for a hit director to want to work with me.\"In February 2012 Siddharth turned producer with what he calls an autobiographical film. \"It's called How To Mess Up In Love . I am master of that. I've done it all my life. Young people from far and wide come to consult me on how to mess up in matters of the heart. I am urban legend of romantic misfires. It did really well in the Tamil-Telugu languages, and there's talk of it being remade into Hindi. But I've to say Indian cinema has become very comfortable with mediocrity. Every day we celebrate it. We've come to a stage where good films are not allowed to be made. There is an embargo on quality work. Bad films are given a boost in marketing and release. Audiences are getting systematically dumbed down. Good films will only work accidently. We won't see Paan Singh Tomar for some time now. It's like that illegitimate child whom the father owns up to after he becomes successful.\"Siddharth is looking at a rewarding period ahead. ' I am very optimistic about the future. If I am getting work it means the work is getting better. I came in 12 years ago as this idealistic actor ready to change the system. Now I am in my mid-30s. I am just excited to get good work. I don't care about changing the future of cinema. I act because it makes me happy.\"However Siddharth says Tamil cinema is encouraging bright new directors. \"Even Gangs Of Wasseypur is dedicated to three Tamil directors. So it's not just regressive South Indian films but also quality work that's influencing Bollywood.\"Siddharth says he's single. \"Love will take a backseat for a few years. I am single , and fortunately so. I am obsessive about my work. Relationships need more nurturing than the first few months of excitement. One needs to work on something more endurable.\"Ask him about his link-up with Kamal Haasan's daughter Shruti and Siddharth quips, \"No, I just did two films with her. I've actually been linked with every co-star I've worked with. That's good because I do romantic films in the South. Having said that, let me confess I haven't found a relationship of consequence for a while .Until I own up to a relationship it's just a rumour. And by the way I don't normally talk about my personal life. Each time I am asked my standard reply is, 'And how is you sex life doing?' If you want to know about mine why can't I know about yours?'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17630907", "title": "Hockey's first ever auction to be live streamed on hockeyindia.org", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first auction of players in the history of hockey for the inaugural Hockey India League will be streamed live on Hockey India website, which shall enable the fans around the world to catch the historical event as it happens.The whole auction of the Hockey India League, which will start at 10:00 am on Sunday in New Delhi, will be streamed live on the website where a total of 246 players will be auctioned among franchises.Live streaming will be available on http://hockeyindia.org/hil-auction/ to viewers worldwide as the auction won't be broadcasted through any satellite channels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17633287", "title": "At 65, a golden leap for Shakti", "text": "LUDHIANA: South City: At 65, Shakti Singh Minhas is certainly flying high. He won the gold medal in long jump in the Punjab Masters Athletic meet held at Mastuana Sahib in Sangrur on December 8 and 9. While medals are not new to the retired government officer, every one of them underlines his will to live to the fullest.\"It feels great to win gold in the Punjab Masters Athletics Meet, where I jumped four meters. I participated in the triple jump event in 2010 and won a silver medal. I am now preparing for the All India Master Athletics Meet to be held in Bengaluru next year\".Besides the support of his family, including wife Santosh, son Deepak and daughter-in- law Minakshi, Shakti Singh attributes his health to discipline. \"I start my day at 5.30am and go for a morning walk for 4 to 5kms. I jog for a kilometer and sprint 100 meters. In the evening, I go to a club at Hambran road for running and swimming. I run on a treadmill for one and a half hours and swim for 25 to 30 minutes. In the winter I increase running time instead of swimming,\" Shakti, who hails from Hoshiarpur said, underlining the importance of a healthy diet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17633446", "title": "2 from UP held with IMFL worth Rs 15 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of state vigilance squad arrested two Uttar Pradesh residents with a stock of IMFL worth Rs 15.30 lakh near Mehsana. Investigators are yet to learn the final destination of the consignment. It is the second major seizure by the vigilance squad in the run up to the elections.Vigilance squad officials said that a team, led by inspector R L Solanki, got a tip-off that a group was to peddle the liquor through Gujarat-Rajasthan border. The team got the description of the vehicle and kept a watch near Narmada canal on Vasai Gozariya Road at 9.30 pm on Friday.\"When we stopped the truck matching the description, the driver fled from the spot whereas two others seated in the driver's cabin were caught after a chase. The duo was identified as Mehfooz Alam Shafiq Turk, and Jahane Alam Ahmed Qureshi, both residents of Moradabad in UP. The absconding man was identified as Naushad Dilshad Qureshi. The group got the stock from Haryana and crossed Rajasthan to enter Gujarat,\" said a vigilance squad official.The officials opened the storage area of the truck and found packets of bone powder. When the entire stash was offloaded, the officials found crates of IMFL containing a total of 7,236 bottles. \"Questioning revealed that the powder was to be supplied to Vadodara. However, the youths claim to have no knowledge of the destination for liquor,\" said the official.Earlier, a team led by inspector N D Chauhan intercepted a trailer laden with 21,755 bottles of IMFL worth Rs 42 lakh from Sevaliya Highway near Godhra on December 11. The liquor had come from Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17632989", "title": "Archaeological Society of India puts Lucknow University restoration cost at 6 crore", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Archaeological Society of India has estimated a total of Rs six crore for restoration and beautification of historical buildings in Lucknow University. While a sum of Rs five crore will be needed to preserve the university's Lal Baradari which is presently the staff club, Rs one crore will be required for the northern gate, popularly known as 'Machli Dwar'. After knowing the estimated cost for preservation, the university has written a letter to the Union ministry of culture seeking financial assistance. On November 27, a team of ASI officials visited these two places in the university and concluded that it is possible to restore them. In the course of events, the team formulated the budget required for accomplishing the task.Developed by the nawabs, Lal Baradari is over 100-year-old. Till few years before, this building also had a UCO bank , which was subsequently closed following dilapidated condition of the building. There also exists a mosque which was shut after its roof was damaged few years ago. At present, this building house the arts canteen and staff club which is used by the teachers to relax and discuss various issues.Apart from this, beautification of Lucknow College of Arts and Craft (Arts college) is on the cards. University officials said that they will soon send a proposal for its restoration to the Union ministry of culture through the DM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633660", "title": "We bank on locally relevant tech", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17631528", "title": "New evaluation to make learning fun", "text": "KOLKATA: In a meeting with education minister Bratya Basu on Friday, the syllalbus committee members decided to introduce some changes in the current evaluation system. Under the new norm, students in Madhyamik schools will have to appear for three examinations in every subject in an academic year.The question papers will have two sections each - formative and summative. \"In the junior classes till VII, more stress will be laid on the formative section, while Class VIII onwards summative sections will be given more importance. The weightage of the summative and formative tests will be decided on Monday after the syllabus committee members meet education minister Bratya Basu to take the final call,\" said a member of the committee.The formative section will help assess the child's knowledge or information on the subject, while summative will test their understanding and concept of the subject. \"Formative sections may consist of multiple-choice questions (MCQ's), oral tests, project works, surprise tests. But the summative part will be a written exam. Each subject will be tested thrice during one academic year,\" the official added.It was also decided that bookshelves will be distributed to all the 70,000 government and aided schools. \"No children studying in Class I and II will be required to carry back their books home. Instead, to make learning fun, all books will be kept in trunks or bookshelves provided by the school education department,\" informed another official.He added, \"When we had submitted the curriculum, we had proposed to keep the books in school.Most of the reputed private schools do not allow kids to take the books back home. Now, similar rules will be followed in the government and aided schools.\"In cases where the students carry their books back home, it has been found that the parents put pressure on the kids to study. \"When an integrated syllabus will be introduced from Class II, home will not be meant for task. Hence home task and private tuition will not be required for children in the primary classes. The government has accepted the proposal of the syllabus committee. Now steps will be taken to enforce it. School has to be made less stressful with a happy surrounding,\" a source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633136", "title": "A weekend in the midst of flowers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Day 2 of the Chrysanthemum Show fell on a weekend which translated into a huge crowd of visitors at the Terraced Garden, taking pictures and enjoying being among the bright blossoms. The three- day flower show, which commenced on Friday, will culminate on Sunday.Sector 15 resident Vikram Sharma said he takes his family to the show every year. \"I have some really good photographs of the flowers. I will develop the pictures into large size photographs and hang them in my living room,\" said Suresh Aggarwal of Sector 20.Sector 45 resident Bhavana Mehra said she went to the show with five friends and had a blast. \"One rarely sees so many flowers in one place. The best part is that the flowers one sees here are those that are not seen in gardens,\" Ekta Dahiya of Sector 11 said. According to Sector 39 resident Kamlesh Singh, the Chrysanthemum Show should be held twice a year because of its immense popularity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17632678", "title": "Water treatment plant of North Western Railways inaugurated", "text": "JODHPUR: The North Western Railways' (NWR) first Effluent Treatment Plant (ETP) for washing of coaches was inaugurated in Jodhpur on Saturday by its general manager. This ETP will not only save on the huge expenses of the railways incurred on water but also will address the shortage of water in summer.\"We have a current requirement of 1,13,332 kilo liter per year, which costs us a whopping Rs 15,34,522. Now with this plant, we will be able to bring this expenditure down by approximately 80% which would mean a saving of Rs 12,27,618,\" NWR general manager R C Agarwal said.So far, water used for coach washing were drained out now this water will be recycled and will be reused for the same purpose instead of letting it go waste, he added.A senior official from the carriage and wagon section said currently the need of the water for washing of coaches is being meet from PHED supply and borewells but there is shortage during summer. tnnJodhpur depot is currently washing 207 coaches on an average everyday in washing cum pit line. \"To save the precious water having capacity of 100 cubic meter per day with peak flow to five cubic meter per hour will now be treated by this plant and the water will be made available to the washing line,\" the official said, adding that the capacity of the plant can be extended further if needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "sulthan bathery", "code": "17630958", "title": "Fazal sings a new song on court", "text": "SULTHAN BATHERY: With little more than five feet in height, Fazal Nadapuram learnt early that volleyball was not his cup of tea. Though he tried his luck in various local clubs, he failed time and time again to break into one of them.So he turned to his next passion, writing lyrics for audio albums and composing itself. But it was only last year that he decided to combine two of his passions. That saw the emergence of 'volleyball songs', songs on the game and one's which praises its players.Fazal, who belongs to Nadapuram, Kozhikode, started to pen 'volleyball songs' since the inter-club volleyball championship held at Mananthavady in 2011.At Sulthan Bathery, where the 42nd Kerala State Senior Volleyball Championship is being held, the organizers have been playing his songs before the matches and during the breaks. And the volleyball fans have lapped it up.Fazal was very excited when he revealed his next project. \"I am currently working on a song on KC Elamma, the first and only woman player from Kerala to get the Arjuna award. The song is almost over and I would like to present it to her as an honour,\" said Fazal.The school droppout who penned a song (Khamare Thinkalolive) for the Kalabhavan Mani starrer Pramughan is all set to make a home cinema with international player Kishore Kumar . Kishore confirmed the project and said the shooting will be over in a few days. \"I am doing a cruel Arab's role in Fazal's film,\" said Kishore.With a handful of small projects, Fazal the self-trained musician hopes to play a different note, if not a different game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17632055", "title": "Okram flags off Indian leg of Asean car rally", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh on Saturday afternoon flagged off the Indian leg of the Asean-India car rally at the historic Kangla Fort here amid a roaring applause from people.After covering a 7000 km over the last 21 days, the rally entered India through the border town of Moreh in Manipur on Saturday morning. At Moreh, Manipur commerce and industries minister K Govindas received the rally and reached Imphal around noon.Welcoming the participants from Brunei , Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos , Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam and India, Manipur chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh underscored the growing friendship and development ties between India and Asean countries under the former's ambitious \"Look East Policy\".\"Enhancing relations with Asean countries has been central to India's Look East Policy and we are happy to note that there has been steady progress in the Asean-India relations since the policy was initiated in 1991,\" the CM said, while addressing a gathering at Kangla fort.He said India became a sectorial partner of Asean in 1992 and since 2002, India-Asean summits have been held annually. He added that Manipur is strategically located on the trilateral highway connecting India, Myanmar and Thailand through Moreh town via Mandalay in Myanmar and Mae Sat in Thailand.\"With active initiative of our ministry of external affairs and co-operation of Asean countries, road connectivity between Manipur and South East Asia is improving with the Indo-Myanmar friendship road connecting Tamu and Kelemyo in neighbouring Myanmar,\" he said.Besides road connectivity, Imphal is expected to have rail connectivity by 2016 and this will become the backbone of the Trans-Asian railway network, the CM added. Stating that the Airports Authority of India has initiated work on upgrading the Imphal airport to international standards within the 12th plan, Ibobi said, \"We expect Imphal to become a hub for international flights to Asean countries.It will thus open up new opportunities for cultural and sports exchanges, trade, tourism and business, he added.Commenting on the proposed bus service between Imphal and Mandalay in Myanmar, the CM expressed confidence that the agreement for introducing the service is expected to be signed between India and Myanmar during the visit of Myanmar president to New Delhi early next year.Stating that the bus service will enable and fortify people-to-people relations, the CM wished the rallyists a safe and pleasant journey to Kohima and Guwahati. \"I am sure you will carry sweet memories of Manipur to your family and country,\" the CM wished.During the Kangla fort function, a Manipuri cultural and martial art shows were staged by different troupes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17633198", "title": "'Punjabis' Real Game' turns into a festival", "text": "LUDHIANA: All roads of this industrial city of Punjab led to Guru Nanak stadium near Fountain Chowk in Ludhiana on Saturday evening. Long queues of spectators, including a good number of females of all age-groups, were seen outside the eight gates of the stadium that hosted the Kabaddi World Cup finals of men and women on Saturday evening.\"Kabaddi is the real game of Punjabis and we all feel proud that Ludhiana has got a chance to host the finals. I have taken half-day leave from my office to witness the spectacular performances of Indian teams,\" Ruhi Ghai, 28, who works with a private insurance company and a resident of BRS Nagar told TOI.Sukhwinder Singh, 34, a college lecturer and a resident of Model Town, told TOI, \"Kabbadi matches are nothing less than any big Indian festivals for us. I have come here with my family and the idea is to enjoy every bit of the evening.\"In the women finals, India faced Malaysia whereas men finals saw the title clash between arch rivals India and Pakistan. Tens of thousands of kabaddi fans had thronged the stadium and all stands presented a jam-packed look.Besides energy-packed performances of Indian men and women in their respective kabaddi matches, spectators were seen hooked with popular Punjabi numbers and world famous gangnam style. There was an over one-hour performance by various Punjabi singers and playing of gangnam style music and DJs in-between the women's and men's kabaddi final matches.Kabaddi fans were seen dancing, thumping, cheering, singing and waving Indian tricolour while enjoying the performances.\"Yes, I am a hard-core fan of kabaddi, but I have come here to also enjoy performances of various Punjabi singers. I do not know the name of even a single kabaddi player, but I know all these singers and gangnam style is my favourite,\" Kshitij Mahajan, 22, a student of Punjab Agricultural University in Ludhiana, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17632694", "title": "Mob violence: Congress MP visits railway station", "text": "KANPUR: A day after a boy was run over by a passenger train and violence had erupted at Kalyanpur railway station, Congress MP Rajam Ram Pal visited the railway station to take stock of the situation.The Congress MP met locals and shopkeepers of the area and sought details about the mishap. He assured of raising the level of the platform which is a long-time demand of the locals. The people of the area and the passengers told Congress MP that low level of the platform has been a cause of several accidents as passengers are unable to climb onto the train bogie and often getting hurt in the process.Senior railway officials of Izzat Nagar division also inspected the railway station premises which had been damaged by the enraged mob on Friday. It is worth mentioning here that enraged over a train accident which claimed life of a student, the locals and traders of Kalyanpur area resorted to violence forcing police to use force to disperse the agitated crowd. The incident took place when the victim, identified as Pawan Kumar Mishra, a resident of Kalyanpur was run over by Chibbramau passenger at Kalyanpur railway station. Pawan was trying to board the train for reaching Billhaur where he was a pursuing a course in teacher's training. A critically injured Pawan was rushed to Hallet hospital where he succumbed to injuries. This irked the locals of the area who had been demanding for raising the level of the railway platform at Kalyanpur railway station as many incidents of similar type had already taken place in the past.As the news of train mishap at the railway platform spread, the locals and the traders of the Kalyanpur area damaged the city buses and tried halting the vehicular movement on the busy GT Road. They also ransacked the ticket booking counter of the railway station and indulged into heavy brick-batting. The clerks and the other railway staff ran for cover. The booking offices, computers, electric gadgets, furniture, got completely damaged in the brick-batting that took place.Following the incident, heavy police force was rushed to the spot to control the mob but it turned volatile when the cops resorted to lathicharge. Later, the situation was brought under control by requisitioning more police force from nearby police stations.Senior police officials rushed to the spot and pacified the agitated mob and assured them of prompt action into the issue. Traffic remained paralysed in the area for a long time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "male", "code": "17636438", "title": "GMR seeks over $800 million, Maldives insists on 'forensic' audit", "text": "MALE: Indian infrastructure firm GMR will seek a compensation of over $800 million from Maldives for the termination of its airport deal but Male is insisting on a \"forensic audit\" as it feels the actual amount would be less than half.\"We have sent a letter to the Maldivian government indicating a number of more than $800 million as compensation amount. This is our initial estimate. The final figure would be based upon various calculations, loss of profit among others,\" GMR (Airports) CFO Sidharath Kapur said.The Maldivian government, however, debunked the calculations and insisted on getting a forensic audit done through an international firm.\"We will go in for a forensic audit as we want to see how much money has poured in to GMR coffers through the Male International Airport and how much actual money has been spent here. As per our information, GMR has cashed in only $150 million of the about $350 loan it had bagged through a bank,\" Maldives President Mohamed Waheed's press secretary Masood Imad said.Asked if GMR is open to a forensic audit, Kapur told PTI, \"Our books are transparent. The concession agreement signed with Maldives government did not have the clause of forensic audit. Having said that, I must add that we don't have any objection to an audit but it has to come through proper legal process\".Sources in the Maldivian government say that the compensation amount, as per their calculations, should come to about a lower limit of $150 million and an upper limit of $350 million.\"We will present our case before the Singapore Court and let them take the call,\" a source said.The $500 million airport project contract awarded to GMR for modernizing and operating the Ibrahim Nasir International Airport (INIA), signed in 2010 during the previous regime of Mohamed Nasheed , was \"unilaterally\" terminated by the current government on November 27.The airport was taken over by the Maldives Airports Company Limited after a high-voltage legal tussle in which GMR had initially got a stay order on the termination from the Singapore HC.However, the Singapore Supreme Court ruled on November 6, a day before the notice period expired, that Maldives has the power to take over the airport on November 6.Replying to a query if GMR is not welcome in Maldives anymore, Masood said, \"We don't have anything against GMR. We had objection to the contract that was signed under dubious conditions. We will in the future initiate a lot of infrastructure projects and GMR is welcome to bid for it.\"However, sources in the know said that the \"unlawful\" termination of the contract sends a \"negative signal\" to foreign investors, a stand taken by Indian government too.\"It now feels that any contract signed with a particular regime can be scrapped when a new government comes in. It is a risky proposition,\" a source said.Asked if Maldives will seek fresh bids for the modernisation and the operations of the airport, Imad said the cabinet has given the nod to set up a new company called Maldives International Airport Limited that will takeover from MACL. However, he added the structure of MIAL is yet to be finalized.Refuting the allegations that the move to terminate the contract was a political one to whip up emotions before the elections next year, Imad said, \"Protests against the contract have been taking place since the first day it was signed by Nasheed. There were regular protests and marches happening\".He added, \"We had a set of issues that needed to be looked into after we came to power. We are tackling them one by one and airport issue was one of them. We consulted reputed international law firms and they agreed with us that the contract was not valid. It is only then we terminated\".\"The President has not even said if he might or might not run for Presidency. It is completely wrong to say that it was done for political mileage. We are only setting the wrong done by Nasheed right,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17631845", "title": "School correspondent picked up for slapping student", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bahadurpura police on Saturday arrested a school correspondent, who reportedly slapped a class V student.Police said the Asian Grammar School student Numan Alam Khan,12, was seen fighting with his friends during study hours by school correspondent Muqarram on December 13. \"The annoyed Muqarram smacked Numan on his left cheek. Based on a complaint by the boy's parents, a case was registered and Muqarram was arrested,\" sub-inspector S Mallesh said.Police said a case was registered against the correspondent under section 323 (punishment for voluntarily causing hurt) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Juvenile Justice Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17632966", "title": "Married woman dies after assault", "text": "LUCKNOW: A married woman was allegedly found dead after sexual assault on Saturday morning. The police suspect the assailants had strangulated the woman and assumed her dead before dumping her body at an isolated spot in Saadatganj area near the Kuccha Pul. The police also found injury marks on the deceased's body.In the said incident body of the deceased woman, who is suspected to be in early 40s, was found between broken boundary walls of a house by a person on Saturday morning. Police said that the woman was breathing when they found her and rushed her immediately to the trauma centre. However, doctors declared her brought dead.The police were not sure about the identity of the woman till late Saturday night and was taking help of the residents of the area to confirm her identity. \"We have been told about a woman named Babita who had gone missing on Friday from Chaupatiya area, but are waiting for her immediate family members to arrive from Ballia and confirm the identity,\" said Sarvesh Kumar , circle officer of Bazarkhala. The police have also sent the body of the deceased for medical examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17630926", "title": "Student attempts suicide in hostel", "text": "BANGALORE: Latha Sri, a first-year BA student of Mount Carmel College allegedly attempted suicide by consuming poison on Saturday morning.Around 11.30am, Latha's hostel mates found her slumped unconscious in her room. She was rushed to Mahaveer Jain Hospital on Millers Road.\"The girl was admitted in the ICU and is doing fine,\" hospital authorities said.Her grandfather BK Angadi, who was in the city, rushed to the hospital. He said Latha Sri was on medication. Latha, 19, is a native of Indi taluk in Bijapur district.A source close to Latha said she was unable to cope with her studies. She had failed in her economics exam in the first semester.\"The results were out on Friday and she found out that she had failed. On Saturday, the annual cultural festival was on and everyone was outside. This was when she tried to end her life,\" the source said.However, her family claimed she was ailing and had taken an overdose of medicines, resulting in her falling unconscious.The college authorities declined to comment on the incident.Police said they are yet to question her. \"We are waiting for the doctors to announce her fit to reply to our queries,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "17631476", "title": "Scholars oppose Nobel celebration", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: President Pranab Mukherjee will be on a two-day visit to Visva-Bharati on Tuesday to flag off the centenary celebration of Rabindranath Tagore's Nobel. Though Tagore was the first Nobel Laureate from Asia, a section of Tagore scholars feels that the occasion doesn't call for a celebration.While some academics are of the view that 100 years is too long a period and no other country holds a similar event, some feel the programme would be a reminder of the original medallion being stolen.In March 2004, Tagore's medal had gone missing from the Rabindra Bhavan Museum in Santiniketan and was replaced with a replica.Suprio Thakur, a former principal of Patha Bhavan and a descendant of the Tagore family, said, \"Nowadays, we are always looking for such anniversaries. Instead of such celebrations, people should concentrate on holding discussions on Tagore and thinking about his life and works. It is unfortunate that the original Nobel medal was stolen and the incident will come back to haunt people amid such fanfare.\"A former professor of VB echoed Thakur's views. \"It is true that Tagore had become famous worldwide after receiving the Nobel. But isn't it sad to celebrate 100 years of Tagore's Nobel at the very venue from where the medal was stolen? The university should rather request the President to re-initiate the investigation and make attempts to recover the medal. It is a matter of shame that we failed to provide adequate security to the priceless medallion,\" said Amritasudan Bhattacharya.For Somendranath Banerjee, a former student and teacher of the Bengali department of Visva-Bharati, however, the Nobel isn't \"important\" enough to be a cause of celebration.\"No other country observes such anniversaries. I think the Nobel itself was honoured since it was received by someone of the stature of Rabindranath Tagore. I don't think the Nobel was important enough to describe the greatness of Tagore as a writer. What caused us shame was we could not protect it,\" he said.The President of India Pranab Mukherjee will come to Visva Bharati to 'flag off' the 100 years of receiving of Nobel award by Rabindranath Tagore. Tagore received Nobel award in 1913. But unfortunately that priceless medal along with other items were stolen in March, 2004. It was not recovered, only replaced with a replica. Though Tagore was the first Nobel laureate from Asia a section of Tagore scholars thought that it is not a matter worth celebration after hundred years and there is no instance of such celebration in other countries. According to them the occasion is not so worthy that could be lanced by the President of India. They also thought that this celebration would again remind the unfortunate incident like Nobel medal theft.Suprio Thakur, a former principal of Patha Bhavan and a descendent of Tagore family was moderate enough to express his comment. He said , ' Now days we are always looking for such anniversaries to celebrate. It is such an attempt. If some worthy discussion is held on this occasion and people think on life and work of Tagore that would be good result of such celebration. But it is unfortunate that the original Nobel medal has been stolen. That incident may haunt again amid this celebration.'Amritasudan Bhattacharya , a former professor of Visva Bharati said, ' We the people of Bengal like to organize programme and celebrate occasions. Lets celebrate them . It is undoubtedly true that Tagore became worldwide famous after receiving the Nobel award . But I think it fells uneasy to celebrate this occasion in that venue exactly wherefrom the Nobel medal was stolen. The university should rather request the President to restart the investigation and attempt to recover the stolen medal. It was our own fault that we could not arrange proper security for this priceless medal.Somendranath Banerjee who was a former student and teacher of the Bengali department of Visva Bharati said, ' So far as I know no such celebration was held in case of other Nobel recipient in the world. I think the Nobel medal itself was honored as it was received by a man like Rabindranath. I don't think the Nobel award was such an important thing to describe the greatness of Rabindranath as a writer. What caused shame to us is that we could not protect that medal.'President Pranab Mukherjee would come to Visva Bharati on Tuesday. He would stay there for two days and attend a number of programmes in Santiniketan and Suri including the formal inauguration of centenary celebration of Tagore's Nobel award. The programme would be held in Uttarayan complex which housed Rabindra Bhavan museum. The Nobel medal was stolen from this museum. CBI closed the investigation after a couple of years of the theft after having no significant clue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17631123", "title": "Supreme Court upholds order to shut engineering college", "text": "THANE: The Supreme Court has ordered the closure of Parshvanath Engineering College here, upholding the earlier orders of the Bombay high court and the AICTE to derecognize the institute as it lacked the basic infrastructure.Close to 1,400 students are enrolled in various engineering courses in the college. While upholding the orders, the SC also rejected arguments put forward by the college management.The closure order was accompanied with bitter criticism of goings-on in the AICTE, which delayed taking action against the college in spite of a closure order being issued by the HC in August.AICTE officials have been fined Rs 50,000 for allowing the college to function till now and putting to risk the future of youngsters studying there.The college management had challenged the HC order in the SC and was reportedly positive that the verdict would be in its favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17632164", "title": "Two-wheeler knocks down pedestrian", "text": "MYSORE: A man was knocked down fatally by a two-wheeler in NR Mohalla traffic police limits here on Saturday.Nagendra, 40, an employee at a cement shop, was hit by a two-wheeler when he was on his way to work around 9.30am. The incident happened near Belavatha Road-Ring Road junction.Police said Vijay and Yeshwanth, who was riding the vehicle, were also injured in the accident. The duo, diploma students of a college in Mandya, are being treated at a private hospital.Homemaker found deadA homemaker was found dead under suspicious circumstances in Hebballa village of Heggadadevana Kote taluk of Mysore district on Saturday. Mangalamma, 32, wife of Nagaraja, was found dead at their house. The incident came to light in the morning. Police are on the lookout for Nagaraj and his family members who are absconding.Biker rider dies in mishapChandrashekar, 27, a bike rider, was killed on the spot after colliding with an oncoming autorickshaw in Hunsur town. The incident happened when he was returning home around 4.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17633111", "title": "Court notice to collector, SP over 'illegal detention'", "text": "MADURAI: The collector and the superintendent of police of Madurai district have been asked by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court to give their answers to a petition seeking a direction to the government to pay compensation of Rs 5 lakh to a person for an illegal FIR against him and his consequential arrest.The Kallikudi Police in Madurai district booked S Karthikai Selvan (38) of Chittur in Thirumangalam taluk in Madurai district in three different cases based on a complaint lodged by K Adhinarayanan of T Kallikudi. Police also arrested Karthikai Selvam and lodged him in prison.The accused who was in jail for 33 days was released on bail later.Denying the charges against him, he has now filed a petition before high court in which he contended that the police registered false cases against him.According to him, he was asked by the deputy superintendent of police, Thirumangalam Ravichandran, to give Rs 10,000 as bribe to settle the criminal case. But he refused to give the bribe and also lodged a complaint in this regard with the office of the SP, copies of which were sent to the chief minister and home secretary.The DSP who knew this threatened Karthikai Selvam and based on the official's instructions, the sub-inspector of Kallikudi Police Ayyanar booked him in three cases. When the petition came up before Justice T Sudanthiram for admission, the petitioner's counsel T.S.R. Venkatramana pointed out to the court that while he went through the FIRs, it clearly showed that police had cooked up the cases.\"According to the FIR, three different sets of offences took place against the complainant at the same time, and same place, simultaneously with three different sets of accused persons, which is impossible,\" the counsel told the court.He also said that based on the FIRs, the petitioner was in jail for 33 days, which is an illegal detention. Hence, the petitioner should be provided compensation of Rs 5 lakh by the government for the illegal FIRs and consequential arrest. He also asked that the money be recovered from the salaries of the DSP and the SI. Besides, the FIRs against the petitioner should be quashed.Following it, Justice T Sudanthiram asked the government advocates to tell the district collector and SP to file their replies to this petition and adjourned the hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633434", "title": "Parcel with half kg gold goes missing on way to Tenkasi", "text": "CHENNAI: A parcel with nearly half a kilo of gold worth about 14 lakh has gone missing on its way to Tenkasi from Chennai. Police said the parcel, sent through a private transport agency which operates passenger buses, was meant for a retired policeman who was running a jewellery store in Tenkasi.Police sources said the transport operator's office in Koyambedu received the parcel from Siddhu, a resident of Ayanavaram, to be sent to his friend Karunakaran in Tenkasi on Monday.They often exchanged gold in parcels without revealing the contents, police said. Karunakaran usually bought the jewellery for his shop from Siddhu, they said.On Tuesday, Karunakaran was waiting for the parcel at Tenkasi and was shocked to find it was not in the pile of parcels received at the transport agency's officer there. He approached the operator but failed to get a proper response. He then decided to approach Koyambedu police and lodged a complaint saying close to 60 sovereigns (480g) of gold jewellery had gone missing. Police , who questioned him, said he had been exchanging valuables in a similar manner for the past four years.A spokesperson for the travel agency told TOI that the parcel was booked on Monday, for which they charged 50. He said the senders had to declare the contents of the package when they book their consignments . But in this case, the sender claimed the package contained cellphones, he said.\"We have clearly mentioned in the declaration form that no valuables should be sent through courier and we are not responsible if any valuables are lost,\" the spokesperson said. \"They (Siddhu and Karunakaran) have exchanged five to six parcels in the last eight months through us,\" he said.Koyambedu police are conducting enquiries with the driver and cleaner of the bus from which the parcel went missing. They are also questioning the complainant to make sure his claim was true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17630647", "title": "Tax relief for IHF could benefit BCCI", "text": "NEW DELHI: A recent judgment in favour of the Indian Hockey Federation (IHF) could result in a huge tax relief for other sports federations too, including the cash-rich BCCI.The IHF had opposed the income tax department's levy on Rs 44.99 lakh sponsorship money received from Sahara India in 2008-09. The I-T department treated this as IHF's income and imposed tax on the returnable income.The commissioner (appeals) said in his order that IHF was engaged in education (of sports) and treating this as \"business activity has been found to be totally misconceived\".I-T department likely to appeal against IHF verdictNEW DELHI: The commissioner appeals' order, which gave Indian Hockey Federation (IHF) relief in its appeal against the I-T department levying tax on sponsorship money, could encourage BCCI to claim exemption on its income from various sporting activities on the ground that it is \"furthering the cause of sports\".So far the matter between the I-T department and the BCCI is subjudice, and the latter pays tax under protest. As claims made by BCCI, it had paid almost Rs 1,000 crore tax to the I-T department under protest and has been seeking refund of more than Rs 900 crore.As for IHF, it had declared nil income for being a charitable organisation. The I-T department contended that the money received from Sahara was in the nature of \"rendering services in relation to business of Sahara in lieu of consideration to the assessee.\"The department had taken the cover of a new proviso introduced in the I-T act through an amendment in 2008 that clarified that the \"advancement of any other object of general public utility shall not be a charitable purpose if it involves any activity in the nature of trade, commerce of business\" or a service provided in lieu of these activities.This amendment [Section 2(15)] was introduced in 2008 primarily to tax the BCCI for its income in the IPL and other such events such as the Champions League T20, its earnings from media rights and sponsorships that ran into thousands of crores. In the financial year ending March 2012, the BCCI has claimed earnings of more than Rs 5,000 crore.The I-T department, in all likelihood, will appeal against the IHF verdict, but if charitable status is granted to IHF as in the current case, BCCI is likely to benefit from its ongoing dispute with the government.The order in favour of IHF said: \"...the case of the appellant falls under the category of education because various expenses have been incurred for education of hockey sport players as has been explained in submission... coaching given to young for playing hockey is a systematic training given for preparation for the work of life. Therefore this activity of the appellant comes under the purview of education.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17635786", "title": "PHFI launches diabetes management program", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI) on Friday launched 'Uday'- an intensive five year programme to fight the rising burden of non-communicable diseases (NCD) in India, with an initial focus on improving outcomes for people with diabetes and High Blood Pressure (HBP).K Srinath Reddy, President, PHFI said the programme aims to demonstrate cost-effective scalable approaches for effective diabetes and high blood pressure management. \"In the first phase, the project will be implemented in Vizag (Andhra Pradesh) and Sonepat (Haryana), with intent to strengthen the diabetes and HBP care capabilities in terms of prevention, detection and effective management,\" he said.According to the PHFI President diabetes and its complications represent a rapidly expanding public health concern that is expected to affect 552 million people by 2030 with devastating health and economic consequences. \"Diabetes is no longer a disease of the rich. It affects a large number of lower middle class individuals and the poor. Diabetes over a long term affects all organs of the body and is linked to heart attacks , stroke, some cancers and several infections,\" he said.D Prabhakaran, Director Centre for Chronic Disease Control and PHFI said, \"Preventive strategies are urgently required to curb the anticipated 50% increase in premature death due to diabetes in the next decade. These include both health promotion to adapt the right life style and utilizing simple yet effective management strategies for treating manifest diabetes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17631887", "title": "Assailants slit woman's throat", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 35-year-old 'estranged' wife of an NRI, was attacked by assailants with sharp-edged weapons while she was alone at her house in Vanasthalipuram on Saturday. Her condition was reported to be serious. Police suspect that a dispute over a piece of land worth Rs 6 crore in Suryapet, Nalgonda district, could be the motive behind the attack.Vanasthalipuram police said Surekha, who had separated from her husband Satish Chandrashekar, a software engineer who stays in the US, has been staying alone at a rented accommodation in Vanasthalipuram for the past three months. \"Around 11 am, two persons entered Surekha's house and slit her throat. The attackers latched the door from outside before fleeing. A badly-injured Surekha banged on the window panes for help. Fortunately, house owner Bhaskar Rao heard the sound and shifted her to a hospital,\" SI Nagaraju said. Investigators said Surekha's family owns 20-30 acres of farmland in Suryapet and they suspect the attack could be a result of property dispute.\"The victim is presently not in a position to talk and her condition is said to be serious. She could barely write on a paper when we went to record her statement. The needle of suspicion is being pointed towards one Sanjeev Rao of Suryapet, but we are yet to identify him,\" police added. Since several months, the land belonging to her in Suryapet, worth nearly Rs six crore, has been in dispute.A case was registered under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the IPC and police are trying to trace the two assailants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17631814", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcProbe depends on judicial panel\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s visit\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Visiting Pakistan interior minister Rehman Malik on Saturday said, \"We have to figure out all these...whether non-state actors from the two sides are acting at the instance of a third power. You are aware that things had taken an alarming turn, with both countries massing their troops on the border. Things would have been worse if the leadership on both sides had not shown maturity.\"Denying the charge that Pakistan was reluctant to get to the bottom of the conspiracy behind 26/11 specifically when all evidence are there on Pakistani soil, Malik said the trial would have been completed by now if a judicial commission from Pakistan had been allowed to cross-examine the four crucial Indian witnesses in the Mumbai attack case when it had visited India (in March, 2012). He also said that with the Indian government agreeing to let in the judicial commission visit Mumbai and cross-examine the witnesses \"very soon\", the trial in Pakistan (of LeT commander Zaki-ur-Rahman Lakhvi and six other accused) in the 26/11 case would be concluded swiftly.Malik repeated his insistence that the two countries should let bygones and be bygones in order to have better ties: a pitch which is seen by here as code for saying that India should drop its insistence for punishment to 26/11 perpetrators as the pre-condition for discussing J&K; and other contentious issues.However, he avoided a specific answer when asked the same \"let's-move-on by forgetting the past\" should require Pakistan to withdraw its claims over J&amp;K.; \"We have to forget that India and Pakistan are enemies... We are converging on Kashmir issue... we are not forgetting 26/11... I am not saying forget the incident. I am only saying forget the feeling of animosity. Let us create an era of brightness\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632303", "title": "Zoo's last male Bengal tiger is ill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two weeks after a Royal Bengal tiger, Naresh, died of age-related conditions at Delhi zoo, another is reported seriously ill. Ramu, the last male Royal Bengal tiger at the zoo, has suddenly started shivering and vets say it could be a nervous disorder or just a cold-related illness.\"He has been shivering since Saturday morning. He is under observation,\" said a zoo official, adding, \"We have started the treatment and the tiger is responding. We hope it will recover\".Three months ago, Ramu was found suffering from a nervous disorder. The vets suspect a relapse because the tiger has stopped eating. They attribute this condition to old age as the tiger is more than 20 years old. \"Ramu was born in Indore zoo in 1992, and has been at Delhi zoo since 1999,\" said zoo curator Riaz Ahmad Khan.Delhi zoo has four Royal Bengal tigresses, all of which are ready to be mated. The zoo also has seven white tigers, of which two are male and five female.While no breeding programme was successful with Naresh because of his ferocity, Ramu has an offspring named Zing-Zing, who was born in 2005 at the Delhi zoo. She is one of the four female Royal Bengal tigers at the zoo.Three months ago, Ramu was found suffering from a nervous disorder. The vets suspect a relapse because the tiger has stopped eating", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17632423", "title": "Confident Churchill to take on rejuvenated Sporting", "text": "PANAJI: Churchill Brothers technical director Subhash Bhowmick likens his squad to four utensils packed meticulously inside a sack: one of them, while clashing with the other, is bound to make some noise.There have been rumblings in recent times about Churchill Brothers. An influential player clashed with the coaching staff, news of discontent was selectively leaked out and some players could not look in the eye of the management. Bhowmick is a veteran of such situations and described the current travails as \"tea and biscuits.\"\"I've got the team entirely under my thumb. I don't see anything wrong with this team. Remember that I have handled big and controversial names in the past. Players like Mike Okoro, Douglas, Alvito (D'Cunha), M. Suresh are no match to what we have at the moment,\" said Bhowmick, dismissing the rumblings in just one bold stroke.Despite of what is being said, and reported, Churchill's performance away from home has been the talking point of the league. Churchill won 10 out of a possible 12 points, and had the strikers not missed on gilt-edge chances in Sikkim -- despite braving the six-degree chill and bumpy travel -- it would have been a perfect score for the title contenders.\"The players have shown character. For the last 20 days, despite travel hardships, change in weather, cold climate and some tough games, the players came out trumps. I know they will do the same against Sporting Clube, who, at home, can be equally dangerous,\" said Bhowmick.With Spanish coach Oscar Bruzon now at the helm of affairs, Sporting Clube, the coach feels, is confident and assured.\"There was a need for changes tactically, physically and psychologically. We don't deserve to be where we are (on the points table) but we are fast improving,\" said Bruzon.Bruzon has a point. In the last game, Bruzon's first in charge, Sporting Clube found themselves 0-2 down inside the first 18 minutes, but recovered spectacularly to tie the match. With some luck and better finishing, they could have turned the match on its head as well.\"Our strategy now is to attack right from the word go. The players have the confidence to attack and shoot on target. For the past one week, we have been working on the crossing and finishing,\" said Bruzon.Against Churchill, it will be time for a rejuvenated Sporting to show just how much they have grown in confidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "17633026", "title": "UP assembly Speaker to inaugurate festival in Ayodhya", "text": "FAIZABAD: Senior Samajwadi Party leader and UP speaker of legislative assembly Mata Prasad Pandey will inaugurate the four-day long 31st Ramayan Mela in Ayodhya on Sunday. The Ramayan Mela committee headed by senior Vishwa Hindu Parishad leader and president of Ram Janambhoomi Nyas Trust Mahant Nritya Gopal Das will preside over the function.The Ramayan Mela sponsored by the state government with heavy grants and is being organised by the tourism and culture department on the banks of river Saryu in the temple town. The Ramayan Mela, which was started in 1982 by the then Congress government to present a religious face of the party before the public. The mela was later patronised by BJP. Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav also patronised it and ensured his personal presence whenever in power since 1989.The organisers of Ramayan Mela were hopeful of getting Mulayam Singh Yadav as the chief guest in this Ramayan Mela for the inauguration, but till Thursday evening no official information was received by local administration regarding Yadav's visit. Yadav's close aide and general secretary of Ramayan Mela committee Sheetla Singh while talking to TOI said that last time when Mulayam Singh Yadav was chief minister he inaugurated the Ramayan Mela, but this time he has send Mata Prasad Pandey to inaugurate the mela. tnnMata Prasad Pandey who is also the SP's Lok Sabha candidate from Domariyaganj Lok Sabha constituency will also seek blessings of Mahant Nritya Gopal Das who has got a number of followers and devotees attached to his temple movement in eastern Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17630885", "title": "We must look beyond narrow community issues, say leaders", "text": "MUMBAI: On December 6, the 20th anniversary of the demolition of the Babri Masjid, a group of principals and teachers of Muslim-managed schools congregated at Anjuman-e-Islam School \u00e2\u20ac\u201d not to mourn but to listen to a research scholar from IIM Ahmedabad. Abrar Ali Sayed\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe first Gujarati Muslim to enter the portals of the institute\u00e2\u20ac\u201dasked the audience to go beyond pedagogy and prepare vision statements, collaborate with non-Muslim institutions and aim for excellence.Twenty years after Babri, a positive change seems to be enveloping the Muslim mind. Having been led up a disastrous path, through rhetoric and drumming-up of real or imagined injustices by its myopic leadership, the community has finally shaken off its victimhood mentality and is keen on prospering.\"The emotional issues of the 1990s, like rebuilding the masjid, no longer excite the Muslim youth. They are more concerned about cornering the opportunities available today,\" says Amir Idrisi, president of the Association of Muslim Professionals, the NGO that organised Sayed's talk.The NGO's latest project is Vision 2020: Role of Indian Muslims. \"We are aiming to create an army of confident, motivated, career-oriented Muslim youth which will set the agenda for the community by 2020,\" says Najeebur Rahman, AMP member and director in an IT company. \"We are holding meetings across the country and creating a network of Muslim professionals whom we can engage to mentor young Muslim students,\" says Idrisi. Vision 2020 states that attempts will be made to make Muslims self-reliant rather than fight for reservations. \"Reservations are like crutches, and a community cannot be confident if it depends on crutches permanently,\" says Rahman.Indeed, quite a few battles are now being fought in education, economical and political empowerment. On December 6, instead of symbolically mourning with black badges or holding morchas, a delegation of Muslims in Mumbai met the chairman of the state minorities commission with a request to expedite the process of establishing a chapter of Aligarh Muslim University ( AMU) in Maharashtra.Shirking the exclusivist ideas of some of their now discredited leaders\u00e2\u20ac\u201dSyed Shahabuddin had called on Muslims to boycott Republic Day celebrations in the 1990s, a call he later withdrew\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe community wants a share in the country's integrated growth. It is to disseminate the idea of integration that scholar-activist Dr Javed Jamil has prepared a document called Muslim Vision for Secular India: Destination and Roadmap.\"A Muslim needs to think from the perspective of an Indian and be concerned about poverty and malnutrition across communities,\" says Jamil. He argues that Muslims must also strive to create wealth. \"For long, a section of the clergy has implanted in the community an aversion to creating wealth,\" he says. \"But the very concept of zakat (tithe) shows that unless Muslims create wealth, they can't distribute it among the needy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635344", "title": "Rozlyn Khan approaches Cyber Crime Investigation Cell", "text": "Debuting in Bollywood with her seductive Savita Bhabhi avatar, the butt baring model Rozlyn Khan's Google profile has been hacked. Khan was taken by surprise and after she found her picture was replaced by another model posing nude.Rozlyn was irked when she was got to notice about an image of a nude model circulating in cyber space tagged with her name 'Rozlyn Khan'. The full frontal nude picture is uploaded from a certain twitter account which appears in the 'Rozlyn Khan' Search engine.Rozlyn who dares to bare without care can't see others getting nude in her Google profile hence she decided to approach the Mumbai Cyber Crime Investigation Cell.Though Rozlyn has posed for semi nude pictures in past she never promoted frontal nudity. As per Rozlyn it was a deliberate attempt to malign her since she has acquired some meaty roles in Bollywood especially the forthcoming film based of seductive cartoon strip of Savita Bhabhi. If sources are to be believed, Rozlyn tipped the Cyber Crime officials about a suspect who has been handling her social media and due to some altercations between the two, Rozlyn allegedly suspect him to have publically damaged her account.A mail sent by the Mumbai Cyber Crime Investigation Cell to the Twitter authorities promptly got the nude picture removed. However Cyber Crime Investigation Cell is still in search of actual culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17632832", "title": "Ajay Singh for CBI probe in Gammon land deal", "text": "BHOPAL: Leader of the opposition Ajay Singh demanded a CBI probe into the allotment of the 15 acre precious piece of land at the south TT Nagar here to Gammon India Ltd allegedly at a throwaway price by the BJP government leading to a Rs 5,000 crore loss to the state exchequer.Addressing a press conference here on Saturday, Singh termed the allotment as \"illegal\" and demanded termination of the land deal with the company. He demanded action against the chief minister, his cabinet colleagues and bureaucrats who were allegedly involved in facilitating the deal leading to the heavy loss to the state exchequer.According to Singh, the tender for plot allotment was approved by the state cabinet and claimed it was an unprecedented move in the history of Madhya Pradesh. \"The responsibility of those involved in the allotment should be fixed and action should be taken against them,\" he demanded.Singh said that according to the tender agreement, the company, to be raised by the Gammon, should have been formed only for the central business district (CBD) project. However, this is not the case with Deepmala .He claimed that Deepmala Infrastructure is an \"illegal\" company. It is registered as an ordinary company and was not formed by Gammon India, he said.Singh said that the CBI inquiry would \"unmask the faces\" behind the project who have been holding its strings.He also demanded from Deepmala infrastructures to release the list of the people who have booked residential and commercial space in the project.The issue was also raised by the Congress in the just-concluded winter session of the Vidhan Sabha, where housing minister Narottam Mishra had denied all allegations related to the allotment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17633279", "title": "Ludhiana chapter of Indian Medical Association gets a new team for 2013", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Ludhiana chapter of the Indian Medical Association (IMA) elected office-bearers for 2013 on Saturday. According to a statement issued by the Ludhiana Chapter of IMA, the new IMA team was elected unopposed. Dr Gaurav Sachdeva is senior vice-president, Dr Narjit Kaur is vice-president, Dr Subash Singla is honorary secretary, Dr S S Bedi is finance secretary , Dr Shiv Gupta is joint secretary and Dr R K Sharma is the president elect for 2014. Dr Karamvir Goyal has been elected president for 2013. Dr Manoj Sobti has been elected state IMA president.The IMA statement said competition was witnessed for the post of vice-president with Dr Avinash Jindal and Dr Narjit Kaur in the fray. However, Dr Jindal withdrew papers in favour of Dr Narjit.Election Commission members Dr Bharti Uppal and Dr Jasbir Singh Chugh announced the new team. Dr D P Singh Arora, Dr Manoj Kumar Sobti, Dr Arun Mitra, Dr Kulwant Singh and Dr P S Jassal congratulated the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636952", "title": "Mahesh Babu-Venkatesh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s SVSC audio today", "text": "The audio songs release of the much awaited multi-starrer film Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu, starring Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh, is scheduled to take place today at Nanakramguda, Ramanaidu studios. The audio launch will be a glittering affair with Mahesh Babu, Venkatesh and other prominent film personalities gracing the event.Director Sreekanth Addala has completed the entire shooting part and is left with a song (to be filmed on Venkatesh and Anajali). Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh are paired opposite Samantha and Anajali in thid family entertainer for which Mickey J Meyer has composed the tunes.The release date of Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu will be January 11, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17631101", "title": "No room for hope: Housing land wasted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The BJP has promised to construct affordable houses for the middle class and urban poor at the rate of 2,740 houses a day for five years, while the Congress claims that they will make 822 houses a day.This spectacular feat has never been achieved in the 52-year history of Gujarat. What both parties won't tell you is that large tracts of Urban Land (Ceiling and Regulation) Act (ULCRA) lie criminally wasted and encroached upon, across Gujarat's cities. These were meant to house the middle class and poor.In Ahmedabad, for almost three decades, 790 acres of land acquired under ULCRA to construct houses for the urban poor and middle class, have been unutilized and almost 40% has been encroached on. Today, demand for houses in the city is 1.73 lakh units -1,2 BHK apartments-for the next five years. At the same time there are 2.30 lakh vacant houses in Ahmedabad city-which mostly belong to investors.Large scale speculation has led prices in the city to skyrocket by almost 180% between 2007 and 2012. Senior revenue officials in Gandhinagar say the encroached land on ULCRA patches in Ahmedabad can alone provide housing for 40,000 people.\"Large swathes of ULCRA land are available in posh localities of the city in the western areas. With land prices skyrocketing in these areas, an 'affordable house' neighborhood will cause rates to crash. Gujarat Housing Board (GHB) was deliberately put in cold storage for over a decade while builders made hay. The recently announced GHB schemes are all located in peripheral areas of the city,\" says a senior urban development department official.The scenario is the same in cities like Surat, Vadodara and Rajkot. In Surat, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) had in 2007 raised serious objections against GHB leasing out prime land measuring 1.72 lakh square metres in Jahangirabad, to a private trust headed by the sitting Surat MP. CAG claimed that the deal not only caused a loss of Rs 15.12 crore to GHB, but also defied the purpose of the land, which was meant to provide affordable houses.Surat city has the most vacant houses in the state with 2.32 lakh dwellings unoccupied. In Rajkot 94,870 houses are vacant while there are 1.21 lakh empty houses in Vadodara. Cushman and Wakefield, a real estate consultancy firm claims that in major cities of Gujarat like Ahmedabad, housing demand will be driven by inhabitants and migrant population. It said the migrant population, which will be drawn by industrial activity on Ahmedabad's periphery, will drive demand in the high-end segment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17632238", "title": "Pleasant Saturday, similar weather Sunday", "text": "A misty morning gave way to a sunny day in the capital on Saturday followed by a chilly evening. The weather office has forecast a clear day on Sunday. \"Sunday will have shallow fog in the morning and mainly clear sky thereafter,\" an IMD official said.According to IMD, the maximum temperature Saturday was 24.7 degrees Celsius, two notches above average for this time of the year, while the minimum was four notches above average at 12.8 degrees. The humidity levels wavered between a high of 84 and a low of 47%.Sunday's maximum and minimum temperature are likely to hover around 23 and 11 degrees Celsius respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17632866", "title": "CBI raids office, house of DRM Ahmedabad in DA case", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Bhopal on Saturday raided official and residential premises of a Gujarat's divisional railway manager (DRM) in Ahmedabad, after a complaint of disproportionate assets was registered against him.CBI sources said, Rakesh Bahal - DRM Ahmedabad - allegedly amassed property worth more than Rs 1 crore during his tenure of 2006 to 2012, which is over 200% more than his known source of income.Before being promoted as DRM, Ahmedabad, Bahal was posted as chief works manager at the coach rehabilitation workshop (CRWS), West Central Railway, Bhopal.Incriminating documents, cash and ornaments were seized during the raids at Bahal's residential premises at Rail Bhawan (Ahmadabad), said sources.Officials involved in the raid, informed that a sum of Rs 10 lakh in cash (Rs 5.50 lakhs from residence and Rs 4.50 lakhs from bank lockers), 100 gms gold ornaments, Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP), fixed-deposits of Rs 35 lakhs and registries of flats at Bangalore and Delhi were found at his residence.The CBI had been investigating a complaint against the said officer for the last several months. They had raided the coach rehabilitation workshop (CRWS) factory a couple of months ago in connection with procurement of blasting and furnishing machine worth Rs 3 cr. These machines were procured during Bahal's tenure and allegation about kick-backs in the deal were leveled, said a railway officer wishing anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17633718", "title": "Telugu promotion leaves jarring note", "text": "HYDERABAD: The labour department officials seem to be stretching their move to promote the Telugu language to ridiculous length . Recently they issued orders to all business establishments in the city to have their signboards in Telugu , dubbed the 'Italian of the East', besides other languages . They even resorted to strong-arm tactics , including blackening or defacing signboards , at some shops /establishments in MG Road in Secunderabad on Saturday.The officials came up with the proposal in view of the World Telugu Conference to be held later this month . On the orders of the labour commissioner , officials , led by deputy commissioner of labour S Naresh Kumar , met owners of erring shops in MG Road in Secunderabad and issued final notices apart from defacing the signboards with black paint.\"The department has been running a campaign for the past 10 days in Secunderabad urging shopkeepers to put up signboards in Telugu . On Saturday , we blackened signs of some shops and served show-cause notices on owners of 37 business establishments as per provisions of rule 29 (13) of the AP Shops and Business Establishments Act,\" Naresh Kumar told STOI.The labour department had given a week's time to shop-keepers to fall in line .\"Wehavewarnedthem thatin case they fail to do so we will launch prosecution proceedings against them as per the Act and file cases in court,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17632674", "title": "MP unable to rescind deal even as HCL fails to deliver", "text": "JABALPUR: MP government's ambitious food coupon project launched in April last year to streamline the public distribution system (PDS) supply to 1.25 crore BPL card holders lies in a limbo after HCL consortium- the private body hand picked by babus- failed to deliver. However unlike any instance of breach of contract, the government has no option but to wait and keep its finger crossed as it had voluntarily and inexplicably surrendered its authority to rescind or terminate the deal!The centrally sponsored scheme for coupons to be developed on the PPP model was patterned on the adhar card and has an estimated budget of Rs 1400 crores. After accepting the tender of HCL consortium which comprises three different concerns HCL Computers, Virgo Software and Edenred Accor- commissioner food and civil supplies signed an agreement with it on July 28, 2011 and gave it the task of designing, developing and maintenance of the 22,000 fair price shops (FPS) across the state. The idea was to eliminate duplication of ration cards, manipulation of address by the FPS and improving the efficiency of the supply chain.However in its over enthusiasm to benefit the private party, the government did something unusual. it illegally arbitrarily deleted or grossly diluted multiple provisions of the original notice inviting tender (NIT) (RFP) (request for proposal) before entering into the final contract and turned it virtually unrecognizable and heavily geared to favor the consortium. So when the latter began to play truant and government resorted to issue show cause notices, the subsequent differences led to a deadlock which has yet not been resolved. This in effect means the scheme is aborted even before it was born.Government's unquestioned surrender before the consortium has meanwhile raised eyebrows. Siddharth Radheylal Gupta, the counsel for Nirdhan Nishulk Kanuni Salahkar Samiti, which has now filed a PIL seeking quashing of the controversial agreement claims that the changes have created a monopoly in perpetuity in favor of HCL. The charge is corroborated by a comparison between the NIT and final agreement and the dissimilarities are all too glaring. For instance clause3.4 NIT had set a time limit of five years for the project timing it with the completion of adhar card enrollment. This has been unceremoniously dropped in the agreement.The cost of deploying resources infrastructure taxes, duties, license fee etc liable to be paid by the consortium as per clause 3.2, 6.10 NIT is completely reversed making it mandatory for the government instead to foot all these expenses. States power to terminate the contract has also been deleted and a new clause has been added which states that \"contract can be terminated by FCS if a resolution is passed for winding up the consortium by appropriate judicial/government authority\".Interestingly while the government has been handcuffed in not introducing any new party in the deal, the consortium has been given the privilege to change its members if and when desired. Also by not taking GOI and planning commission into confidence while drafting the final agreement, the government makes its intentions suspect.So as the consortium dithers and flexes its privilege, MP government finds itself on the weak wicket to the detriment of a good cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631550", "title": "City's traffic in jeopardy as Nagpur Municipal Corporation sits on master plan 2031", "text": "NAGPUR: The city's traffic management seems to have met a dead end. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has failed to take up projects proposed in its master plan 2031 even as the phase-I schedule of the medium-term plan lapsed last year itself. Had everything worked out according to the plan, the city would have boast of five new flyovers and two railway over bridges (ROBs) by 2011.As per the central government directives, the NMC conducted a study on the existing traffic compared with population in 2007 and prepared the master plan, which aimed at infrastructure development to manage estimated increase in traffic by 2031. The plan included construction of seven new flyovers, eight ROBs, widening of two existing ROBs, construction of missing road links at 12 locations, widening three existing railway under bridges (RuBs), five bridges on rivers and nullahs, foot over bridges, city bus, BRTS, bicycle lanes on four roads, pedestrian subways at four locations, goods terminal at four areas and metro rail with two corridors.The total cost of the projects was estimated at Rs7,885 crore considering prices in 2008. Due to huge requirement of funds and large scale works, the plan was divided into three broad categories - short-term improvement plan, three phases in medium-term, and long-term improvement plan. Projects proposed in short-term plan were to be completed between 2008 and 2009. The projects of phase-I of medium-term plan were to be completed between 2009 and 2011, followed by phase-II between 2012 and 2016, and phase-III between 2017 and 2021. The long-term improvement plan was to be executed between 2022 and 2031.The NMC submitted the master plan to the Centre, which gave approval to a couple of projects including ROBs and RUBs at Mangalwari and Itwari. Later, the MSRDC took up Narendra ROB project. Even, the Centre approved city buses for the city. The metro rail project is in the pipeline. But majority of the projects remained only on papers. However, the NMC chose to sit idle and did not took up even a single project on its own citing lack of funds.City engineer SS Gaikwad told TOI the master plan is a continuous process and there have been follow ups. \"In 2010, a core committee comprising officials from NMC, NIT, MSRDC, PWD and other departments concerned was formed to plan and execute the projects proposed in the master plan. The then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal took the plan to the Centre. Few projects including flyovers at Pardi, Sadar, Agrasen Square and Automotive Square, along with ROBs at Manish Nagar and Kawarapeth, widening of ROBs at Jaripatka and Panchpaoli are in the pipeline and would cost around Rs850 crore,\" he said.Sources said the NMC will not take any project on its own and continue to depend on Central funds. \"All the proposals will be submitted if taken up under JNNURM phase-II,\" they added.The city is already witnessing traffic congestion at many places due to increase in vehicles. The situation may worsen if the projects proposed under the master plan continue to remain on papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17633497", "title": "Cash, ornaments worth Rs 25 lakh 'stolen' from jewellery shop", "text": "PATNA: A group of thieves sneaked into a jewellery shop near Kulharia Complex under Pirbahore police station and allegedly decamped with cash and ornaments worth Rs 25 lakh late on Friday night. The shop-owner, Pervez Alam, lodged an FIR with Pirbahore police on Saturday.Pirbahore police station SHO S A Hashmi said the case had many loose ends. He said the shopowner could not confirm from where the thieves entered the shop as the shutter had not been damaged.Pervez's family resides behind the shop and there is a gate to enter the shop. \"Though shopowner claimed that the thieves entered the shop from the back gate which was open, his wife said the gate was closed on Friday night,\" the SHO said.The SHO further said the shopowner had taken Rs 50 lakh loan from a bank for opening two shops in the locality. He said Alam was not able to repay the loan and the bank was mooting to auction the shop. He said one of the shops had already been closed. The jewellery shop has an insurance of Rs 50 lakh. The police were investigating the case from different angles.Worker killed in mishap: A worker, Sonu Kumar, was killed when a tractor on which he was travelling overturned near Betaura Mor under Beur police station on Saturday. Beur police station SHO M Paswan said the vehicle was on way to Lodipur.Four thieves arrested: A Phulwarisharif police team arrested four thieves and forwarded them to judicial custody on Saturday. Beur police station SHO said the criminals had committed theft in the house of one Anjani Kumar at Mahavir Nagar Colony on December 11. They were identified as Rohit Paswan, Amar Paswan, Raj Kumar Rai and Vicky Kumar Azad alias Vicky Dom. He said they had admitted their involvement in the theft. The police also recovered a bike and some jewellery from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633308", "title": "Hello, there is a virtual assistant in your pocket", "text": "One evening in early September when Aatif Sumar was in office, his phone beeped and vibrated. He picked up the device - a Galaxy Nexus \u00e2\u20ac\u201d thinking he had got an SMS. Instead he found a virtual card with a message for him. The card told him it was time to leave for home, drew a route he could take, showed him the traffic conditions on that route and gave him an estimated time that he would take to reach his destination.The card came from Google Now, a virtual assistant built into smartphones that run on the Android 4.1 operating system or higher version.Aatif was surprised. And amazed. \"I didn't ask my phone for any route. I never told it that the place where I had been sitting was my office. I never told it the location of my home,\" he says.Looks like he didn't have to.Google Now is a New Age virtual assistant. \"It uses the time of day, your location (through GPS in a phone), and your location history to show you what the traffic on your commute is like,\" says a Google spokesperson. \"Informational cards (there are around 10 like weather, score card, traffic, etc) appear when you're out and about and when they're needed most, organizing the things you need to know and freeing you up to focus on what's important to you.\"Aatif had upgraded his phone to Android 4.1 in August. For weeks, the software in the phone learned about him.\"Apparently, it learned my schedule and started associating places with time. The place where I spent my nights became my home. The places where I spent my weekdays became my office,\" says Aatif.Once it learned enough, the virtual assistant started giving Aatif the information he might need.Google Now, along with Apple's Siri, is one of the top virtual assistants in the business at the moment. But where Google Now goes about its tasks with a sense of grave responsibility, Siri, which is available to all iPhone 4S and iPhone 5 users, has a somewhat flashier personality. To begin with, it wants you to talk to it. And boy does it love talking. Once it is familiar with your accent - it takes a while - you can ask virtually anything. In return you get a virtual assistant that can fire witty replies whenever you are bored.If your questions are interesting, you will likely get an interesting answer from Siri. Telling it \"I love you\" may earn you a reprimand such as \"do you say that to all your phones\". Or a mild rejection like \"my terms and conditions don't allow me to love you back\". If you mean business, Siri seems equally adept at that. It can dial up numbers saved in your phone, take down your messages and send them to \"your wife\". It can tell you the weather of the day. You can tell it to set up your appointments.Artificial intelligence is on the upswing and apps like Siri and Google Now are no more the dumb apps of the past. They have started adding contexts. You don't have to tell Siri to call (your daughter's name). You can simply say, \"call my daughter\". You don't have to spell out exact commands. You can say, \"can you call my daughter\" or \"please call my daughter\" or \"dial up the number of daughter\" and the result is likely to be the same.Google Now goes one step further. It connects the dots. Every morning, when Rushabh Vora, a sophomore student in Los Angeles , wakes up, Google Now in his phone shows him the exchange rate for rupee in terms of dollars and the weather of Mumbai, where his parents live.When Rushabh, a football fan, searches for information on Manchester United on Google, the app remembers it. \"When Manchester United is playing and I am travelling, Google Now shows me the score even if I forget to look for it,\" he says.It's impressive. \"But just a beginning,\" says Chuck C Smith, a researcher working on man-machine interactions and experiences at Intel Labs. Intel, in partnership with Nuance, is working on a virtual assistant called Dragon that will allow computer users to control their machines using natural interface like voice.\"The existing virtual assistants are just the tip of the iceberg. Extending the realm of the contextual information that can be mined is the next logical step - like mining context from non-Google apps not under its direct control,\" says Smith. \"After all, the personal assistant should be proactive to anticipate the needs of its user, to a much, much greater extent than that now possible with Google Now. A personal assistant needs to be autonomous and maintenance-free, and able to act on behalf of its user.\"For now, personal assistants barely meet the criteria, which can qualify them as being intelligent. For example, Siri, which requires good connectivity because it uses Apple servers to even process something as basic as the voice of the device user, often stumbles at speech recognition. While people with American or British accent fare much better, for Indian users, it often gets it wrong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17632553", "title": "Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan raises funds for special kids", "text": "MANGALORE: Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) has joined hands with various cooperative societies in the district to raise funds to aid special children.The funds will be used to provide free education and necessary equipment like wheelchairs, artificial limbs and other aids to these children.SSA has identified 5,186 poor special children here and raised Rs 4.61 lakh from cooperative societies. Of the 5,186 children, SSA has identified 602 children who are severely mentally and physically challenged.N Shivaprakash, deputy project coordinator of SSA, told STOI that for the upliftment of these special children, in the first phase, SSA has chosen 315 children. \"Using these funds we will help children with disabilities to purchase books, medical aids, and other things,\" he added.As many as 378 volunteers will conduct home-based education for physically challenged children who can not come to school, said Shivaprakash, adding that volunteers will conduct classes for two days in a week at respective homes of physically challenged children.\"Funds will be used to help children aged between 6 and 14. They will be given free transportation facility to travel from home to school every day. The motto is to make special students to come to schools regularly and provide good quality education and necessary services,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17633196", "title": "Ludhiana makes way for the God today", "text": "LUDHIANA: Devotees are gearing up for the 17th Jagannath Rath Yatra that would be taken out in the city on Sunday with much enthusiasm. The yatra begins from Durga Mata Mandir at 1.30pm and culminates at Nav Durga Mata Mandir at 10.30pm.The yatra in the city is the biggest after the Jagannath Rath Yatra held in Jagannath Puri, in Odisha, claim the organizers. Yatra director Sunder Das Dhameeja, who has been associated with it since 1996 said, \"Some 500 stalls would be set up along the entire route\"With devotees keen to seek divine blessings, the Jagannath Rath Yatra promises unmatched splendour. No stone has been left unturned to make the yatra a success.Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Badal is expected to come, as he is the chief guest of the yatra. Vipin Sood, vice-president of the rath yatra informed, \"This time over 1,500 people are coming to participate in the rath yatra from countries like America, Australia, Russia, Canada and England. Arrangements have been made for special cranes for garlanding Lord Jagannath. Around 5 lakh people are expected to be a part of the celebrations this year.\"It is believed that on this day Lord Jagannath comes out to bless those devotees who are unable to come to the temple through out the year.Banwari Harjai, a businessman and a resident of Model Gram is busy making preparations for setting up a stall along with his wife Poonam, children, Krishna, Vaishnavi and Poorvi. They would be setting it up near Ghumar Mandi Chowk outside their showroom for greeting and serving people, participating in the yatra. \"This time we will be offering people 'karhi chawal,' 'jalebis' and ice cream. Small gift packs too would be given away,\" smiled Banwari. Sonu Kahsyap, a resident of Krishna Nagar, who is also making preparations for his stall near Arti Chowk said, \"This time we are going to serve people 'kheer' and 'mitha pan.' Besides, small packs of sweets would be given to the children.\" Manu Bhardwaj, a resident of Model town, who owns a gymnasium is going to set up a stall together with this wife Kuldeep near Arti Chowk. \"This is a very special occasion. We would be offering devotees 'samosa,' 'halwa,' tea and water. My parents would also be coming to the stall to serve people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631204", "title": "Struggling to save the clickety-click", "text": "NAGPUR: Its manufacturers may have stopped producing new models and it may be seen as a nostalgic symbol of a lost era. But a small community believes in preserving the age-old typewriters and the musical clickety-click. In fact, this minority is working towards bringing more youngsters into their folds to learn the art that it is striving to preserve.All these typewriter enthusiasts came together during typewriting speed competition exam organized by Maharashtra State Regional Typewriting and Shorthand Society on Sunday. Hundreds of youngsters appeared for this exam that was a precursor to the examination for Government Commercial Certification Examination (GCCE). Principal secretary of state legislature Anant Kalse inaugurated the exams.Most of the people who lean towards learning typewriting are those who are looking for better job prospects. Some government officials also take it up as a means to get promotions. Not juts this, some big corporations have been approaching their institutes to give short-term training to their employees. They seemed to share the beliefs of the president of the society Waman Lanjewar who put it succinctly 'Jyachi typewriter var command, tyachi jagbhar demand'. (Those with a command on typewriting are in demand throughout the world.)\"Typing takes much less time and is done much more efficiently by people who learn typing formally. They also tend to make fewer mistakes. This essentially means that they can finish more work in less time,\" said Lanjewar.Secretary of the society Sanjay Randive pointed out that the typewriters have a much larger lifespan than the computers that become e-waste in a matter of a couple of years. \"Each typewriter we have has a shelf life of 25-30 years. Moreover, the ribbons and other accessories required for it are much cheaper than those required for computers,\" he said.Members of the society also point out the fact that most offices, especially the government ones, are still making use of the machine. \"They may have bought the most sophisticated gadgets but none of these offices have been able to completely do away with the typewriters. The other devices depend on electricity and battery, not the good, old typewriter so work never gets stalled in the absence of electric supply or due to discharged batteries,\" said Anil Borkar, who also runs a typewriting institute.Devendra Hedau, chief organizer of the examinations and the former president of the Nagpur unit of the association adds that even those appearing for the government certification MSCIT, have to give a typing examination. \"The fact that the computers and even the smartphones have retained the arrangement of keys on a typewriter is helping us get many students. In fact, recently some big companies from MIDC and MIHAN are sending their employees for getting trained so as to improve their efficiency. If the railways, airports, departmental stores and other places that have long queues waiting impatiently as the executives struggle to key in information could take a cue from these MNCs,\" he said.All these humble teachers have only one wish that their art and its original medium should not die down. \"We are not against progress by means of computers. But it would be good if there were typewriters that could, perhaps, be attached to the computers,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17630866", "title": "Praveen will take part in inquest", "text": "Praveen Halappanavar, whose wife, Savita, died at University Hospital Galway on October 28, will take part in the inquest at the coroner's court next month, according to reports in the Irish Times. She died in hospital due to blood poisoning following a miscarriage.Praveen had gone back to his job as an engineer with the Boston Scientific company in Galway last week.Initially, he had refused to participate in the ongoing Health Service Executive investigation into his wife's treatment in hospital and subsequent death. He had also refused to take part in the separate Health Information and Quality Authority investigation, which is also currently under way.His solicitor, Gerry O'Donnell, confirmed on Wednesday that Praveen would take part in the inquest before Galway West coroner Dr Ciaran McLoughlin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17633495", "title": "Bansal, Tiwari to address Cong meet on Dec 24", "text": "PATNA: Railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal and information and broadcasting minister Manish Tiwari will address a state-level Congress workers meeting here on December 24.The meeting has been organized to make them aware of the UPA government programmes for development and empowerment of poor and downtrodden families.State congress president Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser on Saturday said Bansal and Tiwari would also focus on the alleged failure of the NDA Government in Bihar. He said the party added 22 lakh new members through its drive. The party now plans to launch a fresh drive for enlisting at least 50 lakh new members. Kaiser said in view of the next Lok Sabha election, a big rally has been planned here in March. Congress president Sonia Gandhi and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi would be requested to address the proposed rally at Patna .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "17632520", "title": "Two held for looting trader", "text": "REWARI: Two persons were arrested on Saturday for allegedly looting Rs 2 lakh from a local businessman here, police said.The accused, identified as Satish Yadav and Navin Yadav from Gurgaon district, were arrested for looting rice merchant Raman Gupta at gunpoint in the Katla Bazar area ere on November 28, they said.Two pistols, seven cartridges, two mobile phones and a motorcycle was also recovered from their possession.The two were produced in a local court which remanded them in three-day police custody, they said, adding that one of their accomplices, identified as Satpal Yadav, is still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "17633737", "title": "HUDA wakes up to violations by clinics", "text": "KARNAL: Adopting a tough stance against hospitals and clinics operating from residential sectors, Haryana Urban Development Authority has launched a campaign to plug unapproved openings to their establishments from main roads in violation of norms.Estate officer Sumita Dhaka said that HUDA had been receiving a number of complaints from locals claiming that unapproved opening were causing lot of problems as it leads to haphazard parking on the main roads, causing traffic jams. The estate officer said though hospitals and clinic could operate from residential sectors after depositing a nominal fee with the authority, none was allowed to change building plans. She said that HUDA had recently served notices to violators to plug unapproved opening or face action. \"While some had willingly closed the openings, HUDA had to initiate action against at least 10 hospitals and clinics,\" she said.There are around 50 such establishment that have unapproved opening towards the main roads in violation of norms and the authority would be initiating action against these. Meanwhile, Rajesh Sharma, a local RTI activist, claimed that action by HUDA was initiated only after he put up a query seeking clarification if hospitals and clinics could make these openings to promote their business, to which the authority had clearly stated that there was not such provision in building bylaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "prantij", "code": "17633628", "title": "'Cong lacks guts to respond to Malik's remarks'", "text": "PRANTIJ: Stepping up his attack hours before the campaigning came to a close in Gujarat, chief minister Narendra Modi on Saturday accused the PMO and Congress of \"keeping the country in the dark\" over Sir Creek issue and hit out at UPA for \"lacking the guts\" to take on \"authoritative\" Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik for his remarks.Malik's comments drawing parallels between 26/11 terrorist attack on Mumbai and the 1992 Babri Masjid demolition in Ayodhya has created quite a furore.\"Neither has the prime minister responded to my questions on Sir Creek issue nor has the Congress....You have kept the people of India in dark on this issue..\" Modi said addressing election rallies at different places in North Gujarat.\"The Union government in Delhi is so weak that Malik comes to India and states authoritatively that the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack is similar to the 1992 Babri Masjid demolition. The Babri Masjid demolition is an internal matter of India. If the Indian government had guts, it should have asked the visiting delegation from Pakistan to say sorry for its comments,\" Modi said addressing an election rally at Prantij.Dismissing Congress's allegation that he has raked up Sir Creek issue to take political mileage, Modi said, \"If the Congress feels that I have raised this issue to get more votes, then postpone this elections. Let the polls be held after six months. Elections will come and go. But I am more concerned about the security of the country.\"He attacked Congress president Sonia Gandhi for doubting his \"patriotism\". \"I am the son of this soil. I was born and brought up here and have fought on this soil. I don't require your certificate of nationalism,\" he said.The audience found the chief minister in a different mood at an election meeting, probably perturbed by the heavy voter turnout in first phase of voting. He even referred to the post-Ayodhya riots, something he hasn't done for a long time. He dove into the past, bringing up imagery of when Palanpur saw long periods of curfew following bloody riots and compared it to the situation today.He implored the audience to \"not look at the local candidate but to see only Modi and ensure that the lotus blooms in Gandhinagar and promised to turn 'Uttar Gujarat' into 'Uttam Gujarat'. During his whirlwind election campaign in North Gujarat at the end of the election campaign, Modi addressed six meetings at Tharad, Dhanera and Palanpur in Banasakntha, Visnagar in Mehsana as well as Prantij and Modasa in Sabarkantha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17631227", "title": "In certain things, Bangla has no parallels", "text": "Supantha Bhattacharyya is a multi-faceted personality. Lecturing in English at the Hislop College is his primary vocation. But he is also an excellent orator and national-level quiz master. He regularly plays the lead role in Stagecraft theatre's English plays. Bhattacharyya's students term him the 'encyclopedia of the English language'. Though in awe of him, his friendly demeanour makes Bhattacharyya very approachable. Recently, the English professor presented a paper in Bangkok on the Bengali language and traced its history.In this interview, Bhattacharyya explains why he chose Bengali as his subject.Tell us about the conference that you had attended.It was the second World Alphabets Olympiad at Bangkok (the first was held last year in Seoul ). It was organized by the International Alphabet Association with Soon Jick Bae (D Litt) of South Korea as its chairman. Around 50 speakers from all over the world participated in the event.What was the topic of the paper you presented?Since Bangla is my first language, I presented a paper on the characteristics, strengths and weaknesses of its script. I traced the history, evolution and standardization of the script. I also indicated certain inconsistencies that are inherent within its script and orthography.What made you choose the topic?Bangla is a language I've grown up reading. Inspired by my late father Dr Sushantakumar Bhattacharyya, I read all the classics at a very young age. Bangla's similarities and differences with Devanagri had always made me curious, although I was never too fond of linguistics.As all languages change with time, do you think that Bengali has preserved itself more because of a rich heritage which its speakers too value?I'm not too sure if the users of the language today are really familiar with the heritage of this language. In Kolkata itself, the very citadel of Bangla culture and literature, the Bangla script has disappeared off the signposts and hoardings. However, it is in Bangladesh (which is the only country where people martyred themselves for their mother tongue) that Bangla is truly being preserved, with many exciting literary experiments and innovations reinforcing and revitalizing it.What are the similarities that Bengali script and dialect share with other languages?The script is believed to have originated from the Siddham, belonging to the Brahmic family, from which Devnagri and other languages too have evolved. Like other Eastern Indo-Aryan languages, Bengali too arose from eastern Middle Indo-Aryan dialects of the Indian subcontinent. Ardhamagadhi, as with all of the Prakrits of North India, began to give way to what are called Apabhra\u00e1\u00b9\u0192\u00c5\u203aa (corrupted grammar) languages just before the turn of the first millennium. The local Apabhra\u00e1\u00b9\u0192\u00c5\u203aa language of the eastern subcontinent, Purvi Apabhra\u00e1\u00b9\u0192\u00c5\u203aa or Abahatta (meaningless sounds), eventually evolved into regional dialects, which in turn formed three groups: the Bihari languages, the Oriya languages, and the Assamese-Bengali languages.At the conference, did you find that other languages also have been following the evolutionary pattern like Bengali?During my interaction with the other delegates, I discovered that the 'old-middle-new' structure prevailed in the chronological evolution of most languages and their scripts. Also, many felt that the 'purity' of the languages was being corrupted by the influence of global languages like English, Spanish, German. However, the sadhubhasha (longer verb inflections with a Sanskrit-based vocabulary, presently restricted only to the editorials of the Ananda Bazar Patrika, and experimental writings in little magazines) and chalitbhasha (the more colloquial contemporary idiom) dichotomy in Bangla is something to which I've found no parallels as yet.Share some interesting facts you came across during your research.The versatile genius of Satyajit Ray had turned to this area too, and he had designed fonts like Ray Bizarre and Ray Roman. Also other than the Bijoy, Inscript and Probhat keyboards, efforts are on to produce a keyboard where the QWERTY system would exactly match the Bangla lipi, although I have some reservations about that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17632315", "title": "Deusa group wins Mando fest award", "text": "PANAJI: The results of the 46th all Goa state-level mando festival organized by the Goa cultural and social centre have been declared. Team Goenchim Kirnnam from Deusa won the Mando Award.In the children's category, the first, second and third place were bagged by groups, Porvorechim Sobit Fullam, (Porvorim), Vernecho Pormoll (Verna) and Our Lady of Snows High School (Raia) respectively.St Xavier Collegicho Naad (Mapusa) secured the first place in the teenager's category while the teams, Saviour of the World High School (Loutolim) and Vernecho Pormoll (Verna) bagged the second and third position in this section.Teams Goenchim Kirnnam (Deusa), Svadik Naad (Majorda) and Mando Mogi (Margao) won first, second and third positions in the traditional category.In the original category, Goenchim Kirnam (Deusa), Svadik Naad (Majorda) and Manorachim Motiam (Raia) were declared first, second and third place winners.Musicians Seby Fernandes representing Aquechim Surgam, Fr Bernardo Cota of Monorachim Motiam and Pervis Gomes of Mando Mogi won first, second and third place positions in the original music category. Santan Viegas representing the Ideal Iskollachi Fultim Fullam bagged first place in the original lyrics category while Olavo Caiado of Goenchim Kirnnam and Michael Gracias of Svadik Naad secured second and third positions respectively.Goenchim Kirnnam secured yet another title by winning the first place in the dance category with St Xavier Collegicho Naad (Mapusa) and Mando Mogi (Margao) coming in a close second and third place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17633498", "title": "CM asks officials to promote poultry farming", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday asked the state officials to promote poultry, goat and sheep farming on a large scale through the Jeevika project with a view to increasing income of small farmers in rural areas.While reviewing the works of animal husbandry and fisheries resources department, the CM also asked the officials to provide necessary subsidy or financial assistance to the farmers for the purpose as per the provisions laid down in the state's agriculture road map.Animal husbandry and fisheries resources minister Giriraj Singh, chief secretary A K Sinha, development commissioner Phool Singh, principal secretary to the CM secretariat, Anjani Kumar Singh, department's secretary Shashi Shekhar Sharma, MNREGA commissioner Pradeep Kumar, Jeevika project CEO Arvind Kumar Choudhary and director, animal husbandry, Rajiv Kumar were also present at the meeting.\"It was also decided at the meeting that the state government would provide subsidy to the farmers for starting hatchery, its mother unit and broiler unit to scale up poultry farming,\" the chief secretary said while coming out of the meeting.He said farmers belonging to weaker sections of the society would be provided necessary training and subsidy through the Jeevika project for such farming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "17632552", "title": "Portia enjoys Hughes advantage", "text": "MUMBAI : Ten top class fillies will fight it out for the top prize of Rs 33,30,000 in the Gitanjali Indian 1000 Guineas, the first of the four Classics of the Mumbai Season and the feature event of the Sunday's Races at the Mahalaxmi Racecourse. The big race will be run at 4 pm.Trainer Pesi Shroff's Portia, Bezan Chenoy's Neona, Karthik Ganapathy's Maple Star and Hyderabad challenger Vijays Pride stand out among the ten contenders.Vijays Pride is best among them on the basis of her past performance as she is the only filly in the field to have won multiple classics (Hyderbad 1000 Guineas; Deccan Bookmakers Fillies Championship Strakes in Hyderabad and Filles Championship Stakes during the Bangalore Summer Season), but her lack of experience at the Mahalaxmi racecourse is the biggest draw back and she may find it tough.Vijays Pride's trainer LVR Deshmukh's inexperience of winning Classics at Mahalaxmi is also a factor that goes against her That leaves Neona, Portia and Maple Star at level terms in the big race.The presence of Irish saddle artist Richard Hughes is great advantage for Portia as the rider knows the Mahalaxmi racecourse like the back of his hand and has won maximum classics among jockeys in the last decade here. Portia is likely to come through with flying colours.There are eight races on Sunday and the first will start at 1.30 pm.In The Spotlight to run mock raceMUMBAI : Wonder filly In The Spotlight, the highest stakes earner in Indian racing history with more than Rs 5 crore in career earnings, will run a mock race at the Mahalaxmi Racecourse on Sunday.In The Spotlighthasbeen invited to Dubai to take part in races during the Dubai Racing Carnival. The champion filly is currently in quarantine at the Mahalaxmi Racecourse and is expected to leave for Dubai on December 21.She is expected to run on the grass tracks as part of her preparations for the Dubai sojourn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635849", "title": "Jiiva takes a break", "text": "Jiiva, whose Neethane En Ponvasantham has just hit screens is on cloud nine, after having received praises for his performance in the film. The actor has been promoting the film in a hectic schedule. He also attended the trailer launch of director Bejoy Nambiar's David, recently.The actor, now we hear took a break and headed to Malaysia to join his actor friends for the Yuvan Shankar Raja concert. Once he returns to Chennai, he will head to Hyderabad for Ravi K Chandran's Yaan , in which he will team up opposite Thulasi Nair.The shoot for the movie is already on a schedule in Mumbai has already wrapped up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635129", "title": "Shankar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s de-stress mantra", "text": "Director Shankar recently revealed at a press meet, how he overcomes stress. The ace director said that whenever he is in a lot of stress , he chooses to watch a comedy, especially films like Ullathai Allitha that had Karthik, Goundamani and Rambha and the recent Oru Kal Oru Kannadi, which marked the debut of Udhayanidhi Stalin as an actor.Among the recent ones, the film that made an impression on the Endhiran director is Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom , directed by Balaji Tharanitharan. The director said that he found the film very different and engaging. Shankar also added that he was eagerly awaiting Santhanam's Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya to hit screens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17633162", "title": "Gaping void in our lives: Nurse\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kids", "text": "LONDON: The grieving children of an Indian-origin nurse, who was found dead following a hoax call to a London hospital treating Kate Middleton , on Saturday paid an emotional tribute to their mother, saying her death has left an \"unfillable void\" in their lives.\"We will miss your laughter and loving smile and memories we had together. The house is empty,\" said Jacintha Saldanha's daughter Lisha, 14, and son Junal, 16, in a joint tribute read out on their behalf during a mass held at Westminster Cathedral.\"We are shattered and there is an unfillable void in our lives. We love you mum,\" they said.Saldanha's husband Benedict Barboza held the hands of his children as they entered the church. Benedict, through the priest, said, \"I love you and I will miss you forever.\" Aprivate memorial service was held at the hospital where staff gathered to pay their respects to Saldanha. An inquest into her death on heard that Saldanha left three suicide notes, with The Guardian reporting that one of the notes criticized staff at the hospital.It is believed the nurse's suicide note has left her grieving family furious, with husband Barboza wanting an inquiry into the incident. A source close to the family said, \"one of the letters, which is the longest, deals with the hospital and is critical in its tone. In another note, the mother-of two describes how she struggled to come to terms with the prank call by the two Australian DJs. The third and final letter is practical and deals with her funeral plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17632051", "title": "'CEC submitted bogus report to SC'", "text": "PANAJI: Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar lashed out at the Supreme Court's (SC) central empowered committee (CEC) \"for not providing correct information\" to the Supreme Court in its report.Stating that the people are referring to the CEC as 'Claude empowered committee', he alleged that the \"CEC has submitted a bogus report to the Supreme Court\".Parrikar questioned why the CEC had not mentioned that the state government had taken steps to ban ore transportations in the state. He also said that the government would dredge rivers and the Salaulim dam to remove the ore settled in the silt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17631810", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcShinde should have rebutted Malik over Babri talk\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Saturday came down heavily on the government for failing to categorically reject Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik's controversial remarks apparently equating terrorist attacks like 26/11 carried out by Pakistan-based groups with the Babri Masjid demolition.BJP leader Arun Jaitley said in Ahmedabad that it was unfortunate that at the very commencement of his visit to India, Malik spoke of \"cross-border terrorism emanating from Pakistan and in the same breath speaking of domestic developments in India\".Jaitley said he was breaching the unwritten convention of political parties not commenting on a visiting foreign dignitary as Malik's highly provocative remarks were not rebutted by home minister Sushilkumar Shinde , present when the Pakistani leader offered his bizarre formulation.The embarrassment caused to the government by Malik's loudmouth utterances gave BJP an opportunity to return to its core instincts and Jaitley said, \"The comments are completely unfortunate, uncalled for and should really have been rebutted by Indian ministers present there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17633788", "title": "Sonia gets ultimatum on Telangana", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Congress leaders on Saturday issued an ultimatum to the party high command and demanded that it come clear on Telangana in public before the all-party meeting on December 28, failing which some of them threatened to quit the party.While the ministers from the region wrote a letter to party president Sonia Gandhi urging her to make a positive statement on the creation of a separate state before the all-party meeting, the MPs and MLAs resolved to take a similar stand in the meeting held at the residence of K Keshava Rao, senior Congress leader championing the Telangana cause in the party.The ministers and the T-Congress leaders also urged the party high command to spell out a single opinion in the all-party meeting and demanded that a single representative be sent to the meeting. While convening the all-party meeting, Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde had asked the political parties to send two representatives.\"The invite is ambiguous and it is drafted as if the Centre is reluctant to talk about the division of the state. And calling two representatives from each party is like suggesting they are encouraging the divided opinion on the issue. To avert any confusion, we demand that the party high command clearly state its stance on Telangana in public and allow a single representative in the meeting,\" said a T- minister.While over ten ministers have given their assent to the content of the letter, Jana Reddy, Ponnala Lakshmiah , Sridhar Babu, Sunitha Lakshma Reddy, Basavaraju Saraiah, Sudarshana Reddy and Geetha Reddy met PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana and handed over the letter to him. While ministers Sabita Indra Reddy and D K Aruna were conspicuous by their absence, ministers Danam Nagender and Mukesh Goud chose not to be party to the letter.\"While we acknowledge that Telangana is an important issue for people , as disciplined members of the party, I and Mukesh Goud didn't want to embarrass the party high command especially when a brainstorming session is being organised on Sunday to discuss the strategies to strengthen the party. We would not be identifying with such activities,\" Danam said.Admitting that the T-Congress leaders were anguished at the way the party leadership was dealing with the Telangana issue, Botsa Satyanarayana said that the high command would take appropriate steps to assuage them.However, he declined to admit that the T-Congress leaders had given an ultimatum to the high command.\"I don't know what they said to the public or the media. All I can say is that the Telangana ministers gave me the letter and asked me to convey their feelings to the high command. And their main demand was to send a single representative to the all-party meeting,\" Botsa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17631837", "title": "Call to rework Muslim personal law", "text": "HYDERABAD: The current Muslim Family Law (MFL) that is followed by millions in India needs to be reworked by abolishing the age-old practice of oral triple talaq (divorce) and by taking more steps to empower women , prominent social scientist Asghar Ali Engineer said on Saturday.Engineer leads the Progressive Dawoodi Bohra movement and has taken the lead in condemning Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin, the leader of the Bohras, for influencing Bohras to vote for Narendra Modi , the chief minister in BJP-ruled Gujarat.\"The oral triple talaq is being given unjustly in a condition of inebriation or in a fit of rage when a man is not in his senses. Further, giving talaq on the phone or by means of SMS should also be abolished,\" Ali engineer said. Speaking at a consultation meeting at Madina Education Centre in the Old City on Friday, Engineer noted that oral triple talaq finds no mention in the Quran. A heated debate also ensued between Engineer and Muslim Personal Law Board joint secretary Abdul Raheem Qureshi as he maintained that no changes should be made in the sharia (Islamic law). Qureshi said that any codification of Islamic law would give the parliament an opportunity to manipulate it, but Engineer who is very well respected in the Muslim community called for several measures to make laws more people-friendly.Engineer said arbitration is the most modern method to settle talaq disputes and proposed that a marriage council headed by a chief qazi be constituted to deal with such cases. He said many times the woman is blamed for being unable to bear a child when it is the man's specific medical condition that is responsible for childlessness.\"A medical test must be done to determine why a child cannot be conceived after which the arbitration council must give its decision whether talaq should be given or not. Only then the man should be allowed to marry again,\" he said. Engineer noted that grooms give meager amounts as mehr (bride gift or dowry) to the bride at the time of marriage and even defer payment or get it waived off.He suggested that the mehr should be decided by the wife and be given in the form of gold or silver and not cash. \"The value of currency decreases over a period of time. On the other hand, the value of gold or silver or property appreciates. We will have a dialogue with the Muslim Personal Law Board (MPLB). We are open to suggestions as we don't want these suggestions to be unreasonable.\" Engineer observed that polygamy was neither a right nor a privilege and has been allowed only in exceptional circumstances. He said that the Quran almost bans it if its conditions are not fulfilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633494", "title": "Chennai corporation plans to privatize anti-malaria ops", "text": "CHENNAI: Facing criticism for its alleged failure to tackle the mosquito menace, the Corporation of Chennai is now mulling the privatization of anti-mosquito operations. The lack of manpower and machines had forced them to think of such a strategy, officials said.Sources in the corporation said representatives of eight companies had met the mayor on Wednesday and explained the various methods to tackle the problem. A senior official said, \"The mayor is keen on privatization because of the increasing number of complaints.\"The civic body's fogging operations have been hit by a severe shortage of workers, particularly after the expansion of the corporation limits.Residents say there has been an increase in the mosquito population , but the civic body denies this and claims the density has decreased. Staff of private laboratories say they are seeing several patients with symptoms of malaria and dengue.The corporation's vector control department for prevention of malaria, dengue, chikungunya , Japanese encephalitis and filariasis is in charge of implementing mosquito-control measures. There are 1,200 antimalaria workers in the old limits and around 800 in the expanded areas. Sources say there is a shortfall of at least 50 workers in each ward. Many workers said they couldn't cover all streets.An official said, \"There is a huge demand for fogging, spraying and other anti-larval operations , but staff shortage and absence of sufficient funds are hampering it.\" Many residents complain that workers are not regular. \"I have not seen any workers involved in anti-malaria operations in my area. I have to call the civic officials more than ten times for this,\" said a resident of Perambur.Others welcomed the plan to privatize anti-malaria operations but said the civic body should monitor the agencies. \"We have had only bitter experiences with regard to private agencies selected for garbageclearance operations. This should not be repeated in this case,\" said Arul Dev of Teynampet . As per the rules, fogging or spraying should be conducted in every street every week. This is followed only in VIP areas, many residents said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17635713", "title": "National Book Trust, Ambedkar University to offer courses in book publishing", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Book Trust (NBT), India, an apex body of the Government of India, Ministry of Human Resource Development and Ambedkar University, Delhi (AUD) has entered into an agreement to design and conduct courses in book publishing.NBT and AUD signed an memorandum of understanding (MoU) on December 14, 2012, whereby if was agreed that AUD will offer courses in book publishing at certificate, degree and post graduate level in collaboration with NBT. The MoU was signed by Sumati Kumar, registrar, AUD and M A Sikandar, director, NBT on behalf of their respective organisations. Also present on the occasion were professor Shyam B Menon, vice chancellor, AUD and A Sethomadhavan, chairman, NBT at AUD Kashmere Gate Campus, New Delhi.The training course will cover various aspects of book publishing like editing, copyright export of books, techniques of translation and production, among others. The course is expected to be started from next academic year of 2013-14.Sethumadhavan said that the courses would meet the growing demand for professional manpower of publishing industry. It will also benefit students to pursue career in publishing. Sent from BlackBerry\u00c2\u00ae on Airtel", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631122", "title": "4th Test: India rediscover the steel in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The challenge couldn't have been more daunting. The response couldn't have been more resolute. Under immense pressure to deliver following poor returns with the bat in this series \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and with India staring at another embarrassment in the fourth Test \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni dug deep to produce out-of-character marathon innings on Day 3.Scorecard | Match in PicsHaving batted the longest they ever have in Tests, Kohli (103; 11x4, 295 balls) managed to get to three figures while a brain freeze resulted in Dhoni being run out on 99 in an absorbing, occasionally dramatic day's play.That run-out tilted the scales a bit back in favour of England, since Saturday's script could have been a perfect one for the hosts but the loss of four wickets before the close.What Kohli and Dhoni did with their steadfast approach was serve a reminder that Team India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d down and out in recent times \u00e2\u20ac\u201d could still engineer a patient fightback and show some spine.The day began with India fighting to avoid defeat and finished with them at 297/8, trailing England by just 33 runs to set the Test up nicely. With England already leading in the series, all the pressure is on India to somehow manufacture a result in their favour.With his captaincy under the scanner and his batting ability in Tests at the point of being ridiculed, Dhoni displayed supreme patience \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an aspect not considered his strongest suit \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on the low and slow Jamtha wicket to play out 246 balls, the most he has ever faced in a Test innings.Kohli's 295-ball stay was his longest in Tests too. Together they added 198 runs and opened up a possibility, however slim, of India levelling the series.Dour defence and hard graft was the need of the hour when India resumed at 87/4 in the morning, and the two unlikely candidates, both known for their flamboyant strokeplay, proved they could curb their natural exuberance and grind it out.Dhoni's half-century came off 137 balls, his slowest Test fifty in 72 matches. Past fifty, and with the onus on India to make things happen, the urge for flashy runs reappeared.Dhoni hit a six over mid-on off Greame Swann and survived a heart-in-the-mouth moment off Tim Bresnan a few overs later. But he didn't let impatience get the better of him till the ill-judged single on 99 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d after being stuck in the 90s for more than an hour \u00e2\u20ac\u201d brought about his downfall.At the other end, Kohli was a picture of calm, barring a solitary false shot post his fifty. There was no exhibition of his natural flair as he admirably embraced the waiting game, save for occasional glimpses of his gorgeous cover drive and some square cuts and wristy clips. Each of Kohli's boundaries had class written over it.The tide turned when Kohli, just after his century, fell to Swann. Ravindra Jadeja was a disappointment, and with Piyush Chawla gone too, the onus is on Ashwin to come good with the bat again.Club 99: Captains who came up a run short of a century      Captain  How out  For  Opp  Venue  Series   Norman Yardley  Ct.  Eng  SA  Nottingham  1947  Ted Dexter  Bowled  Eng  Aus  Brisbane  1962-63  Majid Khan  Ct.  Pak  Eng  Karachi  1972-73  Mike Atherton  Ct.&amp; B  Eng  SA  Leeds  1994  Salim Malik  Ct.  Pak  SA  Johannesburg  1994-95  Stephen Fleming  Ct.  NZ  SA  Bloemfontein  2000-01  Sourav Ganguly  Bowled  Ind  Eng  Nottingham  2002  Shaun Pollock  Not Out  SA  SL  Centurion  2002-03  Ricky Ponting  Ct.  Aus  SA  Melbourne  2008-09  Daniel Vettori  Ct.  NZ  Pak  Dunedin  2009-10  Misbah-ul-Haq  LBW  Pak  NZ  Wellington  2010-11   MS Dhoni  Run Out  Ind  Eng  Nagpur  2012-13", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17631596", "title": "Students to be free from studies for Lusofonia Games", "text": "PANAJI: Students will be able to sample the thrill and excitement that the Lusofonia Games has to offer when the state hosts the 3rd edition of the Games for all Portuguese speaking nations in November next year.The state education department has instructed all educational institutions in the state not to hold any classes during the nine days of the Lusofonia Games between November 2 and November 10 so that these students can enjoy the Games.\"A meeting has been convened to structure the mid-term vacation to students from the school level to the University level by the Sports Authority of Goa for holding the 3rd Lusofonia Games 2013 in Goa with effect from November 2 to November 10, 2013. And it has been decided to keep the students free during the above period so that they can enjoy the Games that will be held in the State,\" states a circular issued by additional director of education, Anil Powar.\"All heads of the institutions are hereby directed not to keep any programmes for the students during the Lusofonia Games so as to keep the student community free during the period of the Games,\" adds the circular.The Diwali vacations for the next academic year, incidentally, is scheduled from October 28 to November 16 but according to sources within the education department, the circular would mean that none of the institutions can hold any 'extra' classes during the Games period.\"During Diwali vacations, schools tend to conduct study tours, remedial teaching and practices for annual gatherings. This will not be permitted. The students will be left free to watch the Games,\" said the official.The Sports Authority of Goa (SAG) would need volunteers in plenty for the conduct of the Games and the availability of these students has come as a blessing in disguise.\"Volunteers are the driving force behind the success of any major sporting event. The students can give the organization a helping hand and play an influential role in the success of the Games,\" said a senior SAG official.The Lusofonia Games will see participation from 12 countries, including powerhouses Brazil, Portugal and Angola. The Games will consist of disciplines like athletics, football, volleyball, beach volleyball, basketball, taekwondo, judo and futsal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17630813", "title": "Inclusivity crucial in education: Shibulal", "text": "BANGALORE: A day-long conference at the Indian Institute of Management on Saturday saw participants debate the school ecosystem, parents' involvement in school and government policies.Infosys CEO S Shibulal outlined the role of industry in developing education. \"Once a student is out of campus, he/she should be ready to start work in the corporate sector. Inclusivity should be a critical component of our education system.''The first session saw school heads talk about the problems the education system faces. The session focused on peer-to-peer relationships in schools, the identity crisis among teachers, the needs of children who like to question, and inclusivity.\"A nation is as good as its citizens. Just as a company is as good as the net contribution per employee, a nation is as good as per capita GDP. For us to increase GDP , we need good quality citizens. Enhancing the quality of a citizen is a long journey that starts with primary school. I cannot think of a single leader who's not been influenced by his or her teacher, particularly in primary and secondary school,\" Infosys chairman emeritus N R Narayana Murthy said.\"Most of whatever little I've achieved and my values came from my primary and secondary school teachers. It was from one of my teachers that I learnt how to treat community property with caution. This lesson should be practised by all if we have to bring down corruption. It was from another teacher that I learnt how to communicate effectively - to speak slow and loud, use simple words and sentences. Teachers have the extraordinary capability to influence children in a positive way,\" Murthy said.CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi said the government is working on integrating skills with regular academics. \"Ten years from now, India is going to be the youngest nation. But a majority of students passing out don't have the skills. The government is working on that line.\"KP Gopalakrishna, chairman, National Public Schools, said during the panel discussion: \"There is too much paper work involved. It should be left to the school management.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17632531", "title": "'Silent lady' of milk revolution dead", "text": "VADODARA: Molly Kurien, wife of late Dr Verghese Kurien, passed away at Friday midnight in Mumbai.Hailed as 'silent lady' behind the White Revolution ushered by India's milkman Dr Kurien, she was admitted at Breach Candy Hospital since Wednesday. Family's close friends and relatives were shocked by the sudden loss which came just three months after the demise of Father of India's White Revolution Dr Kurien.Her body was cremated at Chandanwadi, the electric crematorium at Marine Lines, on Saturday evening.Before her cremation, her body was kept at Cuffe Parade Road residence of her nephew Suresh Philip at Colaba for people to pay their last respects where the entire top brass of Gujarat's dairy sector had converged.According to close associates, Molly (81) had developed complications due to side effects of antibiotic medicine. She is survived by daughter Nirmala and grandson Siddharth.Dr Kurien had created country's strongest dairy brand Amul as founder chairman of the Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) and had served as founder chairman of National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) and the Institute of Rural Management Anand (NDDB). He had passed away at the age of 90 on September 9 this year.\"She (Molly) was keeping well before taking the antibiotic medicine. After she complained of rashes on her body on December 9, we had taken her to Nadiad hospital for tests. She had started suffering from blood induced jaundice. On Wednesday, she was admitted at Breach Candy Hospital, where she later suffered a cardiac arrest. Doctors even tried to revive her using pacemaker, but her health only deteriorated,\" Dr Kurien's former executive assistant and close confidant P A Joseph told TOI.Dr Kurien married Molly on June 15, 1953. After their marriage, Maniben Patel, daughter of India's Iron Man Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, had played role of her foster mother in Anand.The couple together hosted some of India's prime ministers, presidents at their modest residence in Anand, once the dusty town of Gujarat, which today serves as headquarters of both GCMMF and NDDB.Like her husband, Molly was not buried. She was cremated.\"The decision to cremate her was taken by her daughter Nirmala in absence of any last wish expressed by her mother and in line with what was done to her father,\" Joseph said.\"Her entire life was devoted to Dr Kurien,\" GCMMF's managing director R S Sodhi told TOI from Mumbai.Sources said Nirmala will come to Anand in couple of days to perform 'asthi visarjan'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "sulthan bathery", "code": "17630941", "title": "Formidable pair on and off court", "text": "SULTHAN BATHERY: Tom Joseph and Kishore Kumar , international players in the Ernakulam squad, first met during a summer coaching camp in 1995 at Indoor Stadium, Kozhikode. Ever since their bond has only got stronger and has seen them rise to play for India.They have been pillars of Ernakulam's strong performances in the state championship since 2002. Surprisingly, they couldn't hit the stride in Ernakulam's opening match against Kannur in the current edition of the state championship. And Ernakulam paid the price as they lost to Kannur.But it hasn't taken them long to find their touch again. The quarterfinal match against Kozhikode late on Friday night was an apt example. The two produced a brilliant performance to silence their critics as Ernakulam steamrolled Kozhikode 25-19, 25-19, 25-17.\"I was a local star and Tom was very shy and a new player when we first met in 95. His transition has been amazing. We both have gone on to represent the country and remain the best of buddies,\" said Kishore about their friendship.Tom feels the loss against Kannur was an early wake-up call. \"We discussed our faults after the loss and were determined to make a comeback. As two veteran players in our side, it was our duty to lead from the front. We just did that against Kozhikode in the quarters,\" said the former Indian captain.Kishore who joined BPCL , Kochi (then Cochin Refineries Limited) in 2002 had to go through a tough phase when he missed two years due to a back-injury in 2004.\"That was a painful period and many people predicted that I would not be able to play again but I proved them wrong,\" said Kishore, who represented India in the Rashid International Volleyball tournament held in Dubai in 2000.Tom and Kishore are two best role models for young players in the state, says Ernakulam coach Bijoy Babu. \"They motivate youngsters always and let their performance do the talking. The moment Tom and Kishore start to click in a match, I can relax and watch the duo take us to victory,\" said Bijoy who even played against Tom as a Services player in the National Championship held at Chinsurah, West Bengal in 1998.Playing with these two senior players is a wonderful experience that he never likes to give a miss, says Ernakulam libero and international Kiran Philip. \"They are two brilliant men on and off the court. It's great to see them recover from a slump in form. Our aim to complete a hat-trick of titles depends a lot on them,\" said Kiran.And going by the form they displayed against Kozhikode on Friday night, it wouldn't be easy for their opponents to stop the two from leading Ernakulam to their third successive state title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "raipur ", "code": "17633599", "title": "Chhattisgarh gets lowest unemployment rate award", "text": "RAIPUR : Chhattisgarh has received the \"state with lowest unemployment rate \" award for providing better employment opportunities to the people after the state has been adjudged the best state by the premier body of entrepreneurs and industrialists on the basis of Labour Bureau report on employment and unemployment for the year 2011-12.Chief Minister Raman Singh received the award from President Pranab Mukherjee at a chief minister's conclave in New Delhi. The Award was instituted by PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry.The unemployement rate of Chhattisgarh stands at 1.2% for persons of age 15 years and above according to usual principal status approach during 2011-12, the report says. This means that out of every 1000 youth just 12 youths are unemployed in Chhattisgarh.In a survey of families, conducted by the Bureau, it was found that only 1.1% male and 6% female were unemployed in rural areas of the state while in urban areas only 2.7% male and 5.9% female are jobless, the report says.Various activities of youths in each district, employment based on per day/per week basis and self-employment in various sectors were parameters for conducting the survey. Samples for survey included current weekly status approach and current daily status approach sample for the state.Praising Chhattisgarh for its all-round development, the President said, \"Chhattisgarh has attained fast growth rate in the short span. Other states should also emulate the state's example,\" he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17632069", "title": "Church choir team to have people from all faiths", "text": "GUWAHATI: In what could be termed as a unique effort in infusing and fostering a spirit of harmony and integrity among people, choir members of the century-old Christ Church will include people from different faiths.The inclusive choir will comprise 30 members for its Festival of Nine Lessons and Carols. The unique choir will sing some specially arranged carols and some all time popular Christmas numbers along with the congregation in Assamese, Boro, Garo and Sadri carols.\"The Festival of Nine Lessons and Carols is being presented as the high point of the celebrations. After every reading, there will be a follow up of carols. The choir will be inclusive as it will comprise people from different faiths. This will be a worship service with a difference as it will mainly comprise of reading from the Bible , singing of Christmas carols and praying for peace and justice,\" said Pinvell Basumatary, a member of the church and executive director of Food Corporation of India for the north east.Christmastide, the month-long celebrations by Christ Church, began with the first Advent Sunday on December 2 and is set to continue till January 6 with the feast of Epiphany falling on that day. Besides, the church will work towards bringing cheer to less-privileged people in society. For the last couple of years, members of the church had been spending one day with less privileged children by inviting them to the church.The members of the church will also celebrate Love Feast on Boxing Day. The feast will be shared to symbolize the love for God and of one's neighbours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635438", "title": "Rishika lost 13 kilos before getting into small screen", "text": "Actress Rishika Mihani who is the real sister of actress Muskaan Mihani lost 13 kilos before getting into television. Now she maintains her weight by running on treadmill and keeping a tab on what she eats six days a week. Her diet always consists of home cooked food but one day she treats herself to desserts and yummy food as well.She feels one day one must let go as far as food is concerned. She says, \"One fine day I just decided I have to lose weight and I slogged for it. I lost 13 kilos and now I maintain it by runnning on the treadmill regularly and balancing it with diet. I eat well but I eat carefully. I know what you eat is important and what is eating you is equally important. I maintain a positive mental attitude and take care of myself and it works best for me. Self love is equally important for health. I live life one day at a time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17632651", "title": "Bid to poach tigress, cubs foiled", "text": "BHOPAL: A timely act by the Bandhabgarh National Park officers saved a tigress and its two cubs from felling into an electric trap laid by the poachers in Umaria district. GI-wire hooked up from the 11,000 Volt high-tension electric lines and pegged up on wooden poles to about 1 km was found in an area (revenue land) where movement of the tigress and her cubs was being reported for the last one week, said sources.The electric trap was detected in Chadia range of Umaria that is close to the three villages - Achla, Talli and Dhorkho. Though the seizure was made by the park officer's, further investigation into the case was handed over to the territorial area, said sources.\"The wire was found during patrolling on the intervening night of December 11 and 12,\"said a forest officer wishing anonymity. The Umaria Divisional Forest Officer (DFO) RPS Baghel, however pleaded ignorance about the seizure.Recently in yet another shocker for the Madhya Pradesh government, a tiger was killed using an electric trap and skinned by poachers at a territorial forest area in Umaria district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17636600", "title": "Isro to visit Leh to examine mysterious luminous objects", "text": "NEW DELHI: A team of scientists from Indian space research organisation will soon arrive in Leh to further corroborate that the mysterious luminous objects seen on the horizon over a lake in Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir are actually \"Chinese lanterns\".Official sources said today that after getting the preliminary report that the luminous objects flying over the horizon of Pangong lake, located 160km from Leh township, could be Chinese lanterns, the security agencies wanted an assessment of experts from another organisation for confirmation.Therefore, it was decided to request Isro to send a team of scientists to examine the flying objects and give its report, the sources said.Indo-Tibetan Border Police(ITBP) had written to the government in October this year about sighting of some orange-yellow luminous flying objects on the horizon over the Pangong Lake. Besides, Leh-based 14-Corps was also alerted by the ITBP which reported to its Udhampur-based Northern Command.After the incident, scientists from various organisations in consultation with experts of the IAF, whose radars were also unable to pick up any signal due to the flying of the unidentified objects on the horizon of the lake, came to a conclusion that it was Chinese lanterns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17632463", "title": "MV Nautica calls on New Mangalore Port", "text": "MANGALORE: Cruise vessel MV Nautica with complement of 630 cruise passengers and 398 crew called on New Mangalore Port on Saturday.The vessel was on its way to Kochi from Goa with a day-long stopover in this port city. Majority of the passengers were from the United States of America and of these, 510 passengers and 200 crew members opted for the ground tour.MV Nautica is the eighth cruise vessel of the current cruise season that got underway in November to call on the port and the 11th cruise vessel for the current financial year. The port received the first cruise vessel for this cruise season on November 24 and has received six more vessels since then. The remaining three cruise vessels for the cruise season are expected to call on the port in February and March next year. The passengers and crew who opted for ground tour enjoyed the scenic beauty and cultural heritage of Dakshina Kannada district including the 1,000 Pillar Jain temple, monolithic statue of Gomateshwara, Soans Farm, St Aloysius Chapel, Kadri Temple, Gokarnanatha temple, cashew factory, city shopping etc.The vessel sailed out to Kochi later in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17631867", "title": "3-member panel formed to review babus' suspensions", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Saturday constituted a three-member committee to review the cases of suspension of all India service officers working in the state. Chief secretary Minnie Mathew is the chairperson of the committee and special chief secretary Prabhakar D Thomas and principal secretary Ajay Mishra are members. The committee is to submit its report within one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17632501", "title": "D V Sadananda Gowda takes Challa Pilli role in his strid", "text": "MANGALORE: Challa Pilli, the title of Shine City Production's new film aptly reflects the status of the BJP state unit that he once headed.Yet, former chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda was more than happy to play a cameo as himself in the film which is under production when the clap boards were sounded at the City Centre Mall here on Monday.Donning make up for reel, which he does not do so in real life, Gowda essayed his role to perfection in a single take.Inaugurating a children's toy store in the brief scene, the former CM invites a child to do the honours, reasoning that it is best that a child does the honour for something that they hold dear in life. This scene in a way also defines the climax of the film, reveals Sukesh and Sudesh Bhandary, producers of the movie without going in to the details and one which they intend to keep for the actual release of the film. Sadananda Gowda told STOI that it was indeed a pleasant experience going under the spotlights in a different role altogether.\"It is the single minded perseverance of local BJP media coordinator Rajagopal Rai that I agreed to play this mini role in a film that has good message for the Generation Next. The feedback that I got from the producer and the director was that it was an excellent shot done at one go,\" he said.In a lighter vein, Gowda said the title of the film reflects the present status of the saffron unit in Karnataka.\"The producers had requested me to essay this role some time ago and I could oblige them now,\" he said.\"Featuring actor Vijaya Raghavendra in the lead role, the shooting schedule provided me with some moments of comic relief from all the real life turmoil that the state and the party state unit are undergoing,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "sundarbans", "code": "17635077", "title": "Electric grid will accelerate climate change in Sundarbans: Experts", "text": "SUNDARBANS: (West Bengal): The ongoing extension of the electric grid to the remote islands of Sundarbans will not only adversely affect the viability of existing renewable energy projects, but will also accelerate the process of climate change, experts say.\"In view of the growing threat of climate change and contribution of the electricity sector to the overall green house gas emission, there is need for adopting appropriate strategies to rationalise use of coal and fossil fuel in the electricity sector,\" according to a latest report by research body CUTS International.India's fossil fuel-driven energy sector is one of the biggest contributors (more than 50%) to carbon emission, widely considered to be chiefly responsible for climate change worldwide.In West Bengal, 96% of electricity is generated through use of coal, officials say.Under the Remote Village Electrification scheme by the Union ministry of new and renewable energy, it is mandated to develop off-grid projects using renewable energy sources for remote villages in India.However, with the demand for electricity expected to grow 10 to 20 fold between 2010 and 2020, the West Bengal government is extending grid-based electricity to about 1,076 villages in the Sundarbans.Environmentalists warn that the soil in the wetlands of Sundarbans is soft and setting up of large and heavy transmission poles may increase erosion and even change the tidal patterns when installed in rivers and creeks, surrounding the fragile islands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17632530", "title": "Archbishop Ambrose Madtha laid to rest", "text": "MANGALORE: Archbishop Ambrose Madtha, the Papal Nuncio to Ivory Coast, was laid to rest at the Holy Redeemer Church, Belthangady, about 70 km from Mangalore, on Saturday.Archbishop Madtha died in a road accident in Ivory Coast on December 8 while travelling from d'Odienne Diocese after a priestly ordination.Nuncio of India Most Rev Archbishop Salvatore Pennacchio was the male celebrant at the funeral while Bishop of Mangalore Diocese Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza offered tributes to the departed soul.Charles Koffi Diby, the minister of foreign affairs of Ivory Coast, Archbishop Most Rev Bernard Moras of Bangalore, Most Rev Oswald Lewis the Bishop of Jaipur, Most Rev Gerald Lobo, Bishop of Udupi, Monsignor Denis Moras Prabhu, Vicar General of the Diocese of Mangalore and 11 delegates from Ivory Coast attended the funeral.The mortal remains of Madtha arrived in a special flight at the Mangalore International Airport and were later taken to Belthangady. The flight was delayed for nearly 24 hours due to technical snag. The Pope and the secretary of state of Vatican Cardinal Tarcisio Bartone had sent condolence messages to the family members of Madtha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "17631880", "title": "Soon, you can make offerings to Lord by phone", "text": "TIRUMALA: The Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) board meeting held at Annamaiah Bhavan here on Saturday under the chairmanship of K Bapiraju passed many resolutions.The board resolved to annually contribute Rs 15 crore towards common good fund and Rs 10 crore towards endowments administration fund as per the Endowments Act. An amount of Rs 37.82 lakh was granted for restoring the Swarna Ratham. A decision was taken to construct 151 houses at a cost of Rs 5.31 crore near Mangalam for those who have been displaced at Tirumala.In another significant decision, the Devasthanams decided to introduce mobile phone hundi (by which offering can be made through mobile phone) on the lines of the facility that exists in the Siddhi Vinayaka temple in Mumbai. The methods of the proposal will be soon worked out, the TTB board said.The board gave green signal to purchase 242 'melchat vastrams', each costing around Rs 43,983. The board also decided to purchase 3.6 lakh kilos of jaggery at a cost of Rs 1.22 crore, 7.3 lakh kg of cashew nuts at Rs 29.70 crore and 5.5 lakh kg of toor dal at a cost of Rs 3.66 crore. These are main ingredients of 'prasadam'.The board also resolved to set up new e-Darshan counters at Kanchi, Mysore, Guruvayur, Cochin, Nanded, Jaggannapeta, Janagam, Nagari, Piler and Goa and to complete the Lord Balaji temple in Kurukshetra within one year.The TTD will sign an MoU with the National Institute of Designs, Ahmedabad, for the development of SV Museum and constituted a committee with Tirumala JEO as the chairman in this regard.TTD is also contemplating introducing mobile phone hundi (offerings can be made through mobile phone) on the lines of Siddhi Vinayaka Temple in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17631115", "title": "ED arrests City Limouzines chief for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcfraud\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: The enforcement directorate (ED) on Friday arrested Sayed Mohammed Masood, chairman of tainted investment company City Group , which duped thousands of investors across the country by promising 48% returns on their investments.Masood was arrested in Delhi. On Saturday, he was produced before special judge Swapna Joshi in Mumbai and remanded in ED custody till December 21.Masood's companies City Limouzines and City Realcom had floated various schemes. After collecting around Rs 1,000 crore from investors by promising them unrealistic returns, the companies shut operations. In 2009, more than 42,000 cheques issued by the above companies to the investors were dishonoured. More than 20 FIRs have been registered against the companies in Mumbai, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh and Delhi for criminal conspiracy, breach of trust and cheating.The ED had initiated investigations under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act as Masood was found to have invested the proceeds of the crime abroad and in India. The PMLA allows the agency to seize properties purchased using tainted money. \"The government takes over the properties and then it is for the courts to decide whether the properties should go to the government or be auctioned and the money distributed to investors,\" an ED official said.ED officials said the PMLA will act as an effective deterrent against such fly-by-night companies.The ED had conducted extensive investigations and found that Masood maintained bank accounts in Switzerland in his name and in the name of his companies. In October, the ED attached the Swiss bank accounts of Masood and other group companies. This is the first such move under the PMLA.The ED has so far issued 14 orders attaching movable and immovable properties in India with a market value of over Rs 130 crore in the names of City Group, Masood, wife Chand Masood Sayed, daughter Jabeen Masood Sayed, minor son Jibran Masood Sayed and other directors. The PMLA adjudicating authority has confirmed all the attachment orders and the ED is in the process of taking over these properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17632107", "title": "Tiger cubs rescued in Arunachal", "text": "GUWAHATI: Two orphaned tiger cubs were rescued by members of the International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW) - Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) and Arunachal Pradesh forest department on Thursday from a dry water tank at Angrim in Dibang Valley district of Arunachal Pradesh.The cubs were wandering in the area without their mother for over a month, occasionally lifting poultry from local households for survival.An IFAW-WTI team led by Arunachal Pradesh State Wildlife Advisory member Ipra Mekola reached the site on December 6 to assist the forest department in tracking the cubs.The team on December 11 found the three cubs trapped in a dry water tank. The villagers had the tank covered with wooden planks and branches to prevent the cubs from escaping till the rescue team arrived.Two of the cubs were healthy and were successfully sedated and removed from the tank by WTI veterinarians, while the third was severely ill and succumbed later. Post-mortem revealed pneumonia, starvation and hypoglycaemic shock as the cause of death. The cubs are about one year old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17631801", "title": "Distressed over measles scabs, girl commits suicide", "text": "NASHIK: A 13-year-old girl from Govardhan village committed suicide on Friday as she was reportedly distressed over the unsightly scabs left by measles on her face.Archana Jorvekar was found hanging from an iron rod on the roof of her house at Shinde Mala in Govardhan village, near Gangapur around 1.30 pm.Her father Dinkar, who works at a brick kiln near the house, had come home for a drink of water when he found his daughter's body.Archana was rushed to a clinic in Saptur from where she was shifted to the Civil Hospital. However, doctors declared her dead on arrival.According to the police, the girl had been suffering from measles for the past week and the infection had left her face and body filled with scabs. The neighbours told the police that Archana, a std VII student, had been very distraught over this.On Friday, when her parents and two older siblings left the house for the brick kiln, the girl hanged herself.Archana's parents took her body to their native village, Jorve, about 75 km from Nashik for the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17633143", "title": "Grief and anger in gun-swamped America: The fight to bury arms", "text": "WASHINGTON: Activists and demonstrators began gathering in front of the White House Friday evening even before the little children slaughtered in the Connecticut school shooting had been identified. Holding up lit candles, they angrily chanted 'Today is the Day' as they sought stricter gun control laws after yet another senseless school massacre in a country awash with gun violence.The chant was an angry rebuff to a misplaced \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and perhaps misconstrued \u00e2\u20ac\u201d remark just hours earlier by White House press secretary Jay Carney, who, when asked about Obama's campaign promise to renew the ban on assault weapons, said ''today is not the day to engage in the usual Washington policy debates...that day will come.'' But as pain and anger coursed through America in the hours after the horrific carnage, attention turned towards the liberal President, who critics say has not displayed any sense of urgency or passion on gun control issues, notwithstanding his emotional reaction to the carnage.The bodies of the slaughtered children were still being retrieved when the visibly distraught President appeared on television to issue a statement on the heart-wrenching bloodbath. \"The majority of those who died today were children \u00e2\u20ac\u201d beautiful, little kids between the ages of 5 and 10 years old. They had their entire lives ahead of them \u00e2\u20ac\u201d birthdays, graduations, weddings, kids of their own. Among the fallen were also teachers, men and women who devoted their lives to helping our children fulfill their dreams,'' the father of two young daughters said, voice choked with grief.\"So our hearts are broken today for the parents and grandparents, sisters and brothers of these little children, and for the families of the adults who were lost,'' he continued, pausing to regain composure and seemingly wiping a tear from the corner of his eye. \"Our hearts are broken for the parents of the survivors , as well, for as blessed as they are to have their children home tonight, they know that their children's innocence has been torn away from them too early and there are no words that will ease their pain.\"Across the country, such grief and anguish preceded anger. A family friend of this correspondent, who lives less than ten miles from the site of the tragedy in Connecticut, was driving down to Washington DC when she began listening heartbreaking radio broadcasts on the carnage. Eventually, she pulled over to a rest stop and wept her heart out.Indeed, all of America cried in a way it hadn't since 9/11 or the Challenger disaster, although there have been massacres since. None involved children \u00e2\u20ac\u201d of such tender age and innocence \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on this scale.But there were no immediate answers to why Washington had not enacted severe gun control laws despite multiple massacres. Instead, there was the usual hedging. \"As a country, we have been through this too many times. Whether it is an elementary school in Newtown, or a shopping mall in Oregon , or a (Sikh) temple in Wisconsin, or a movie theater in Aurora, or a street corner in Chicago , these neighborhoods are our neighborhoods and these children are our children,'' Obama said, vaguely adding, ''We're going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this, regardless of the politics.\"At the heart of the debate is the country's Second Amendment \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the right to bear arms \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which is the cornerstone of the conservative principle of individual liberty, based on the long tradition of hunting and self-defense. So ingrained is the principle in the nation's psyche, particularly in Middle America, that even Obama swears by it.But the flipside of the runaway interpretation of the Second Amendment by the conservative movement is that it has put more and more sophisticated weapons on the streets, arms that were never really meant for the woods. Efforts to outlaw these weapons have been spotty because even Democratic lawmakers in heartland America believe they will lose votes if they push too hard on the subject since conservatives believe it will be the first step to ban all guns.Friday's massacre of children at the Connecticut elementary school may have killed that fear. There is growing acknowledgement that American Talibanists have pushed the defense of a right, which was enacted in 1791, a bit too far in the 21st century.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17632979", "title": "Remove anomalies by March 31: Lucknow University to colleges", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow University has decided to issue notices to all affiliated colleges warning them to remove anomalies, if any, latest by March 31. University officials said that the students, throughout the year, lodge some or the other kind of complaint against many affiliated colleges and so they have decided to issue notices to all colleges. Confirming the move, university registrar JB Singh said, \"There are a number of complaints of some or the other kind against the colleges. We are turning the pages of each college and very soon, we will issue notices to them asking them to remove all the anomalies.\"The exercise has been undertaken to ensure that by the beginning of the next academic session, no colleges are found to be flouting the norms laid down by university and University Grants Commission.Officials believe that this will also help them in streamlining the chaotic affiliation process. In the course of action, university will also conduct surprise inspections in colleges, which have been in news for violating the rules.According to university officials, if the colleges do not comply with the order, they will begin the de-affiliation process.Only recently, the university has served notices to 68 colleges including eight law colleges, which have been imparting sub-standard education by not adhering to the norms laid down by Bar Council of India for running an educational institution. The university is first eyeing on colleges that hold temporary affiliation, either for a course or the institution itself.These colleges are accused of not meeting the basic requirements in terms of infrastructure and human resources. These 68 colleges were given temporary affiliation three years ago. University's executive council gave recognition to such colleges with a condition that they should remove the anomalies within the time fixed by the university or before the admission process begins. However, neither did the colleges make an effort to overcome the irregularities nor did the university take any action.LU officials have been more cautious after the fraudulent activities of two of its affiliated colleges - Swantantra Girls Degree College and SG Degree College - where the former existed only on papers. However, teachers said that there are many prominent colleges in the city that have been flouting norms since the time they were granted affiliation. Lax attitude of the university administration and lack of self-will has given strength to these colleges. \"With large number of colleges affiliated to LU, it's beyond the university administration to ensure proper functioning of all colleges. It's nearly impossible for the university to keep track and find what's wrong in the colleges,\" said a senior professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17632613", "title": "Illiterate public representatives to be educated", "text": "JAISALMER: Come December 15 and those public representatives who had never been to any school will start learning alphabets. The Central Literacy Mission has identified 375 districts across the country where less than 50% women are literate and the mission has decided to launch a campaign in these districts. Except for Kota, the campaign will be launched in all the 32 districts of the state. Formal classes would be held at panchayat level.In Jaisalmer district alone 361 illiterate public representatives have been identified.To keep up the pace of development, it has been decided to educated the illiterate public representatives under the Sakshar Bharat Mission 2012. If this takes place as per the action plan then in this month itself, an orientation programme will be organized for the public representatives in the district . For this a list of illiterate public representatives has also been prepared.The public representatives will be admitted to literacy centres and will be taught adding, subtracting and generalknowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17632614", "title": "Design and delivery competition at Jaipuria concludes", "text": "INDORE:The annual design and delivery competition of Jaipuria Institute of Management, Indore concluded on Saturday. The event aimed to seek out innovative presenters and their presentations from all across the country. Planned as a two-stage competition -- the 'presentation design submission' and 'delivery of presentation' -- the grand finale took place on campus with much fanfare and celebration on Saturday.The event saw over 400 registrations from 160 Institutes, colleges, uiniversities, schools and corporate houses from all over the country. The event saw over 200 individuals coming to the Jaipuria, Indore campus for the grand finale. Topics selected for the competition were the return of the king, for a few dollars more, main bhi Gandhi, pulp fiction etc.Briefing on the success of the event, institute's Director Dr. JP Upadhyay said that it was good to see a lot of enthusiasm among the students and a great response for the event.\"Encore is a platform for students to take up challenges of the future. Our focus is to transform our students from what they are to where they can be, fully realizing their own potential. Our academic rigor, industry focus, and attention to innovation and creativity is to take care of every stakeholder and help them nurture their potential to the fullest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17631827", "title": "Not many takers for ID card scheme", "text": "KOZHIKODE: It seems the autorickshaw drivers in the city are not interested in regaining their lost sheen and to ensure safe journey for the passengers. Road safety committees' decision to distribute ID cards to autorickshaw drivers has not attracted many drivers in the city.Though the last date for submitting the application for ID card is December 20, only 170 out of the total 8,000 drivers in the city have approached the authorities for document verification till December 15.According to official statistics, 4,101 autorickshaws with city permit are operating services in the city. The process could be sped up only if the trade unions and drivers wake up to the occasion, said officials in charge of verification process.According to officials with the police department, they have completed the verification 150 applications forwarded to them by Akshaya, the issuing agency.The scheme is being introduced to prevent persons with criminal background from carrying out services. The scheme would also help bring down the instances of drunken driving, reluctance carry out service to certain locations in the city.Apart from ensuring safe journey to the public, the project is also aimed at identifying drivers without valid licence or badge.The demand of the trade unions that non-trade union members should not be issued ID cards also is slowing down the process.Police said road safety authority is yet to decide on the demand. Many drivers, who do not have membership in trade unions, are finding it difficult to submit application, officials added.The trade unions have also been demanding the police to approve the documents attested by the trade union leaders, instead of copies of documents attested by gazetted officers, for carrying out the verification process. However, police said they cannot agree to the demand as it is their responsibility to ensure that the driver has a valid licence and badge and is not involved in any criminal case.Meantime, the trade unions stick to their demand regarding trade union-attested documents and to issue ID cards only to those with trade union membership. \"The scheme was suggested by the trade unions and non-union members are responsible for the losing image of auto drivers in Kozhikode,\" said T K Razaq, secretary, City Autos, Motor and Engineering Workers Union ( CITU).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17632212", "title": "World-class infrastructure for Panaji soon, says CM", "text": "PANAJI: If the infrastructure in Panaji has remained stagnant, you need not worry. It's a question of time, said chief minister Manohar Parrikar , adding that Panaji will get world-class infrastructure.Speaking at a public interaction organized in Panaji, Parrikar said that the process of appointing an international architecture consulting firm is in the final stages for the \"aesthetic and structural\" planning of Panaji and Old Goa.Assuring an impetus for industrial growth, he said Goa would get an additional 250MW of power to improve the power situation. The priority, he said, will be IT, light engineering and entertainment-based industries.Regarding public transport, he said that KTC services would be improved shortly. On the poor facilities at the KTC bus terminus, as highlighted by TOI last month, Parrikar said that the government will construct an inter-state bus terminus and another one for South Goa and Ponda buses and added that the terminuses would be linked with a flyover.On reports of resentment among BJP MLAs against him, Parrikar said there is no question of instability and that all the ruling MLAs are \"reasonably satisfied\".On his failure to appoint a Lokayukta, Parrikar said the search is on but hardly anyone is willing to come to Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17631758", "title": "Kandhamal yet to zero in this winter", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Kandhamal has not felt the chill this year. The tribal-dominated district that witnesses temperature below zero every winter, has the mercury hovering between 4 and 7 degree Celsius in the last week of November and first week of the current month.There has been a sudden rise in temperature in the last 3 to 4 days. On Friday, the minimum temperature at Phulbani was 13.6 degree Celsius. Similarly, the mercury oscillated between 9 and 12 degree Celsius in Daringbadi, Raikia, Kotagarh and Baliguda. \"The winter has always been severe in Daringbadi. It was difficult to come out of our homes during the second and third week of December. This year, the weather is pleasant because of sudden rise in temperature,\" said a primary school teacher L K Swain.The rise in temperature is also true to other parts of the state, said the meteorologist in the marine science department of Berhampur University Pratap Mohanty. The minimum temperature recorded at Koraput is 11.5 degree Celsius and Gopalpur 22 degree Celsius. The maximum temperature at Phulbani 29.8 degree Celsius, Koraput 26.5 degree Celsius, Bhawanipatna 33.2 degree Celsius and Gopalpur 30.1 degree Celsius on Thursday, met sources said. A senior weather scientist said the change in climate is due to an anticyclonic system developing over the Bay of Bengal. The moisture in the air has resulted in the temperature rise.The weatherman has, however, predicted colder days ahead. Director of Regional Meteorological Centre Sarat Chandra Sahu said, \"The temperature is likely to dip in the next couple of days when the north-west way gets cleared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17637444", "title": "Industrialists, academicians to help IIT Gandhinagar strategize", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar(IITGN) will bring together some of the leading academicians and industrialists from around the world on December 17 and 18 on its campus to advise the institute on matters of leadership and academic excellence. The leaders will also help the institute develop strategies on the same.In this regard, a meeting for IITGN's second Academic Advisory Council will be held on December 17, 2012 and the third Leadership Conclave on the following day on December 18, 2012.The Academic Advisory Council will discuss various agenda items relating to academic matters including\u00e2\u20ac\u201d establishing core values and culture of the institute, ramping up research output, societal issues and research excellence, mentoring support for young faculty and diverse types of faculty and leadership personnel.On the following day, the Leadership Conclave will discuss agenda items relating to leadership and governance such as\u00e2\u20ac\u201d national leadership in the next five years in selected areas, disciplines offering great opportunities, bold initiatives using donor funds, possible trajectories for IITGN faculty members and staff development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17633533", "title": "22-year-old case closed, complainant in the dark", "text": "MUMBAI: A yoga teacher has filed a criminal writ petition before the Bombay high court, demanding action against the police for closing his 22-year-old complaint without his knowledge , allegedly after manipulating documents.The complainant, Anand Joshi alias Yogacharya Shri Anandji, who had registered a theft case over a property dispute in 1990 at Juhu police station, received a copy of the FIR only in August 2012. Police had filed an affidavit in court in 2008 stating that a court found Joshi's case was false so the accused was acquitted and the case closed. But after going through details of the FIR, which he obtained in August this year only after filing a petition under the Right To Information Act, Joshi learnt that the case actually never went to court and the assistant commissioner of police had closed it in 1990 itself without informing the court or the complainant.Joshi had filed a case under IPC sections 379(theft) and 341(wrongful restraint) over a property dispute at the Juhu police station. But Joshi alleged that every time he asked for a copy of the FIR, police denied it to him for some or the other reason , only telling him that the case was under investigation.In 2010, Joshi filed an RTI seeking details on the acquittal and details of the court proceeding . But there was no progress in the issue until 2012 when his appeal was re-heard in August. Surprisingly , police who had so far refused to provide a copy of the FIR, finally gave Joshi a copy of his FIR along with the crime register details. Joshi then learnt that the case had been closed in 1990 itself, after filing an A-summary report (true but undetected case). He also found there were many discrepancies in the details provided.In his petition to the HC, he said that the copy of the FIR provided to him mentioned that the case was registered only under section 341, but details of the crime register showed the case was filed under both sections 341 &amp; 379. Joshi also tried to trace details of the closure report but was told it was unavailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17632071", "title": "Narrow roads to cause traffic chaos on Goa side of Kiranpani-Aronda bridge", "text": "MAPUSA: Although the Kiranpani-Aronda bridge which connects Goa to Maharashtra is completed and ready for inauguration, roads on the Goa side are too narrow and will not be able to take the pressure of large number of vehicles which are expected to come from Maharashtra.Locals fear that MDR 18 road (Keri to Chopdem), which is narrow from Keri till Mandrem and is presently congested with traffic, will not be able to take the large incoming traffic from Maharashtra if the bridge is opened for vehicular traffic.The heavy traffic on the Patradevi route to Mumbai could also be diverted once the Aronda-Kiranpani bridge is commissioned. The present narrow roads in the Mandrem constituency will not be in a position to take the heavy vehicular burden.There is fear and anxiety in the minds of the people of Mandrem constituency, particularly in Palyiem village.The cost of the 300m bridge was borne entirely by the Maharashtra government. The work on the approach road in Aronda (Maharashtra) has been completed. The traffic on the coastal road of Mandrem - Arambol -and Kiranpani will increase once the bridge is opened for transport. Sources informed that the bridge is supposed to be inaugurated in this year itself.There is a government primary school near the bridge and this could endanger the lives of the children.A bypass road is needed as the existing road passes through the densely populated residential areas. Besides this, there are traffic jams at various places, including near a temple in Palyiem, at Tinto in Arambol and Madhalamaz junction at Mandrem.\"More vehicles will take this route, we are already facing jams because of the narrow road and the trucks carrying sand being increased ,\" said Hanumant Ghadi from Paliem.\"The road cannot be widen as the houses are located on both the sides. If thebridge is connected to the present road it will increase accidents, it needs to be bypassed,\" said Sadashiv Naik from Palyiem.\"The expansion of the present Chopdem to Keri road (MDR 18) in Paliem, Aramol and Mandrem junction is nearly impossible as there are densely located houses on both sides of the road,\" said Dattaram Shetgaonkar.\"I am aware of the situation if the bridge is opened for transport, there will be traffic jams for hours,\" said local MLA and health minister Laxmikant Parsekar.Parsekar informed that PWD on priority has designed the new alignment of the parallel road to the MDR bypassing the major traffic congestion points and thickly populated areas. The road has been proposed of 50m width in the open areas and 25m in the populated areas taking into consideration the future requirements.\"The alignment has been completed and I have put up the proposal for the land acquisition which I am sure that my government will sanction as it is the need of the hour,\" the Mandrem MLA said.The cost of the land acquisition will be around Rs 150 crore. \"The government will provide the market rate of Rs 400-450 per sq m to the land losers, the locals should support the project,\" Parsekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633049", "title": "Kargil martyr's father counters Malik's claim", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Kargil hero Captain Saurabh Kalia's father Dr N K Kalia on Saturday claimed that he has evidence which proves that his son and five other jawans were tortured after they were captured by the Pakistan troops, a day after Pakistan interior minister Rehman Malik suggested that Captain Kalia could have died of adverse weather.As evidence, he referred to the announcement made by Pakistan radio in May 1999 that Pakistan army had arrested one officer and five soldiers of Indian army, following which the then DG (military operations) Lt Gen N C Vij had taken up the issue with his counterpart in Pakistan.\"I am surprised why our Army is not contesting the lies of Rehman Malik, as the Army headquarters is in possession of all such records, including preliminary investigation of Saurabh's body at Kargil, full report of autopsy and video recording of his entire body,\" Dr Kalia, a retired scientist from Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, said.He added that it is high time the Army handed over all the relevant documents to the visiting minister. \"If weather was responsible for Saurabh's death, then who fired at him? How is it that the private parts and limbs of Saurabh's body were chopped off? How his eyes were gorged out and bones broken,\" asked Dr Kalia.\"I am a retired scientist and can differentiate between the cause of death due to weather and torture,\" he said, adding that he is in possession of edited report of Saurabh's autopsy provided by the Army headquarters.\"I have no remorse for losing my son in battle but it is disgusting to see the brutal treatment given by the Pakistan troops after taking him into their custody. My fight is not for my son alone but for the dignity of all the soldiers of the armed forces,\" Kalia said.The Supreme Court on Friday had said that the doors were still open for the Union government to move the International Court of Justice on gross human rights violations by Pakistani soldiers in torturing Captain Kalia before killing him and handing back his mutilated body.Meanwhile, Malik on Saturday tried to assuage outrage over his remarks on torture meted out to Kargil hero Saurabh, saying he will look into the case.Malik claimed that India has never raised the Saurabh issue with Pakistan in the last 15 years.\"If the Pakistani Army has tortured him, why would have they given his dead body. There have been many things to it. His father wants to take the matter to International Court of Justice. On Friday, during the meeting for the first time I was asked to look into the matter,\" he said.\"I promised them that please give me the detail. I will return and will look into the matter and revert with detailed information. I sympathise with his father,\" he added.The minister reiterated that he was not sure whether Kalia died of a bullet or bad weather in Kargil.\"I said that Kargil is full of snow. I said I don't know whether he died of a bullet or because of any other reason or weather. So no negativity of any kind should be brought into it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17630900", "title": "Jacintha's kids speak of 'unfillable void' in tribute", "text": "LONDON: The grieving children of the Indian-origin nurse, who was found dead following a hoax call to a London hospital treating Kate Middleton , on Saturday paid an emotional tribute to their mother, saying her death has left an \"unfillable void\" in their lives.\"We will miss your laughter and loving smile and memories we had together. The house is empty,\" said Jacintha Saldanha's daughter Lisha, 14, and son Junal, 16, in a joint tribute read out on their behalf during a mass held at Westminster Cathedral.\"We are shattered and there is an unfillable void in our lives. We love you, Mum,\" they said.Her 46-year-old husband Benedict Barboza held the hands of his children as they entered the church. Benedict, through the priest, said: \"I love you and I will miss you forever.\"Saldanha had transferred a prank call from two DJs of an Australian radio station, believing they were the Queen and Prince of Wales, to a colleague who described in detail the condition of Kate during her hospital stay for severe pregnancy sickness.Later, she was found hanging in her nurses' quarters at King Edward VII Hospital by a colleague and a security guard on December 7. Meanwhile, a private memorial service was held at the hospital where staff gathered to pay their respects to Saldanha.An inquest into her death on Friday heard that Saldanha left three suicide notes, with The Guardian reporting that one of the notes criticised staff at the hospital. Its' believed the nurse's suicide note has left her grieving family furious, with husband Barboza wanting an inquiry into the incident.Speaking to the Daily Mirror about Saldanha's suicide notes, a source close to the family said, \"One of the letters, which is the longest, deals with the hospital and is critical in its tone. Needless to say, Ben wants a full inquiry into what happened and he wants to make sure the truth comes out. Within the letter, Jacintha calls into question some of the treatment she received at the hospital.\"In another note, she describes how she struggled to come to terms with the prank call. The third and final letter is practical and deals with her funeral plans.During a five-minute hearing at Westminster Coroner's Court on Friday, it was revealed that attempts were made to revive the nurse but they were \"to no avail\".\"Jacintha Saldanha was found by a colleague and a member of security staff. Sadly she was found hanging. There were also injuries to her wrist. The London Ambulance Service was called to the scene. At this time there are no suspicious circumstances,\" Detective Chief Inspector James Harman said.Scotland Yard detectives are examining the notes, as well as interviewing Saldanha's friends , family and colleagues at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17635739", "title": "Italy respects Supreme Court: Defence minister", "text": "KOCHI: Italian defence minister Giam Paolo di Paolo on Sunday said that they respect the Supreme Court of India and hope the case involving the two Italian naval guards would be resolved soon.\"We respect and I do respect Supreme Court of India. We are confident that the case will be solved according to national laws, international justice,\" said Italian defence minister, Giampaolo Di Paolo said the minister, who was in Kochi to meet naval guards Latore Massimiliano and Salvatore Gironi.Italy had summoned the Indian ambassador in Rome a couple of days ago to insist that the apex court issue a decision soon on its two naval guards.\"I came here to meet the two Italian marines. They are in active duty. It is my responsibility to come here. They are still in a mission. They are supporting a mission,\" the defence minister said.Asked if he was confident that the marines would be able to visit Italy for Christmas, Di Paolo said, \"Nobody more than India understands the value of celebrating Christmas. For us Christmas is, the festivity. So you understand, how much we want them to go back, to be with their families and parents. I am confident that Indian people will understand,\" he said.He added that it was his responsibility to come and meet the naval guards in Kochi as they are in a mission and performing a mission. \"I have come to India from Afghanistan where I have met other Italian soldiers,\" he said.Earlier, the defence minister interacted with the naval guards who have been staying in Kochi after being released on bail for allegedly shooting down the two Indian fishermen off Kerala coast on February 15. The minister will leave for Italy in the afternoon via Dubai .The visit assumes significance in the wake of Italian government strongly expressing their resentment over the delay in delivering judgment by the Supreme Court on their plea to quash the FIR registered by the Kerala Police in the shootout case. Italy had contended that the Supreme Court had not ruled on the case three months after the hearing ended.The naval guards had also moved the Kerala HC seeking permission to go to Italy for being with their family during the Christmas celebration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17633110", "title": "Poll in mind, DMK hopes for a sunrise", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy DMK is on revival mode. Gone are the days when the party's leaders including K N Nehru were running for cover following a spate of court cases coupled with electoral defeats. The party's treasurer M K Stalin looked jubilant and launched a blistering attack from the Rock Fort city against chief minister Jayalalithaa saying, \"The day is not too far when she will have to answer for the untimely death of Veerapandi Arumugam who would have lived 20 years longer if it was not for the ruling party's vindictive stance.\"The writing on the wall was conspicuous. Stalin, now on the offensive more than ever since the party's debacle at the last assembly polls, was setting in motion his official state-wide tour of all 40 parliamentary constituencies to feel the pulse of the party cadre from Trichy soil.Nehru who had tonsured his head following his brother Ramajayam's murder, and then let his beard grow grey, is a changed man these days with hair dyed black and the strong-man's 'heroic' moustache making a comeback. Nehru's men waited on the outskirts of Trichy at Guntur and gave him a rousing reception with the beating of traditional high decibel percussion instruments. Later, Nehru's presentation of a long sword, the mainstay at DMK's conclaves, symbolized the changing but aggressive mood of the party that was ready to face the next elections. Though not officially, the party's mammoth gathering at Kajamalai once again proved it was the main opposition that the ruling party must take on.\"We have spent more than Rs 15,000 crore to generate 3,000 MW of additional power to the state, and if the projects had been pursued diligently, we would not have faced the kind of unprecedented power crisis that we do today,\" Stalin said mockingly. Taunting the ruling party's claim of \"one year achievements that would be spoken of for a 100 years\", Stalin said shunting IAS and IPS officers innumerable times was the only achievement. \"Once again we will sweep all the 40 seats in the Lok Sabha polls, thanks mainly to \"Ammaiyar's anti-people policies,\" Stalin declared to a thunderous ovation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "indore/ujjain", "code": "17633901", "title": "NIA arrests Samjhauta Exp bomb planter from Nagda", "text": "INDORE/UJJAIN: The National Investigating Agency (NIA) sleuths arrested - Dashrath Chaudhary alias Samunder Singh - an alleged key accused in the 2007 Samjhauta blast case, from Nagda in Ujjain district on Saturday.Dashrath, 32, a resident of Depalpur (near Indore), was arrested from his relative's house in Piplauda Bagda village near Nagda, by a 9-member NIA team headed by DIG Mahesh Ladda.NIA produced him before the special judge -- Vikram Singh Buley - in Nagda and took him on three-day transit remand. The agency had earlier declared a Rs 5 lakh bounty on leads about Dashrath after filing a supplementary chargesheet in the 2007 Samjhauta Express blast case in a Panchkula, Haryana, court in August this year. The chargesheet, mentions Lokesh Sharma and Dashrath Chaudhary as bomb planters along with former RSS activist Kamal Chauhan and Amit Chauhan alias Amit Totala.On February 18, 2007, a series of blasts ripped through Samjhauta Express near Panipat, Haryana, wherein 68 people, most of them Pakistani nationals, were killed and 100 others injured.NIA claims that the conspiracy for terror attack was hatched in Madhya Pradesh in 2005 and in December 2006, the accused Lokesh Sharma sent Kamal and Dashrath to Delhi to carry out a reconnaissance of possible targets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633103", "title": "Municipal corporation committees give meetings the miss", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There are 12 sub-municipal committees in the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation for developmental activities. While they are supposed to meet once a month, all committees, except three, met only twice or thrice in the year.Municipal sub-committees were constituted to pass and execute developmental activities involving finance of less than Rs 15 lakh so that big committees like the finance and contract committee and the general house meetings could handle major issues.The sub committees include road committee, water supply and sewerage disposal committee, sanitation committee, environment and city beautification committee, electricity committee, fire and emergency services committee, women empowerment committee, apni mandi and day market committee, enforcement committee, slum colonies and village development committee, arts, culture and sports committee and house tax committee.MC records suggest only three committees, water supply and sewerage disposal committee, road committee and sanitation committee conducted regular meetings. The water supply and sewerage disposal committee conducted more than 10 meetings, including special meetings. The road and sanitation committee held eight to 10 meetings in the calendar year. The constitution of some committees was delayed in the face of the lackadaisical attitude of both the MC and UT and the political tug of war between the Congress and BJP.Two members of the enforcement committee, Davesh Moudgil and Major (retd) D S Sandhu recently resigned saying officers don't conduct meetings despite repeated requests.As per records, the fire and emergency committee held one meeting, while enforcement and environment and city beautification committees held two meetings the whole year. The electricity and Apni Mandi committees conducted only three meetings. The house tax committee met four times. All these committees are directly related to the development work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17631447", "title": "Bus terminus in Salt Lake to get a facelift", "text": "KOLKATA: While the bus terminus in Howrah lies in under utter neglect, the state urban development department has planned to renovate the bus terminus in Salt Lake's Karunamoyee that has been lying a dilapidated condition for years.\"State urban development minister Firhad Hakim has directed that Karunamoyee bus terminus in Salt Lake be repaired and renovated. Work is expected to start from this fiscal year itself,\" said state urban development secretary Debashis Sen.The authorities have come up with a technical plan and the estimated cost stands at Rs 2 crore. The project is awaiting financial sanction and budgetary allocations following which tenders will be floated to invite construction firms for it.The terminus is the most important in the township, with buses for Dhaka also leaving from here. But it has been lying in a shambles for years. Not only are the passenger sheds in a poor shape, the terminus is also bereft of restroom facilities.During monsoons, it gets waterlogged, causing inconvenience to locals and commuters. Several complaints have also been made in the past, but nothing had been done on that front so far. Their appeals finally seem to have been taken seriously.Senior urban development officials said that the Karunamoyee international bus terminus has been lying in a dilapidated condition for years and needs renovation. It is the most important bus terminus in the township. Local buses and long distance buses apart, buses to Dhaka also leave from the terminus. \"State urban development minister Firhad Hakim has directed to repair and renovate the Karuanmoyee bus terminus in Salt Lake. Work is expected to start from this fiscal year itself,\" said state urban development secretary Debashis Sen.The authorities have come up with a technical plan and an estimate of about Rs 2 crore has been allocated for the project. The authorities will now move the project to get financial sanction and make budgetary provisions following which tenders will be floated to invite construction firms for implementing the project.Authorities noticed that the bus terminus was not being maintained for a long time. Locals and regular commuters have been complaining that the bus terminus has not been developed over the years and that it needs a complete revamp. There have been previous plans to revamp the bus terminus but the plans did not materialise.With the east-west metro's terminal station coming up and a permanent fair complex already set up at Central Park, the volume of pedestrian and vehicular traffic in and around Central Park has increased rapidly but the condition of the bus terminus is still in very poor shape, causing inconvenience for commuters and pedestrians along who crosses the area. The bus terminus premise gets fully waterlogged after a spell of heavy rain as the The passenger sheds are in damaged state and there are no proper rest room facilities for either passengers, bus drivers and conductors. Some years back during the Left run government's tenure the KMDA had asked the transport department to prepare a blueprint to develop the bus terminus with all modern facilities but not much happened.There are a few other bus terminuses in Salt Lake in AG and GD Block that are also not in good condition. The local Bidhannagar municipality could not properly maintain the bus terminuses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "17631871", "title": "Fake doctor held in Tirupati", "text": "TIRUPATI: A 25-year-old woman is cooling her heels in the Tirupati sub-jail after she was arrested for posing as a doctor at the SVR Ruia Government General Hospital and directing Arogyasri patients to a private hospital for a certain commission.According to the police, Alekhya Reddy, hailing from Kummarapu Tota in Tirupati, completed her Intermediate and joined a physiotherapy course in a local college in 2005 but never completed it. Recently, she managed to secure a fake identity card that certified her to be a doctor employed with Ramadevi Hospital and as having completed her MBBS from SV Medical College.For the last five months, she has been visiting Ruia Hospital and encouraging the Arogyasri patients to get treated at Ramadevi private hospital, a task for which she would get a 2% commission of the fee paid by each patient to the hospital. The police got tipped off by a fellow physiotherapy student who spotted her posing as a doctor at the government hospital and finally got her arrested on Friday. Police enquiries with SV Medical College revealed that she was never a student of medicine at that college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17631911", "title": "Iranian director Makhmalbaf plans film on European refugees", "text": "KOCHI: The plight of refugees in Europe is something that haunts Iranian director Mohsen Makhmalbaf. Living in exile in Paris after the new regime assumed power in Iran, he can comprehend their plight and his next project will focus on their life. Makhmalbaf, who is in the city for Kochi International Film festival ( KIFK), said it is time somebody highlighted the issues. The director and his wife Marziyeh Meshkini spoke to TOI on films and society.Makhmalbaf explains that Iran is witnessing a fight between the censor board on one side and talented directors on the other. \"Censorship has been killing Iranian films. Getting a film cleared by the censor board is an uphill task,\" said Makhmalbaf, when Marziyeh cut in saying that she had to face a lot of hardship while she made her debut.\"I practiced a lot in front of the mirror - how to answer the queries of the censor board. I am the lone women as the board members are men. They would ask questions staring at the walls rather than looking me in the eye. Once I requested them to face me while asking questions,\" she said adding that they only asked stupid questions.Makhmalbaf is of the opinion that films should come from real life. \"Refugees face myriad problems. Around 20 million Afghans are refugees, while the number of Iranian refugees is around 5 million. The reasons vary from financial issues to problems created by dictatorship. I make films based on what I see around me. Films from Iran reflect the country just like Indian films. Our cinema is simplicity, reality and poetry rolled into one,\" he said. He thinks that democracy without morality is meaningless. \"The revolution that uprooted the king's reign has ushered in a religious dictatorship. We couldn't comprehend democracy. The revolution was fuelled by the hatred against the King's dictatorial rule not by democracy. In our search for a change, we lost secularism, liberalism and even democracy,\" he said.Makhmalbaf admits that he does miss his home country. \"I would love to return home someday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635985", "title": "Making art out of Mt Everest litter", "text": "Kripa Rana Shahi tells Nona Walia why she \u00e2\u20ac\u201d along with 15 artists \u00e2\u20ac\u201d took up a project to turn garbage strewn over the world's highest mountain into a visual delight.It took Kripa Rana Shahi and her artist friends almost a month to transform heaps of rubbish on Mount Everest into works of art. The result is a visual delight with 74 sculptures, including one of a yak, wind chimes made out of gas canisters, food cans, torn tents, boots, plates, plastic bags \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all dumped by climbers en route to the world's highest peak. Shahi, who's the director of this project, explains her reason for this venture, \"I am not an artist per se. I'm a development practitioner, and my passion towards art led me to take up this initiative. Everest is our crown jewel and we need to keep it clean.\"Excerpts from an interview:You turned eight tonnes of litter left on Mount Everest into 74 pieces of artwork. Was it difficult?We approached the Everest Summiteers' Association (ESA) for the waste materials because the local media had reported that the group was involved in cleaning up the Everest region. ESA raises awareness about social, cultural as well as environmental issues across the Himalayan region, not just on Everest. Once we got the waste (1.5 tonnes!), we conducted a month-long visual art symposium with 15 visual artists and four guest artists.What did the waste comprise?Mostly, they were discarded oxygen cylinders, cooking stove, tents, ropes, crampons, whisky/vodka/rum bottles, tin cans, etc. We also received helicopter parts. Imagine transforming them into sculptures. It was a challenging task. An unbelievable 8,100 kg trash was collected in 2011 alone. And about 1,957 kg of trash was collected in spring 2012.Were the artists inspired?Yes , a lot. They managed to create 74 works of art from the waste materials. There were painters, sculptors, musicians working 10 -12 hours a day!Why do climbers litter the place?Most of the mountain climbers pay a lot of money to climb Everest. They also have to deposit US $ 4,000 with the government of Nepal and as per rule books, they have to bring back the waste to get their deposit back. But the government does not have a strong mechanism to monitor the littering in the region.Talk about a few pieces in this collection.Painter and poet Sunita Rana has created white shards of aluminium from beverage cans. The aluminium is fashioned into medals signifying the bravery of mountaineers. She has also transformed a black metal tent pole into a wind chime. Artist Prajwal Shahi's work 'Blue Ambers of Everest' has pieces of blue resin with battery preserved within them. It illustrates the importance of energy, process of decomposition and decay and the importance of recycling waste materials.nona.walia@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17632670", "title": "Six injured in Maida Mill blast", "text": "BHOPAL: Over half a dozen workers at Maida Mill sustained burn injuries after a sudden blast in the bonfire, which they lit in the morning, here on Saturday.Police said that as a routine, the mill workers and some labourers lit bonfire inside an open area of the mill's compound and were sitting around it when the blast occurred.Though the exact reason of the blast was not known, it was suspected that either some chemical or glass bottle in the waste material used to lit the bonfire, triggered the blast.The injured, identified as Jitendra, Rinku, Zuber, Sonu, Nitin and Mangat Singh, were admitted to burn ward of Hamidia Hospital where condition of Jitendra is said to be critical. Police said Mangat Singh works as a supervisor in the mill while the others were involved in packing and other works.The FSL team later visited the spot to find out the exact reasons of incident. A case would be registered after recording statements of the injured and ascertaining the cause of incident, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17631917", "title": "31 women among 221 flight cadets to join IAF", "text": "HYDERABAD: After successful completion of one year rigorous training, 221 flight cadets, including 31 women , cadets joined the mainstream of the Indian Air Force at the Combined Graduation Parade held at the Air Force Academy, Dundigal on Saturday. Admiral D K Joshi, Chief of Naval Staff, reviewed the parade and awarded the commission to the flight cadets on behalf of the President of India.The flight cadets underwent training at the Air Force Academy, Dundigal, Air Force Stations at Hakimpet, Begumpet and Yelahanka and Air Force Administrative College, Coimbatore.Admiral Joshi in his address to the newly-commissioned officers called upon them to build up intrinsic qualities of leadership and place the interest of the country first. He also exhorted the cadets to live above all ethnic, religious and regional differences in order to promote a stronger India.Flying Officer Ankit Goel, who commanded the parade, was awarded the President's Plaque and Chief of Air Staff 'Sword of Honour' for standing first in overall order of merit in the pilot course. Flying Officer Mayuri Chopra was awarded the President's Plaque for standing first in overall order of merit in ground duty branch, while Flying Officer Vijay Patil was awarded the President's Plaque for standing first in overall order of merit in navigation branch.An exhilarating and outstanding low level aerobatic display by SU-30 aircraft and Hawk kept the audience spell-bound. AN-32, Dornier and Kiran aircrafts also joined the traditional fly-past parade. The Akash Ganga paratroopers' parade was breathtaking.The Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Joshi, was received by Air Marshal Rajinder Singh, AOC-in-Chief, Training Command, and Air Marshal PR Sharma, Commandant of the Air Force Academy, when he reached the Academy on Friday. Admiral Joshi also attended a ceremonial guest night with the passing out cadets and their parents on Friday evening, where he awarded trophies and medals to the cadets who excelled in their respective branches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17630981", "title": "Watchers in protected forest areas to be insured", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Frontline staff in the forest department like watchers working in protected areas will soon be brought under an insurance scheme with hardship allowance.The decision was taken at the State Wildlife Board meeting held at the chief minister's home office on Saturday. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar agreed to the suggestion and has asked the forest department to prepare a proposal and send it to the finance department.The issue was raised by wildlife biologist and board member Sanjay Gubbi, who made a PowerPoint presentation on the plight of watchers manning the forests, who work in an atmosphere bereft of all basic amenities. They have also not been provided with any facilities. Even after working for more than 15 years they have no security, Guddi said, and requested the CM to bring them under an insurance scheme and provide them with a special allowance on a par with police who work in Naxal-infested areas.The CM also gave his consent for the appointment of 300 watchers on permanent basis.Shettar also demanded for an inspection of the Tungabhadra Otter Sanctuary by a subcommittee of the board headed by its vice chairperson Anil Kumble . He asked the group to take up the inspection and submit a report at the next board meeting.The board also discussed the mushrooming of resorts in hilly areas and also near national parks and wildlife sanctuaries. Members and forest officers requested the chief minister not to give permission for the construction of resorts in eco-sensitive areas. In reply, the chief minister said he would make it mandatory that all projects will be routed through the forest department and the department's approval will be mandatory.Issue of NOC for Bhushan steel plant near Daroji Sloth Bear Sanctuary came up for discussion again but the proposal was rejected again saying there was no fresh ground for reconsideration of NOC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17632194", "title": "Short-sighted decision", "text": "To argue in favour of allowing mining in this part of the Aravalis on the ground that it is rich in construction material is stunningly short-sighted. Even the Supreme Court has had occasion to express concern on the extent to which damage has been done to the ecosystem in these areas. The fact that such an argument is being made even given that context suggests that the battle to save the Aravalis is far from over. The Haryana government needs to listen to its own forest department rather than to its mining department or the powerful quarrying lobby in the state. This is necessary to prevent irreparable damage not only to Haryana's environment, but to Delhi's as well. The Aravalis prevent the desert from spreading north. Let's not undermine their ability to do so.Related Story:  Mining dept opposes bid to preserve Mangar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17633447", "title": "Historic turnout: What kept EVMs buzzing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Irrespective of the outcome of the state assembly elections, the December polls are bound to leave the proverbial indelible mark on Gujarat's electoral history. The list of precedents being broken this time around is growing. While the first was absence of a clear political wave in the months leading to the elections, the second precedent was broken on the day of polling in phase one with voting percentage crossing the 70% mark.Even as poll pundits are scratching their heads to unravel the phenomenon, political workers believe little pieces of paper in shape of voters' slips have done a lot to keep the EVMs buzzing since the morning. The Election Commission (EC) officials' move to hand over the slips to voters in person seems to have done the trick. This was for the first time that EC made voter slips reach the electorate at home. So far, political parties' agents used to distribute the same, using their own discretion, of course.\"The slips made the Muslims, backward classes and other people on the margin of the society feel invited to participate in the process,\" said a member of a major political party.The view is quite similar to the feedback that Gujarat's chief electoral officer Anita Karwal has got. \"We have been told by political parties and members of the public that awareness campaign and distribution of the slips made a lot of difference,\" she says.And while the EC does not monitor voting patterns caste- or religion-wise, there has been a marked improvement in the polling by the groups in its focus - women, youth and urban voters. \"The difference between male and female voting percentage used to be up to 5.5%. It was reduced to 3-3.5% this time,\" Karwal adds.A worker from another political party claims that the slips carrying photos and numbers of booth officials, police and district control rooms empowered the voters, at the same time reducing the chances of wrongdoing. \"During last elections, there were reports of voters ID cards of members of a minority community being bought off in bulk to stop them from polling. The slips in voters' hands restored their rights,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17631712", "title": "Truck knocks down man fatally at Mapusa", "text": "PANAJI: A pedestrian died after he was knocked down by a truck on the NH 17 bypass near Tar junction, Mapusa, on Friday.The police said that a case has been registered against the truck driver, Jose Siddhi, of Karwar, for rash and negligent driving.The victim, Shivappa Gunzal, sustained multiple injuries and was rushed to Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, where he succumbed to his injuries. The police said that it was a hit-and-run case as the driver had fled from the scene after knocking down the pedestrian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17631071", "title": "Gumla schools to remain shut for two days", "text": "GUMLA: Teachers of primary and middle schools will take out a rally on Tuesday to press for their demands, including delinking of teachers from civil construction works. This comes in the wake of the killing of two abducted teachers here on Friday.The decision was taken unanimously at a meeting of over 200 teachers organized by a coordination committee on Saturday. All members agreed that teachers' involvement in civil construction work is the root cause of trouble.\"The government's wrong education policy involving them with building construction projects had landed us in trouble,\" said Niranjan Kumar, general secretary of the teachers' associations. Minority schools will also be part of the rally. Even the district level demands are not being considered, they alleged in the meeting.All schools will remain closed on Monday and Tuesday and their future course of action will be decided at Tuesday's meeting.Abductors had, in the past, demanded levy from slain teacher Jaglal Sahu, headmaster of Raikera Middle School in Bharno block here in the past. As secretary of gram shikha samiti of the school, he was constructing a new school building on the campus.\"We want delinking of teachers from construction work and non-involvement in mid-day meal scheme,\" said Kripa Shankar Pande, president of Jharkhand Primary Teachers' Association.The meet which was presided over by president of the coordination committee, Vijay Bahadur Singh discussed problems of teachers community and the demands they had put up before the district administration during the road blockade on Friday.The teachers' demands include Rs 10-lakh compensation and government jobs to kin of the deceased, arrest of the abductors and quick disposal of representation of teachers who have sought transfer from Naxalite zones. They threatened to continue their agitation if demands are not met.\"We will take out a huge rally on Tuesday in the district town, Pande added.\"So far as our security is concerned, if the government disassociates us from construction work, we will be safe,\" said a teacher. Teachers' stir on Saturday gained momentum after Chhotanagpur Minoritites Primary School Teachers Association and Jharkhand Minorities Primary School Teachers Association extended support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635949", "title": "DSP goes to Spain", "text": "Telugu star Pawan Kalyan and director Trivikram are off to Spain to scout for new locations for their upcoming film. The latest to join the duo is composer Devi Sri Prasad, who has headed to the country for music sittings.All three of them are in Barcelona, Spain and are working on the film, including the pre-production. Pawan Kalyan, we hear, will return to Hyderabad during the month-end and once he is back, the shoot for the film will begin in 2013.In the meantime, Devi Sri Prasad, whose album for Karthi's album Alex Pandian has just hit the screens, will also start work on the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17632671", "title": "Policy sought on use of groundwater", "text": "NOIDA: A number of city NGOs have written to the UP government for immediately enacting a groundwater policy for the state after farmers obstructed construction works in Gautam Budh Nagar for over two days. The farmers, belonging Gharbara, Murshadpur and Jaganpur villages among other areas, were protesting against the excessive extraction of groundwater.The protesters impeded construction work after several tubewells and borewells in the region ran dry. They alleged that indiscriminate extraction of groundwater by construction firms for laying foundation of buildings has led to its depletion.In view of the farmers' showdown several NGOs, including Noida Greens and Jan Sashaktikaran, on Tuesday asked the state government to establishing a regulatory authority for controlling the use of groundwater. \"Disputes over water can turn ugly in future in the absence of a proper policy for its extraction and use. In the last decade, water table in the region has reduced to a semi-critical level,\" said Krishankant Singh of Jan Sashaktikaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17632566", "title": "Digvijay gives away prizes to Dalians", "text": "INDORE: The 130th annual prize distribution at the Daly College on Saturday saw more than 100 prizes being distributed among the Dalians for achievements in various fields ranging from studies and sports to outstanding performance in brass band.General secretary of Congress also an alumnus of Daly College, Digvijay Singh, was the chief guest. In his speech after the prize distribution, he said, \"Apart from the qualities like devotion, dedication and hard work, one quality which is a must to keep one going on in life is a good sense of humour. It is one quality that gives you the power to smile during even the bad times in life.\"He also advised to have a strong communication among the parents and their children as it was very important. He also thanked his teachers at the occasion for the important role being played by them.After the welcome speech delivered by the vice president Narendra Singh, where he thanked governing bodies for doing an efficient work, he also congratulated everyone associated with the institute for reaching a level of high credibility in the field of education.Principal of Daly College, Sumer Singh, praised the students for their achievement making a point to name all of them in a row as part of his speech. He also pointed out the achievements of Daly College in past and made sure that the audience present there also knew about the future projects in the institute and accredit the donors and supporters. He also said that chairman &amp; CEO, DLZ corporation, Vikram Rajadhyaksh, has donated a sum of Rs 1 crore to the institute.Prior to it, cultural programmes were held comprising qawwali, plays and folk dances at the institute on the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "17632140", "title": "Will cut off tongues of people demanding separate state: Deputy CM KS Eshwarappa", "text": "SHIMOGA: Deputy CM and state BJP president KS Eshwarappa said that his party will not tolerate division of the state on the lines of caste or religion.At a public function here on Saturday, the deputy CM said that he will not hesitate to cut off the tongues of those who demand division of the state.Without naming any leader, Eshwarappa said that some of them had started demanding statehood for North Karnataka. \"This creates ill-will and disturbs the social fabric of society. It also hampers the growth of the party in the state,\" he added. BJP will do everything in its power to put a stop to such demands, the deputy CM said.Eshwarappa was speaking at function organized by Maratha community which honoured him. He hailed the contributions of Chatrapathi Shivaji on the occasion and termed him a great national leader who helped to unite society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635333", "title": "Gautham Menon spills beans", "text": "Director Gautham Menon had recently said that he will be working with Suriya on his next, after his Neethane En Ponvasantham, starring Jiiva and Samantha hit screens.Gautham Menon and Suriya were a successful combination and their films, Kaakha Kaakha and Vaaranam Aayiram , did well at the Box Office and also earned critical acclaim for both the director and the actor.This new project, we hear, will be Gautham's home production and will focus on international issues. A majority of the film will be filmed in international locations to gel with the subject.Suriya is busy wrapping the shoot of Singam 2 and will be starting work on Lingusamy's next with Samantha as his love interest. Now when this combo will team up for the film, that we have to wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17633820", "title": "For government, most schools in state RTE compliant", "text": "PUNE: There was much confusion in the 2011-12 academic year when the Right to Education (RTE) Act was first implemented , making it mandatory for all unaided private schools to reserve 25% seats for children from disadvantaged backgrounds. Most schools resisted it saying it would be difficult for them to reserve seats as their admissions were over and that the notification came in too late.A year later, enrolment figures under RTE sourced from Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan and directorate of school education tell a different story. As per official data, as many as 67,000 students across Maharashtra were admitted to schools under the 25% reservation policy. And schools in Pune Municipal Corporation limits filled almost 50% of the total seats for children covered under the Act. While the state-wide figure strictly pertains to the 2011-2012 academic year, enrolment figures for Pune also take into consideration admissions in 2012-13 .The figures appear impressive but have activists wondering if they reflect the ground reality. After all, neither did the government take up any massive awareness campaign nor did schools make any attempt to tell parents that they were now eligible to get free education for their children. Officials, however, maintain that the state has done well. Sreedhar Salunke, director of state education department, said that the state was successful in the first year of implementation.\"I think the percentage of admissions that took place in the state is not bad. The state has managed to take off, and next year onwards a bit more aggressive campaigning will be done to make sure maximum number of students are benefited,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17636139", "title": "High temperature recorded in Bantwal yet again", "text": "MANGALORE: Highest maximum temperature of 37.7\u00cb\u0161C is recorded in Bantwal hobli of Bantwal taluk of DK district on December 15 at 3pm. Lowest minimum temperature of 10.3\u00cb\u0161C is recorded in Khanapur hobli of Khanapur taluk in Belgaum district on December 16 at 6.45am. Tubagere hobli in Doddaballapura taluk of Bangalore rural district recorded maximum rainfall of 0.5mm in Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am.Maximum relative humidity of 99.9\u00cb\u0161C is recorded in Madikeri hobli in Madikeri taluk of Kodagu district on December 16 during 6.15am to 7.15am. Minimum relative humidity of 15.5\u00cb\u0161C is recorded in Kundgol hobli in Kundgol taluk of Dharwad district on December 15 at 2.45pm. Dry weather prevailed over the state in the above 24-hours. Rainfall was negligible in 30 districts and north-eastern monsoon was also weak in 30 districts.Very light rain was recorded in eight districts and no rain in 22 districts.Karnataka for the period October 1 to December 16 recorded deficit rainfall of 22%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 187mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state recorded rainfall of 146mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on December 16, the four geographical regions received 0.0mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 0.4mm, a deficit of 100%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17630856", "title": "Anti-ragging helpline shows 40% drop in cases", "text": "BANGALORE: If the thought of being ragged at your new college is giving you sleepless nights, here is a breather. Statistics by Aman Kachroo Trust that manages the anti-ragging helpline introduced by UGC shows that the 'ragging culture' has taken a backseat.While as many as 577 cases from across the country were registered through the helpline in 2011, the number has gone down to 355 this year - an almost 40% drop. Moreover, the number of online affidavits against ragging has also crossed a lakh. Students file affidavits during admission in colleges stating they will not indulge in ragging.Pertaining to Karnataka, the helpline received 10 cases this year, against 17 last year. Totally, as many as 1,712 cases have been registered till date across 29 states, after the helpline was introduced in 2009.Raj Kachroo, founder of amanmovement.org, the online site against ragging that manages UGC's anti-ragging website (antiragging.in) told TOI that the declining cases are due to stringent rules and awareness on the menace. \"We follow the process according to a plan and each case is treated with precision. We do not give up halfway and follow the case till justice is delivered. We reach out to the college and speak to the authorities in case they are unaware of the issue,\" says Raj.As many as 1,38,181 students have given affidavits across the country so far. \"UGC rules mandate that every student submit an affidavit against ragging during admission process. Doing it manually is a cumbersome task. But now, all one needs is download the affidavit and it reaches the colleges directly. Efforts are being made to reach out to more colleges for online affidavits,\" he said.\"We are aiming for 10,000 colleges by July 2013. This will give us a platform to create awareness among more people regarding ragging. We are asking colleges to push students to go online and submit the affidavit. Once you submit it online, the back-end team will send information through email,\" said Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633158", "title": "Jogging tracks to come up in Sec 29 parks", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh municipal corporation has decided to construct jogging tracks in three parks. This comes as a relief for residents of Sector 29, who had been demanding jogging tracks for a long time. The tracks will come up at parks in sectors 29 B,C and D.The decision to the effect was taken at a meeting of the road committee held recently. The estimated project cost will be Rs 33 lakh 64,000. All the three parks have an area of around one acre each. Resident welfare association secretary Harish Chhabra said the jogging tracks were the need of the hour. \"In the absence of a concrete track, going for a walk in rainy days in the park was next to impossible because of the mud and slush. Now, things will change,\" Sector 29 resident Ravneet Kaur said.Sector 29 B resident welfare association president Dharmendar said residents resented the absence of jogging tracks in the area parks because almost all the others have such tracks. \"I feel this track should have been developed long ago but I am happy that MC officials have taken a step to resolve the issue,\" Pardeep Kumar, a resident of the same sector said.Area councillor and deputy mayor Satish Kumar Kainth said jogging tracks were needed in all three parks and the decision of the road committee will help many stay healthy. \"I will make sure the jogging track is completed before the end of the February, 2013,\" Satish said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17630677", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Delhi slip after bright start", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sun hid behind the clouds, the green pitch could barely be distinguished from the outfield. In such seam-friendly conditions, Delhi won the toss and decided to bowl first.It was a tailor-made script for under-pressure hosts on the first morning of their Ranji Trophy Group B match against Maharashtra at the Roshanara ground here on Saturday.Delhi bowlers reveled in the conditions and bowled out Maharashtra for 196 by tea. When they went in to bat, the sun came out, offering the best conditions to bat on the day. But the hosts somehow failed to assert themselves and lost the top three batsmen, ending the day at 60/3.Pressure got to Unmukt Chand and Mohit Sharma as Samad Fallah got his left-arm swinging deliveries going, testing the Delhi batsmen outside the off-stump.Fallah first scalped Unmukt, opening him up from round the wicket, and then got Mohit who shouldered arms to one that came in. Adding to Delhi's frustration was Shikhar Dhawan running himself out yet again.This once again leaves old warhorse Mithun Manhas to the do the majority of the job. Thankfully for him, Vaibhav Rawal tightened his play and saw off a testing spell of swing bowling.Earlier, all the home team - going in with an all-seam attack - had to do was to put the ball in the right areas.Just when the two new-ball bowlers, Pawan Suyal and Vikas Tokas, started spraying it around, skipper Dhawan brought the experienced Sumit Narwal into the attack.Narwal dismissed Virag Awate with the first ball and found Sangram Atitkar's edge two balls later to leave the Maharashtra total reading 26/2. The flood gates opened as Narwal showed the way with figures of 3/35.The others got their lengths right and Maharashtra were tottering at the 83/6.That's when Ankit Bawne showed his grit and scripted a fightback with Shrikant Mundhe. The pair kept moving the scoreboard and didn't look too uncomfortable at the crease in their 64-run eighth wicket partnership.A misunderstanding while taking a quick single cost Mundhe (42) his wicket. Bawne's resistant knock of 58 ended when Suyal got him to nick one to wicketkeeper Punit Bisht.Delhi will now be hoping for Manhas and Rajat Bhatia to take them to a position of strength.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17630904", "title": "Three arrested for robbing passenger", "text": "MUMBAI: Three catering firm employees have been arrested for robbing a woman who was waiting to board a train at Marine Lines station. The incident occurred earlier this month.The accused snatched the victim's valuables and pushed her. CCTV footage helped the police track down the assailants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "17630933", "title": "One held for raping minor in Dombivli", "text": "DOMBIVLI: Days after a 45-year-old auto driver was arrested for sexually assaulting a minor in Dombivli, a youth was held for allegedly raping a nine-year-old girl on Saturday. The incident occurred at Khoni Khotlipada in Dombivli (E).The accused, Ajit Kalokhi (24), who lives in the victim's neighbourhood took her to his house and raped her, the police said. Kalokhi threatened her not to spill the beans.However, when the victim's parents realized what had happened they lodged a police complaint. A team from Manpada police station reached the accused's residence and arrested him. \"Kalokhi works in private firm and lives in rented house,\" said a senior police officer. Locals are concerned over the increase in crimes. On December 3, four youngsters stabbed Santosh Vichivara (19), to death at the gate of his housing complex in Dombivli for protesting against the lewd comments passed at a girl. A week later, a 25-year-old MBA was arrested for passing lewd comments at a teenager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17633618", "title": "Shiv Sainiks surprised by Matoshree\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s silence on row", "text": "MUMBAI: A sizeable section in the Shiv Sena is of the view that the party leadership should learn a lesson or two from the Shivaji Park memorial episode, which left Shiv Sainiks, local residents and the ruling Democratic Front (DF) with frayed nerves for nearly three weeks.Stating that the memorial row has shown chinks in the Sena's armour , a middle-rung partyman said on Saturday, \"Balasaheb Thackeray was known and admired in political circles for his excellent timing. He never believed in hemming and hawing . Also, he never allowed his deputies to speak on his behalf.\"While many partymen agree that Uddhav Thackeray's last-minute intervention saved the Sena further embarrassment on the memorial issue, they also vigorously hold the view that he should have stepped in much earlier to stop several senior party leaders from playing to the gallery on the row.\"Uddhavji's silence fuelled confusion in the Sena rank and file. Several leaders whipped up passions with their provocative statements , much to the discomfiture of Matoshree and partymen,\" said a former Sena legislator. \"Mumbai mayor Sunil Prabhu kept offering soundbites to mediapersons without realizing the magnitude of the crisis. As if that wasn't enough, standing committee chief Rahul Shewale spoke about re-naming Shivaji Park as 'Shiv Tirtha' and thus complicated the issue,\" the Sena legislator pointed out.While the row hotted up , Uddhav , who despite the mourning period for the family, told some of his party colleagues that he was contemplating a formal statement on the imbroglio.\"But his statement came a bit late in the day . Senior party leaders had meanwhile begun to paint the town red with their statements, in an indication that they were authorized by Matoshree to do so, while scores of Sainiks felt that Matoshree was yielding to the diktats of some senior Sena leaders ,\" said a party functionary .Also, the memorial row is a grim reminder to Uddhav Thackeray that Delhi may be all set to act tough with the Sena in the post-B alasaheb era, say political observers .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17631705", "title": "Jumbo electrocuted in Ganjam", "text": "BERHAMPUR: One more elephant was found electrocuted while forest officials rescued an elephant calf from a well in two different incidents in Ganjam district on Saturday.A 35-year-old female elephant was electrocuted after coming contact with high-tension live wires under Muzagada forest range in Ghumusara south division. The elephant came in contact with the 11-KV wires when it uprooted an electric pole, said divisional forest officer (DFO), Ghumusara south, KC Mishra. In another incident, forest officials rescued a four-year-old elephant calf, which fell into a well under Buguda forest range in Ghumusara north division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17632554", "title": "Woman hit by army vehicle, dies", "text": "MHOW: An army jeep hit two women near Swarg Mandir in Mhow on Friday evening, resulting in death of one of them. As per Mhow police, Premlata, wife of Surendra Mishra aged 60 years and Neelam, wife of Mohan Thapar aged 52 years, had gone for evening walk on Friday evening. At about 6.30 pm, they were walking from Hari Phatak to Swarg Mandir when a fast moving army jeep coming from the opposite side hit them. Both of them were badly injured and were rushed to a hospital in Indore.Premlata succumbed to her injuries while undergoing treatment in the hospital, while Neelam's condition is serious. As nobody was able to see the registration number of the jeep, the vehicle could not be traced till the filling of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633117", "title": "Functions at plaza hamper business, traders complain", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The constant functions being organized at the Sector 17 plaza by erecting temporary stage and fencing around the venue has finally irked the traders of Sector 17.While the administration has been organizing such events at the open plaza to avoid issues of high sound, the traders complain that this spoils their business during the peak hours.They have decided to submit a memorandum in this regard to the senior officers of MC, UT and Chandigarh Police on Monday, following which an agitation will be planned against the practice, if their request is not considered.The traders say that Chandigarh administration has already constructed a permanent stage at the plaza adjoining the fountain, which should be the designated venue to hold functions. But, the authorities, particularly UT's tourism department, erect temporary stage near the shops and cover the area by fencing, which not only troubles shopkeepers, but shoppers as well.J P S Kalra, general secretary of the Sector 17 traders' association, said, the functions organized at the non-designated area at the plaza create problems for traders.\"There is proper stage for holding such events, but the UT hardly uses that stage. The high sound during these events also troubles the shopkeepers and customers. This is why we are taking up the issue with the authorities,\" said Kalra. The Sector 17 plaza is one of the most famous venues not just in the city, but even across the country. Thousands of visitors and city residents come here on a daily basis not only to shop, but to enjoy the ambience of the huge quadrangle market.The municipal corporation has recently planned to develop the remaining area of the plaza as well, in order to boost tourism in this commercial zone of the city.The traders' resentment is being voiced near the New Year, a time when UT administration plans series of functions to enthrall the public. Even this year, the authority is expected to invite Bollywood and Punjabi singers for a glittering performance during the new year celebration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17633215", "title": "Festive cheer adds zing to party", "text": "LUDHIANA: Celebrating winter and the Christmas season, the Gitanjali Ladies Club organized a tea party at the club on Saturday. Around 200 members came for the weekend tea party. Little children were also invited to mark Christmas celebrations.The winter queen contest was the highlight of the day, where around 30 women walked down the ramp in vibrant warm attires and competed for the title in three different age groups. The ramp walk was followed by the \"dabang\" performances of children dressed up as cops as did Salman Khan in the movie of the same name. Various one minute games like blowing balloons and blowing the candle were played to add to the fun. The women cheered and laughed and played tambola over a cup of tea and snacks. A lucky draw saw them bagging some surprise gifts.Little children dressed up as Santas added to the Christmas cheer and in a reversal of sorts, they were given toys and chocolates as a token of love by club members.At the end of the day, results were announced for the winter queen contest. Reema Verma was crowned the winter queen in the 25 to 35 age group, Sheetal Nayyar in the 35 to 45 year age bracket, while Kusum Gupta was declared the winter queen in the 45 plus category.Neeru Singhla, president of the club, gave a vote of thanks. She also gave away prizes to the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17633667", "title": "He provides lifeline with blood stem cell registry", "text": "BANGALORE: Raghu Rajagopal, 44-year-old entrepreneur from Chennai, believes in leading from the front in whatever he does, be it managing his multiple businesses or his passion Datri\u00e2\u20ac\u201dan NGO working for stem cell donation.Participating in various donors' drives for collection of stem cells and working with a few NGOs in USA during his 12-year stay there as an entrepreneur inspired him to start a similar NGO in India.He came to India in 2005 and settled in Chennai with a vision of starting the NGO. With support from Dr Nezih Cereb and Dr Soo Young Yang, he started Datri in 2009. Raghu, co-founder and CEO of Datri, is passionate about cancer cure. He was geared to address the challenges faced by patients of life-threatening diseases like leukemia due to scarcity in the blood stem cells and wanted to motivate healthy Indians into donating the stem cells and build an exhaustive Donors Registry.\"I have come across cases of many patients who have lost their lives because of unavailability of stem cell donors. India lacks awareness about stem cell donation and our motive is to create awareness by organizing donation drives,'' said Raghu.Along with Dr Nezih Cereb, president and co-founder of Histogenetics, a state-of-theart lab specializing in HLA typing, and Dr Soo Young Yang, chairman and founder of Histogenetics, Raghu has now slowly started bringing about the change in India. The NGO has organized more than 125 donation drives in India in the past three years.Said Jaya M (name changed): \"My two-year old daughter is suffering from leukemia and we needed a bone marrow donation for her. Since she is our only child, we found it difficult to find a matching stem cell. We contacted Datri which helped us getting a donor from Nagpur.\"Explaining the working of Datri, Raghu said: \"Registered with BMDW (Bone Marrow Donor Worldwide) and a member of WMDA (World Marrow Donor Association), Datri is a pioneer in India in the space and plays a significant role having created a functional donor registry. We have 21,000 donors belonging to diverse ethnic backgrounds registered with us. The organization has successfully completed 13 transplants. We have also helped patients abroad to find a matching donor from India.\"\"We have also tied up with seven hospitals across India and are striving to reach out to create awareness of the concept among the general public , physicians and GPs, college students and the government ,\" he added.Dr Sharat Damodar, consultant hematologist and HOD, Bone Marrow Transplant, Narayana Hrudayalaya, said: \"Datri has come in as a source of help in situations when we don't get matched unrelated donors. Until now we were depending on stem cell banks in the USA and Europe to get such donors, but now India has Datri which is also creating awareness in this sector. It is inspiring people to come forward for stem cell donation, which is a little more than blood donation and can save many lives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17631903", "title": "Malaysia wants to boost trade with India to $15 billion by 2015", "text": "HYDERABAD: Malaysia is eyeing trade worth over $15 billion with India by 2015, up from the current $12.5 billion, Malaysian minister of international trade and industry, Datuk Seri Mustapa Mohamad said here on Saturday.The Malaysian minister, who was in the city as part of the Malaysian government's trade and investment mission to India, said that the country, which is at the heart of South-East Asia and has a population of close to 2 million people of Indian origin, can prove to be a strategic market for India.Malaysia mainly exports palm oil, petroleum products, chemical products and electronic products to India while the major exports from India include machinery, chemical products and metals.While he pointed out that Malaysian companies had a notable presence in India's infrastructure space including highway projects and mono rail projects, he said that Indian companies had made investments close to $260 billion in Malaysia, mainly via acquisitions, in 2012. He said though biggies like Reliance and L&T; already had a presence in Malaysia, it was now keen on also inviting small and medium Indian enterprises to set up shop there.Expressing deep disappointment over decision of the Maladives government to take back operations of the Ibrahim Nasir International Airport (INIA) in Male from the GMR-Malaysia Airports Holdings Berhad combine, Mohamad said, \"It was a disappointment as it was a legitimate contract and the work had begun. The Maldives government is mulling compensation and negotiations on that are yet to begin.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17632599", "title": "Royal hoax call: Nurse Jacintha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s body to be flown to Mangalore today", "text": "MANGALORE: The body of Jacintha Saldanha, 46, the nurse who fell victim to a prank call by two DJs posing as royals, will be brought to Mangalore on Sunday. A Jet Airways flight carrying the body will land here at 2.30pm.Jacintha was found hanging in the nurses' quarters of London's King Edward VII Hospital on December 7, three days after the hoax call.Jacintha's funeral will be held at the cemetery of Our Lady of Health Church at Shirva in Udupi district at 4pm on Monday, William Menezes, spokesperson for Most Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza, Bishop of Mangalore Diocese, said. Family sources informed STOI that the body would be kept in the morgue of the Kasturba Medical College, Manipal. It will be taken to Shirva on Monday to enable people to pay their homage from 3pm to 4pm.Meanwhile, Father Muller School of Nursing, where Jacintha studied between 1984 and 1988, has decided to institute a Best Bedside Nurse award in her memory. The Rev Fr Denis D'Sa, administrator, Father Muller Medical College, of which the nursing college is a part, said Jacintha had worked at FMMC as a junior staff nurse for a year after her education.The hospital will raise the corpus for the award from philanthropists and well-wishers, D'Sa said. During a visit to her alma mater in 2009 for its golden jubilee celebrations, Jacintha had made a donation and promised to raise funds from other alumni working abroad to finance the studies of poor students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17633626", "title": "Surat political workers fan out in poll-bound areas", "text": "SURAT: Top political workers of the city, including candidates, are out in the field working in parts of Central and North Gujarat where the second phase of polling will take place on Monday. Surat BJP has sent 12 teams consisting of 50 workers each and candidates of all the 12 seats in the city to Central and North Gujarat.Congress has dispatched its city unit president Ashok Jirawala and top leader Kadir Pirzada to Kapadvanj and Vadodara in Central Gujarat along with a team of workers.City unit BJP president Purnesh Modi, who is campaigning along with Surat (West) candidate Kishore Vankawala in Ahmedabad, said, \"We will be able to sleep peacefully only after the results are announced on December 20. We do not want to leave anything to chance. We are sure of getting more than two-third majority.\"C R Patil, Navsari BJP MP, and Limbayat candidate Sangita Patil are camping in Kapadvanj with their team of 50 workers, Surat MP Darshana Jardosh and Udhana candidate Narottam Patel are in Vadodara city, Olpaad candidate Mukesh Patel is in Mehsana's Chanas assembly constituency, Raja Patel of Choryasi constituency is in Vatva in Ahmedabad while Praful Panseria from Kamrej is at Savali in Vadodara.Ranjit Gilitwala from Surat (East) is at Sayajigunj in Vadodara, Ajay Choksi from Surat (North) is at Kalol in Panchmahal, Kanu Kanani, former Mayor and K K Rakholia are at Lunawada in Panchmahal, Janak Bagdanawala of Karanj is at Raopura in Vadodara, Harsh Sanghavi from Majura constituency is at Vejalpur in Ahmedabad and Nanu Vanani from Katargam is at Manjalpur in Vadodara.These workers are allotted the duty of campaigning and once it closes they will hold group meetings in their assigned assembly constituencies. They are allocated special responsibility on the day of polling.Talking to TOI, Ashok Jirawala, who is camping in Kapadvanj, said, \"Our party workers are given duty in Vadodara, Kheda, Dabhoi, Kapadvanj and Bapunagar. A large number of Congress workers will work for party candidates there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17631285", "title": "East Singhbhum chess tourney to begin on Wednesday", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The five-day XXXII East Singhbhum district chess championship will begin on December 19 at J R D Tata Sports Complex with seasoned and amateur players competing in nine categories, including Seniors, U-25, U-19, U-17, U-15, U-13, U-11, U-9 and U-7.A K Verma, an East Singhbhum District Chess Association functionary, said participants need to submit birth certificates issued by notified area and Municipal Corporation to compete in the various categories. According to the information, players performing well in the district tournament will have a bright chance for selection in the state team. \"Performance in the district tournament counts at the state level,\" said Verma.A tournament organizing committee official said: \"The event aims to promote chess among youngsters. Entry fee for the school students has been fixed at Rs 50, which is lesser than Rs 150 for other participants.\" More than 50 chess enthusiasts from across the district will participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17631035", "title": "Pune youth tops country in CDS exam", "text": "PUNE: City lad Sampanna Kolhatkar notched the top spot in the all-India rankings of the Combined Defence Services (CDS) examination conducted by the Union Public Service Commission recently. Kolhatkar will now join the Indian Military Academy (IMA) from January next year.The CDS exam gives entry to various defence services including the Indian Army, Navy and the Air Force. This test is conducted twice a year. Candidates successful in the written exam are then called for an interview by a Services Selection Board which evaluates a candidate's suitability for a career in the Indian Armed Forces. Close to 1.33 lakh students had appeared for the CDS exam conducted by the UPSC in February this year. A total of 205 students have made it to the final merit list.Kolhatkar, who is an engineering graduate from the printing and graphical technology faculty, said he did not expect to top the exam. Speaking to TOI, Kolhatkar said, \"I did very well in the exams, and was expecting to be among the top 10. I was pleasantly surprised when I checked the results on Friday and noticed that I topped the merit list.\"Kolhatkar, who completed his schooling from the Deccan Education Society's English medium school, will now get a training spanning one-and-a-half years at the IMA in Dehradun. On successful completion of the training, Kolhatkar will be commissioned as lieutenant in the Indian Army.Kolhatkar's father is an electrical contractor and consultant while his mother is a homemaker. Besides academics, Kolhatkar has keen interest in western dance and has participated in several reality shows on television.Lt Col (Retd) Pradeep Brahmankar, who was Kolhatkar's tutor, said, \"Topping the all-India merit list is definitely a big achievement for Kolhatkar and the city. He has been a very sincere student and I was sure he would make it to the merit list. Topping it is an icing on the cake.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17632547", "title": "Facebook guide to traffic", "text": "JAIPUR: Now solution to every problem related to traffic in Jaipur will be available on Facebook. Jaipur traffic police have launched an informative page on Facebook that will provide information on traffic arrangements during religious and other functions when the traffic needs to be diverted.The residents will be able to know about the restrictions imposed on roads in case there is crowd or congestion during special occasions.The traffic police have also launched a multi purpose helpline number 1095 on which the residents can get confirmation if their vehicles have been towed away or make complaints about traffic violations.The service was launched on Saturday. Officials said that the residents can even post photos of traffic rule violators on the Facebook page.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "17632251", "title": "Gold worth Rs 4.73 lakh stolen", "text": "BIJAPUR: Thieves broke into a house in Kokatanur village in Sindagi taluk on the wee hours of Thursday and made away with gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 4.73 lakh.According to a complaint lodged by Ninganagouda Madiwalappagouda Biradar Patil of Kokatanur village, the men gained entry into the house by breaking the main door when the family was away in Guddapur for attending the Danammadevi festival.The ornaments belonging to the goddess Lakshmi temple were kept in Patil's house for security purposes. Patil is the traditional protector of the property and the ornaments are taken out once in three years for decorating the idol of the goddess during the village festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17632583", "title": "Girl injured as cell battery 'explodes'", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: An eight-year-old girl from Greater Noida was injured when the battery of a cellphone kept in her jeans' pocket exploded. The incident was reported from Kasna in Greater Noida. She was rushed to Kailash Hospital with burn injuries on her thighs.The girl has been identified as Bhumi, daughter of a farmer from Tugalpur village. The incident occurred on Saturday when Bhumi was playing outside her home. Sources said that the cell phone was of Chinese make and the battery was also local.A loud sound like the bursting of a cracker triggered panic in the village , the source said. No other resident was injured. The girl sustained minor burns on her things and was allowed to go home after treatment, according to doctors at Kailash hospital.Lithium batteries are widely used in mobile phones - but if they are overcharged or exposed to heat, the inflammable liquid inside can explode. According to experts, a few safety measures can go a long way towards averting such incidents.Experts recommend the use of original batteries that are compatible with the phone and its charger. They have also warned against overcharging phones and making or answering calls when the phone is charging. They also suggest avoiding long phone conversations and keeping the phone in a bag instead of one's pocket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17631663", "title": "1971 war veteran recalls triumph", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Octogenarian Brundaban Mohanty will always remember December 16, 1971. This soldier was one of those who trained Bangaldesh's Mukti Bahini to fight against Pakistan. Mohanty has been living in his native village in Kendrapada's Kaupada since his retirement from the army in 1972.Sipahi aja, as Mohanty is popularly known, had joined the army in 1949 when he was just a teenager. He has also fought against China in 1962 and Pakistan in 1965 in his 23 years of service. He was sent to Arunachal Pradesh to fight the Chinese and Punjab to fight the Pakistanis. \"During the 1971 war I was directed to fight along the Mukti Bahini because I could speak Bengali. We trained Mukti Bahini to fight against Pakistanis,\" he said.\"On December 16, 1971, the Pakistanis surrendered and Bangladesh was born. I still remember the Bangladesh flag being hoisted,\" Brundaban said, who now lives in a ramshackle hut in the village. \"I get a meagre pension of Rs 3,500 which is insufficient to sustain a family of four,\" said Mohanty. This war veteran lives with his wife and disabled son, while his daughter has got married. \"All my children and grandchildren are proud of me\", added Brundaban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "17631670", "title": "Mamata's speech at FICCI strikes chord, not business plans", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's straight-from-the-heart speech at a Ficci meet in the Capital on Saturday drew applause from India Inc but her plea for investing wasn't greeted with the same enthusiasm. In her trademark style at industry chamber Ficci's 85th annual general meeting, Mamata rattled off a list of the state government's initiatives to improve Bengal's investment climate, like setting up an employment bank, land bank and power bank for \"excess power\".The CM harped on Bengal's strategic location to woo investors. \"If you base your business in West Bengal, you can do business in the north-east... You can do business in Bangladesh, Nepal and Bhutan,\" she said, while highlighting the possibility of \"African safari in the Sunderbans\". Mamata also dangled the carrot of cheap labour. \"My labour is very cheap. They never disturb. We don't allow factory to close down and strike as they earlier used to,\" she said, referring to workers' unrests during the Left regime.Business leaders were keen to know how she would tackle the contentious issue of land acquisition for industries. Mamata said forceful land acquisition was neither conducive for the state nor industries. \"Sometimes, people say acquire the land, fire the people and then build industry. Industry cannot be set up if there is disturbance...,\" she said.But her audience wasn't too impressed. \"Her speech is passionate, but low on substance,\" said a senior official from the food processing industry. While saying Bengal had lost its pre-eminence, Ficci president Naina Lal Kidwai said the CM's \"vision for tourism and how Bengal is the next Goa and next Switzerland is not lost on us\".Speaking at the same forum earlier in the day, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had said those opposed to FDI were \"either ignorant of global realities or are constrained by out-dated ideologies\". Mamata responded by saying she was with the common man, who had now become \"outdated\".Singur and Haldia thorns in Didi's business bouquetAs politics and business mingled, a telecom sector bigwig asked, \"Wasn't it more of a political speech to hit out at the Centre and less for the industry?\" The memory of Mamata's violent agitation that drove out Tata Motors from Singur has not faded and the fresh row that led cargo-handler ABG Haldia Bulk Terminals to pull out of Haldia port had dented the confidence of investors, said a manufacturing industry official.The CM's personal traits, too, seem to be working against her. \"She says something and retracts the next minute. How can we depend on her and put money in Bengal?\" asked a senior official of an FMCG firm. Many wondered if Mamata would return to power after five years. Some, though, weren't so harsh. \"She wants to do a lot of things. But, can she handle the problems at hand?\" asked a tea industry top gun.Ficci's outgoing president R V Kanoria lauded the CM, saying, \"Mamata is determined to bring an improvement in the work culture of West Bengal.\" While saying Bengal has lost its pre-eminence, Ficci president Naina Lal Kidwai said the CM's \"vision for tourism and how Bengal is the next Goa and next Switzerland is not lost on us\".Mamata said Bengal has potential, but it was not nurtured. \"Gujarat they nurtured, Chennai has the money and Delhi is getting everything. Bengal has nothing. But, we have brain,\" she said. Giving one more reason to invest in Bengal, she added, \"Our talent is very good. Our talent works everywhere from NASA to bhasa... from computer to compounder. If you want to nurture it, invest in the state, don't worry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17630872", "title": "Karnataka CM leads all-party delegation to Prime Minister", "text": "BANGALORE: An all-party delegation from Karnataka will meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh soon to request him not to issue the final notification for implementing the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal award.This was decided by an all-party and opposition leaders' meeting here on Saturday convened by chief minister Jagadish Shettar.Later, Shettar told reporters the delegation will also meet Union water resources minister Harish Rawat and Union law minister Ashwani Kumar and plead with them that there should be no final notification as Karnataka had remonstrated about the tribunal award and filed a petition before the Supreme Court.The tribunal awarded Tamil Nadu 419 tmcft of water (against the demand of 562 tmcft); Karnataka 270 tmcft (against its demand of 465 tmcft); Kerala 30 tmcft and Puducherry 7 tmcft.At a meeting of the Cauvery Monitoring Committee in Delhi on December 7, states sharing Cauvery water were informed the final award would be notified by December 31.Shettar said he has written to the PM urging him to call a meeting of CMs of riparian states to discuss the pros and cons of the final notification.Water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai said they've also filed a review petition before the CMC on its direction to provide Tamil Nadu with 12 tmcft of water during December. The Supreme Court had made it clear that it won't interfere with the CMC order.Karnataka to raise Almatti dam heightShettar convened another meeting of officials and ministers to discuss the third stage of the Upper Krishna Project, which envisages using 130 tmcft of Krishna water to irrigate 5.3 lakh hectares across seven North Karnataka districts.Bommai said around 76,000 acres in 20 villages would be submerged and the affected people would be shifted as the height of the Almatti dam will be increased from 519 feet to 524 feet. Over 21,000 families in 20 villages with population of 98,000 will have to be relocated, he added.He also said HUDCO has approved a loan assistance of Rs 500 crore plus they have raised Rs 500 crore through UKP bonds to take up R&R; (Relief &amp; Rehabilitation) work and infrastructure development in the affected area. Karnataka government would seek the \"national project\" status for this project, as it covers over 1 lakh hectares, Bommai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17630980", "title": "Breast cancer camp: 9 detected with lumps", "text": "MUMBAI: Of the 125 women civic employees who volunteered for a free breast scan at the two-day camp at BMC, nine of them were diagnosed with a lump in their breast. One woman was detected with a malignant tumour, while eight others showed symptoms of breast cancer.Though 352 women registered for the camp, only 125 could be tested. Dr Suleiman Merchant, dean of Sion Hospital, said that the cases showing lumps or a cysts needed to be subjected to mammography.He added that all these cases may not mean cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "palampir (himachal pradesh)", "code": "17637298", "title": "Capt Saurabh Kalia's father says no hopes from Pakistan", "text": "PALAMPIR (Himachal Pradesh): The father of the Indian soldier tortured and mutilated in the Kargil conflict has no hopes from the not so sympathetic Pakistan.\"We pin our hopes only on the Supreme Court rather than on Pakistan,\" NK Kalia, 64, told IANS on Sunday.Kalia's comments came after visiting Pakistan interior minister Rehman Malik said it was not clear if a bullet or the weather had led to the death of Capt. Saurabh Kalia.The young Kalia's mutilated body was handed over to Indian authorities by Pakistani soldiers during the 1999 Kargil conflict.Malik later said he would have the matter investigated in Pakistan.\"His remark (on looking into the matter) is just a political gimmick,\" said father Kalia, who retired as a senior scientist from the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research and lives here.\"If he (Malik) is a man of words, we expect he will order a probe soon after reaching back and bring to justice the perpetrators of the heinous crime,\" Kalia added.Expressing surprise over Malik's remark that India had never taken up the issue with his government, Kaliasaid: \"It's a totally false assertion.\"I have gathered information through Right to Information (RTI) Act that the (Indian) government conveyed its anguish and anger to the foreign minister of Pakistan during his visit to Delhi June 12, 1999, but Malik's feigning ignorance is shocking.\"He said the Indian foreign ministry handed an aide-memoire to Pakistan three days later.\"I don't think Pakistan will ever try the accused. For this we (India) have to build pressure on Pakistan through diplomatic channels, otherwise we do not hope that justice will be done,\" he said.The aggrieved father said no Pakistani official had ever tried to contact him since the incident occurred.\"Pakistani functionaries say something and do something else. They also more influenced by internal politics rather than the plight of a father losing his son who did not even live long enough to receive his first pay packet,\" an emotional Kalia added.Kalia has approached the Supreme Court with a plea that the government should refer the case to the International Court of Justice (ICJ).Supreme Court Judges RM Lodha and Anil R. Dave Friday gave the central government 10 weeks to respond.Capt. Kalia was posted on the icy heights of Kargil in Jammu and Kashmir after he got commissioned into the 4 Jat regiment.In May 1999, he along with five soldiers - Arjun Ram, Bhanwar Lal Bagaria, Bhika Ram, Moola Ram and Naresh Singh - was on a patrol of the Bajrang Post in Kaksar sector in Indian territory when they were seized by Pakistani troops masquerading as the mujahideen.They were tortured for weeks before being killed. Their mutilated bodies were handed over to India June 9, 1999.The autopsy report of the captain and the other soldiers revealed extreme brutality.There were marks of burns with cigarettes, the ear drums had been pierced with hot rods, and limbs and private organs chopped off, and then the soldiers were shot dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17632240", "title": "One dies, another hurt in Dona Paula accident", "text": "PANAJI: Ryan Pereira, 16, a resident of Goa Velha, died on the way to the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, after he was seriously injured in a fatal accident at Miramar near the Goa science centre on Saturday.Police sources said that Pereira and Vikas Paswan, 16, a resident of Chimbel were proceeding towards Panaji from Dona Paula on a motorcycle, when they were banged from behind by a bus proceeding in the same direction at around 6.15pm.Police sources said that after dashing into the motorcycle, the bus pushed the bike for at least 25m from the accident spot.\"While Pereira was being shifted to GMC, he succumbed to his injuries. Paswan is undergoing treatment at GMC,\" said police sources.Police have registered the case under Section 279, 338 and 304 of IPC and the bus driver is being called to the police station for an inquiry. \"An investigation is in progress,\" said police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633381", "title": "Jalebis in Japan", "text": "CHENNAI: She talks about garam garam jalebis with a foodie's passion and handles her sari with ease. When you meet her, it is difficult to believe that the woman sitting across the table is actually Japanese. Kaoru Katori is clad in a green sari, with a mangalsutra round her neck and a red bindi adorning her forehead.\"I always wear a sari when I cook Indian food as a mark of respect,\" says Katori, who is back after a pickle-making session with an Andhra family in Chennai. \"I am familiar with Tamil, Kerala and Udipi cuisine but not Andhra cuisine ,\" says Katori, who plans to bring out a book on south Indian cuisine.The 50-year-old , who calls herself a specialist/ researcher of Indian spice cuisine, has been running the Kitchen Studio Paisley Culinary School in Tokyo for the last 20 years. \"I first tasted home cooked Indian food in Bhubaneswar,\" says Katori, who came down to India in 1985 as a volunteer. \"It was just subzi and rice but I was struck by the taste. Then, in Japan, Indian restaurants served only tandoori food, and Japanese people thought Indian cuisine means just Punjabi food.\"She was so smitten by the various dishes that when she went back to Japan, she began working after office hours in an Indian restaurant. \"I learnt to knead the dough, make pooris and simple vegetarian dishes ,\" says Katori.Six months later, she was back in India. \"I was a contract worker so I would work for a few months and then come to India. As I had several friends here, I would travel to various parts of the country and sample the cuisine,\" says Katori, who signed up for Hindi and Odissi dance classes in Tokyo.It was her Hindi teacher who urged her to start teaching. \"I invited him home and cooked many varieties of Indian food,\" says Katori. \"He advised me to begin taking classes in Japan.\" According to her, the Japanese like Indian food though with less chilli. \"We have our own version of the curry and our miso soup is similar to sambar,\" she says.Since the 1990s also saw the ethnic food boom in Japan, her classes had many takers. \"I started by teaching friends but slowly more people signed up,\" says Katori. Her school has various courses \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the beginner's course, vegetables and beans course, party items course and a master course.\"The beginner's course teaches you how to use spices as well as vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes, samosa, chapatti and poori,\" she says. The one-year master course is for people who want to become professional chefs and all classes are taken by Katori herself. \"Earlier, I had problems teaching south Indian cuisine as we don't get curry leaves in Japan,\" says Katori, who then planted some in her own kitchen garden. \"Now I have a course on south Indian cuisine,\" she says. Now she has more than 1,700 registered students.According to her, there is a growing interest in south Indian food in Japan. \"The Japanese are very health conscious so there is a lot of interest in the Ayurvedic concept of eating for various body types,\" says Katori . \"While north Indian food is well-known , south Indian cuisine has become popular in the last few years,\" she says. \"People love dosa, sambar and poriyal.\"Katori, who has written several cookbooks on Indian cuisine , began conducting gourmet tours of India nine years ago. Every year, she takes about 20 people on a week-long trip covering Delhi, Agra and Jaipur. \"I expose them to a variety of cuisine \u00e2\u20ac\u201d garam jalebis on the road, aloo chaat, a south Indian restaurant and Bengali tiffin,\" she says. She sometimes takes clients to Kerala, travelling to Kochi, Thiruvananthapuram, Alapuzha, treating them to a traditional sadya as well as mutton stew, payasam and the famous Kerala parotta.For the last one year, she has been researching Chettinad cuisine. Last year, along with her Chennai-based friend Akemi Y Purushotham Katori visited Kanadukathan village in Chettinad. \"Visalakshi Ramaswamy of M. Rm. Rm. Cultural Foundation in Chennai arranged for us to attend a relative's engagement ceremony. We went there at 5 am and watched they prepared food for 200 people,\" she says.Her energies, right now, are focused on bringing out her south Indian cookbook. \"I want to put together the cuisine of all four states,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633177", "title": "Dealers can register papers online", "text": "CHANDIGARH: E-registration module for commercial taxes was launched on Friday by Department of Excise &amp; Taxation Department and Society for Promotion of IT in Chandigarh (SPIC) under the aegis of Department of IT, under national e-governance plan.E-registration will be online for dealers. Now a dealer can submit all the required information and submit documents electronically for the new registration through website. After submitting the file electronically, the file will go to the particular taxation inspector (TI) of that ward and he will check all the documents and forward it to ETO electronically. Once ETO approves the file, the dealer will get TIN number along with password through e-mail.SPIC has developed this integrated application in-house which is web-based. It will reduce official-dealer interface, minimize response time, offer faster service delivery, check transaction cost and bring about more transparency and accountability. It will help online application for registration, its quick processing, submission of online response by dealers and its receipt and facilitate in tracking the status of the application over internet. After the launch of e-registration module, return and form utilization modules will also be launched once the testing and quality check are completed. As an executing agency, SPIC is carrying out recruitment of manpower and will procure the hardware and software for the implementation of this project.Secretary, Excise &amp; Taxation, UT, V K Singh said, \"The system intends to transform key processes leading to improved service delivery and build capacities among all the stakeholders to enable people delivering the services to perform better. While doing so, it adopts a service-oriented approach.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17632363", "title": "University of Agricultural Sciences encourages women to become agri-entreprenuers", "text": "HUBLI: The University of Agricultural Sciences, Dharwad, has initiated a training programme to encourage rural women to take up sustainable income generating agricultural activities.Experts and four associate scientists from UAS have taken up 28 villages in four districts of Gadag, Dharwad, Uttar Kannada and Belgaum to impart training to rural women under the theme of 'Sustainable Income Generating Agricultural Activities'. The programme will motivate rural women to take up agricultural entrepreneurship and also provide technical inputs on potential areas in the agricultural sector suitable for commercial exploitation.The experts will train them on sustainable dairy farming through increased production of milk in dairies, producing vermicompost, growing vegetables at home with the help of organic farming, and also how to pack and label their products. Training will also be imparted on how to prepare vegetable pickles, using vegetables grown in their fields. They are also getting trained in making herbal products using gooseberry and soapberries.Speaking to TOI, Suma Hasalkar, project investigator, said they had completed training in 17 villages of the 28. Training will begin in the remaining villages in December and January. Twenty five interested women are chosen from each village for the government-funded training.Experts from UAS are organizing seven-day training camps in these villages to educate the villagers on various aspects of agri-entrepreneurship and providing them information on the various facilities available from the government.Geeta C, staff of the UAS, said many rural women were already managing their own dairy and the university was only interested in teaching them scientific methods for better yield.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17631056", "title": "Nande to be chargesheeted next week", "text": "PUNE: The prosecution in the Taljai Pathar building collapse case has told a sessions court that it will file a chargesheet against former Congress corporator Sanjay Nande next week. Eleven people were killed and equal number of people were injured when an under-construction three-storey building caved in at Taljai Pathar near Dhankawdi on September 24. Nande, who was allegedly building the structure, was arrested a day after.A magisterial court had rejected Nande's second bail plea on the grounds that the police had not filed a chargesheet within 60 days as per section 167 (2) of the Criminal Procedure Code on November 30. His first bail plea was earlier rejected by a sessions court.Nande's lawyer Subhash Hulyalkar had filed a criminal plea before a sessions court. He pleaded for setting aside the magisterial court order as he was entitled for bail because the Sahakarnagar police had not filed a chargesheet within 60 days.The criminal plea came up for final hearing before additional sessions judge Prachi Kulkarni on Friday.Opposing Nande's plea, additional public prosecutor Shashikant Jagtap said the police have recorded statements of 49 witnesses including labourers, residents of Taljai Pathar and suppliers of building materials to prove that Nande was constructing the illegal building.Jagtap said the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) had issued a notice to Nande under section 478 (1) of the Bombay Provisional Municipal Corporation Act before the building had collapsed.\"Nande had hurriedly tried to complete the construction work during the Ganesh festival as the PMC had suspended the drive of taking action against illegal construction. He was aware of the consequences that constructing the building illegally may put the labourers at risk. Nande will be chargesheeted under section 304 (part 1) of the Indian Penal Code next week,\" Jagtap added.After hearing both sides, judge Kulkarni rejected Nande's plea.The Sahakarnagar police had filed a case against Nande and Lahuji alias Dhirendra Bapu Sawant under sections 304, 337 and 338 (causing hurt and endangering the lives of others) of the IPC and section 52 (penalty for unauthorized development) of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act.The PMC on September 24 registered a complaint against Nande and Sawant as they partly owned the land at Saiduttanagar Colony where the building had come up. The three-storey building was among the 2,300 illegal properties identified by the PMC. A notice was issued to Nande and Sawant on September 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17630623", "title": "246 stars go under the HIL hammer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first-ever Hockey India League auction will take place here on Sunday. A total of 246 players will go under the hammer in 13 base-price categories ranging from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 15 lakh.Indian captain Sardar Singh and drag-flicker Sandeep Singh will be the top draws at the auction commanding the highest base price of Rs 15 lakh.Australian captain Jamie Dwyer, his compatriot Glenn Turner, Germans Maritz Fuertse and Oliver Korn (Germany), Mohammad Imran and Mahmood Rashid of Pakistan and Pol Amat (Spain) have been clubbed in the base price category of Rs 13.5 lakh. The Netherland's Taeke Taekema and Teun de Nooijer are also in the same bracket.Ahead of the auction, HIL revealed that FIH World Player of the Year De Nooijer will be its third brand ambassador.Dancer to be head coach of Punjab franchiseThe Jaypee Group, owners of Punjab franchise \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Jaypee Punjab Warriors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d also announced the appointment of former Australia coach Barry Dancer as the head coach of the team.Former India player Zafar Iqbal will be joining as an advisor. Former captains Jagbir Singh and Mohammad Riaz are also part of the coaching staff. Ranchi Rhinos will be coached by South African Gregg Clark to be assisted by Olympian Baljit Singh Saini.The inaugural HIL will be streamed live on Hockey India website, which shall enable fans to keep track of the proceedings. The auction will begin at 10 am and the live streaming will be available on hockeyindia.org/hil-auction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633139", "title": "It was flashback to good old student days in GCG", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fifty years have passed since she graduated from college. At 72, Surinder Pal Kaur still feels like the fresh faced student she was decades ago whenever she is around her alma mater. Besides, Surinder's batch was looked up to. She was part of the 1958 batch of the city's first all girls' college, Government College for Women, Sector 11.Her sisters, Ravinder Pal Kaur and Sushma also graduated from the same college in the 60's. Times were different then. \"Once this women's college opened in 1956, we were shifted from the co-educational government college in Sector 11 to this one. We have a special bond with the college,\" says Surinder, who became the second student council president in the 1957-58 session.\"In fact it has been my wish that the college must be called Government College for Women since post graduate courses have also been introduced,\" she says. With the third alumni meet of the college scheduled for December 16, Surinder expresses her happiness at the alumni coming together. Around 700 former students have registered themselves.Besides former students of 1960's and 70's, past principals of the college are also being invited. \"We have started out with this effort but we want to make it big in future,\" says Poonam Baath, vice-president, GCG-11 Alumni Association.College principal and association president Achla Dogra says illustrious college alumni include Kumari Shelja, Poonam Dhillon , Kirron Kher and others on senior bureaucratic positions. Former students whose families have studied in the college down the generations will be part of the event. Among them would be two sisters and a daughter of Nirupma Luthra, a college faculty member, who are college pass outs while she herself was part of the 1978 batch.Yet another faculty member and dean, Anita Kaushal, graduated in 1983, her mother P. Ojha taught in the college while her sister Namita also graduated from the college. Both Anita and Namita were all-rounders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631316", "title": "Essel upgrades grievance redressal system", "text": "NAGPUR: After 18 months of Spanco's lacklustre consumer services, its successor Essel Utilities has started improving the system, which has started showing some results. At present the new consumer grievance redressal mechanisms have been started in some centres but in the coming days all the consumer centres will be covered.A Spanco official said that a major decision taken by the company was to separate the customer from the decision making officer to reduce incidence of incorrect decisions for some consideration or otherwise. This was being implemented by starting front desk system.\"The system has been started at six consumer service centres - Wardhaman Nagar, Manewada, Seminary Hills, Lashkaribagh, Tulsibagh and Sutgirni. Say a person's meter is faulty and he is getting average bill since last two to three months. If he feels that it is on the higher side then he is bound to contact the company. Instead of directly interacting with the officer, who is the decision making authority, he will lodge his complaint with the front desk,\" the official said.\"The front desk will register his complaint and a system generated e-mail will automatically be sent to the decision making officer. After going through the case, the officer will ask the front desk to tell the consumer to come back after a certain time. This will be conveyed to the consumer on his mobile by the front desk staff,\" the official explained.The official further said that the company had also decided to create a system wherein not even a minor breakdown complaint would be attended with it being recorded. \"Even though we have a full fledged call centre many people are not comfortable with registering their complaint with it. They go to our offices and tell the line staff about the breakdown. Thus the fault is rectified without it coming to the knowledge of the company. Unless each and every complaint is recorded we will have problems in preparing a plan for reducing the number of breakdowns,\" he pointed out.Essel has started hotlines at the six centres. If a person comes to register a breakdown complaint he is asked to ring up the call centre using the hotline. A person is available to guide the consumer. This system will be started at the remaining consumer centres soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17632529", "title": "Rajasthan Technical University students seek patents for inventions", "text": "JAIPUR: Students of Rajasthan Technical University are leaving no stone unturned to protect their projects and scientific models from being copied. For the first time, about 25 students and groups from different engineering colleges affiliated to RTU have applied for patents to claim the ownership over their creative and innovative work.A group of students from a private college has qualified for registration and received a unique number for identifying their product. They are only waiting for the final nod from the agency which grants patents.These students have prepared a cycling grinding machine which saves and generate electricity based on the principle of power transmission mechanism. \"When power is generated by paddling, it is transferred to the gear set, then the grinder pulley is rotated at high RPM,\" said Rajat Singhal, who was among the students preparing this project. The team has demonstrated that in a span of 15 minutes, the machine can grind up to 20 kg of grains into wheat and at same time charge a laptop. The patent agency has completed a search and was not able to find a similar machine patented or copyrighted. The machine's biggest USP is its efficient and comfortable way to grind and clean wheat particularly in rural areas where electricity is not available.Patenting a product involves five major processes starting form applying, searching, registration, final report and lastly to providing a patent number.Another student from JECRC College has prepared a spinal support system useful for those who are subjected to stressful work for hours and for those who are disabled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17631272", "title": "Indian School of Mines welcomes IIT tag plan", "text": "DHANBAD: Students and teachers of Indian School of Mines (ISM) here have welcomed the announcement of Union minister of state for human resources development, Shashi Tharoor , that the institute could be converted into an IIT.Tharoor , in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha on Friday, said the Plan panel had recommended that ISM Dhanbad \"may be converted into an IIT while ensuring that its core competency in mining and geology would be central to the institution and would not be diluted\".Students and the faculty had launched a campaign in 2010 for upgrading ISM to an IIT and had submitted memorandum to the Jharkhand governor in 2010.The students had sought support of local MP P N Singh and obtained support of about 200 MPs of both the Houses. The Jharkhand government had also recommended conversion of ISM into an IIT last year. The IIT management council will discuss on January 7 the Planning Commission's recommendation.Last year, the state government had approved allotment of 240 acres of land to ISM for its expansion. Land acquisition process has already been initiated, and in the first phase, ISM will get 174 acres.Admission to ISM is done through a joint entrance tests for other IITs and business schools in the country. Students had submitted their memorandum to Rajya Sabha member Chandan Mitra who had come to ISM to attend the Madan Mohan Malviya lecture series a couple of months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635297", "title": "'Saint Dracula' goes to the Oscars", "text": "Rupesh Paul's 'Saint Dracula 3D' has made it to the list of the 282 Feature Films in Contention for 2012 Best Picture at the 85th Oscars. Two of the songs as well as the background score of the film had also been selected earlier among the entries in contention for nomination for the Best Song and Best Original Soundtrack categories.Saint Dracula 3D will be the only other feature film from India to be included in the category, the second one being Akashathinte Niram by Dr Biju. The other films from India which have found a place in the list are Hare Krishna and Delhi Safari , both animation films. India's official entry, Barfi !, has also made it to the Best Foreign Language category list.The two films will compete alongside films like Paranormal Activity 4, Skyfall, Amazing Spiderman, The Dark Night Rises and The Hobbit . Saint Dracula 3D , which has already been screened at Cannes and American Film Market 2012, will be screened at the upcoming Berlin Film Festival 2013 as well. \"We were disappointed when the best screenplay entries were announced, as we thought that was the best we could hope for. However, we made it to the Best Film category. We are all overjoyed,\" said Rupesh Paul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17633739", "title": "Baby leopard found abandoned at tea plantation in Valparai", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a shocking incident, a baby leopard deserted by mother within days of its birth was found battling for life inside a tea plantation in Valparai on Saturday morning and it was there for the last three days devoid of any food or water. Though aware of its presence in the Gajamudi estate since it was abandoned by the mother on Wednesday, authorities of Anamalai Tiger Reserve (ATR) to which Valaparai belongs done nothing to save the leopard cub till late on Saturday evening and failed even to ensure it any feed or fluid.Other than posting two anti-poaching watchers to guard the cub, ATR authorities done nothing and even failed to ensure presence of a veterinarian. They even attempted to hide the news from media and general public but TOI managed to access the cub on getting information from some reliable sources in the department.Though he was camping in the area as part of a drive to prevent wild elephants entering human habitats, Pollachi DFO P Velusamy or other senior officers of the reserve failed to find time to reach the spot. When contacted, ATR field director Rajeev Srivasthava said the officials will wait till Saturday morning to allow the mother to return and take back the cub. If the mother not returns, it would be taken elsewhere by the department for hand-rearing, he said.According to department sources, a leopard had given birth to two cubs hardly a week ago after straying into Gajamudi estate which bordering the forests. On Wednesday, the mother left Gajamudi with her one cub and left the other one amidst the tea bushes. ``Estate workers had informed forest officials instantly. ATR authorities soon posted two watchers there. But the abandoned cub was left without food or water and not even a veterinarian was summoned to check its condition,'' alleges V Pradeep, who runs a home stay in Valparai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17632880", "title": "Alumnus helps IIT-K realise NY office dream", "text": "KANPUR: The Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur (IIT-K) on Saturday announced plan to establish an overseas office headquartered in New York, USA. The office space has been provided to the institute by alumnus Sanjiv Khosla (a Computer Science 1986 pass-out), rent-free for five years and with possibility of extension. The office is located on 62, William Street adjacent to Wall Street in the financial district. It was a long felt need to establish an overseas office of IIT-Kanpur in US.The institute authorities informed that the establishment of the overseas office will play a key role to help it accomplish several goals, first and foremost being hiring faculty. The New York office will be involved full-fledged with appointing faculty to meet the needs of the institute and will help reach out to potential faculty. Nearly 60% of the faculty in IIT-Kanpur comes from North America so it was important to have an office there.The overseas office will also assist in fund raising.With the help of the New York office, the institute hopes to strengthen and broaden collaborations with several US-based industries like Boeing , Chevron, etc. The overseas office will also be helpful in the student exchange programmes IIT-Kanpur runs with several universities around the world.The NYC office will also play a major role in establishing links with universities and industries across North America and help arrange internships and jobs for students. This networking role will be an important one for the office to connect students to career growth opportunities in North America and also to other office locations based therein.Another important role of NYC office would be On-site Tech Accelerator. The on-site tech accelerator will help connect potential projects and programmes in North America with students at the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632242", "title": "Dad kills teen over dinner insult", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man shot his 18-year-old son dead in Rohini Sector 18 on Saturday for something as trivial as having been denied his \"full share of dinner\", and later tried to make it appear as suicide. He was later arrested.The victim, Subham Aggarwal, was a first-year computer engineering student at HRM Institute of Technology in Alipur. He was sleeping in his room when he was shot; his two sisters-Swati and Poonam- and mother Saroj were sleeping in another room in their DDA apartment. Subhash Aggarwal (58) first locked the door of the room the three women were sleeping in and then shot his son with his licensed double barrel shotgun.After killing him, Subhash apparently raised an alarm that his son had committed suicide with a screwdriver. \"I was amazed to see that he never tried taking Subham to the hospital. When I suggested that we call the cops, he was angry,\" said M L Sharma, a neighbour.\"We received two PCR calls around 1am. When our team reached there, we found a firearm injury on the upper abdomen and a large amount of blood. A double barrel gun was found lying under the quilt. We seized it and sent it for forensic examination. Subhash claimed his son had committed suicide. We questioned Poonam and lodged a murder case on her statement,\" said DCP (outer) B S Jaiswal.Subhash, a police source said, felt humiliated when he was denied his full share of dinner and was even taunted by his daughters to earn his living and give up drinking.\"Poonam said that her father was an alcoholic and did not do anything for a living. He often picked up quarrels with his family members over petty issues. We confronted Subhash who eventually gave in to the pressure and confessed to his crime. He said he had suffered heavy losses in his businesses and couldn't earn a living. As a result of this, his children used to allegedly ill-treat him and even beat him up,\" said DCP Jaiswal.On Friday night, Shubham happened to see his father eating around 10pm and made a big fuss over it. \"He said he was incensed by this and resolved to eliminate his son,\" Jaiswal added.Neighbours and friends, though, denied Subhash's version. \"He always abused people. He never helped his son with his studies even though he was a school topper. He was not worried that Poonam had been forced to work in a private company in Gurgaon and then take up tuition classes to keep the family afloat; Swati, too, took up work at a beauty parlour. Instead, he hassled everyone with his demands for money,\" said Manish Goel, a family friend.Subhash had dropped out of school in Class VIII. He belonged to Panipat, but came over to Delhi in 1987. He set up the Aggarwal Sweet Shop in I Block, Patel Nagar. The shop was sealed by DDA in 1992. Thereafter, he settled in Sec-18, Rohini. He then tried his hand at real estate, but failed and suffered losses. He took to drinking and became more and more difficult as a person.\"He had fallen into bad company and lost his business. After 1992, he never had a job. It was left to the four girls and the boy to earn. They have had a tough life,\" said another family friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635880", "title": "Hudson not fussy about make-up", "text": "Like mother, like daughter - actress Kate Hudson says she is a no-fuss woman when it comes to make-up and reveals she does not spend too much time in front of the mirror.She says she is similar to her mother, veteran actress Goldie Hawn , in this context.\"I just remember seeing her put on makeup fast, and without a mirror, in a car,\" Hudson told The Huffington Post , reports usmagazine.com.\"My mom's no-fuss... I've never been a crazy makeup, spend-two-hours-in-front-of-the-mirror kind of girl. I've never been fussy. I have moments when I get girly if I'm going out with my friends , but I'm about five to 15 minutes in the mirror,\" she added.The blonde beauty says she has a laid-back skincare routine.\"In my 20s, I probably wasn't very nice to my skin,\" Hudson admitted. \"As I got into my late 20s, I was like, 'Oh, I should probably stay out of the sun. I should probably start doing some kinds of masks and getting more facials',\" she said.Over time, that changed.\"I realized my skin does not like to be stimulated. I'm a soap-and-water girl, pretty much. I'll use a gentle cleanser, and I don't do any crazy serums. I just do a little moisturizer and a little eye cream. Obviously you've got to drink water and sleep -- that's the hard part,\" Hudson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17634507", "title": "Sumanth Shailendra Babu's ready for his next", "text": "His debut flick Aata failed to set the cash registers ringing. But Sumanth Shailendra, son of filmmaker Shailendra Babu has taken the failure in his stride and is now poised for a fresh innings. The star kid is back with his second outing and the film will go on the floors on December 17. Titled Dilwala, Sumanth will be seen romancing Radhika Pandit in this mass love story. Quiz him about Aata turning out to be a damp squib and Sumanth concedes that they did go wrong with the script, a fact also endorsed by his father. \"Which is why I waited for a year for a good script to come my way rather than accept another lacklustre subject,\" he says. Apparently, Shailrendra Babu was keen on doing a remake for Sumanth, but when the script of Dilwala was given to them, the father-son duo was floored by it. \"It's a straight subject and since Anil has helmed films like Shakthi that starred Malashri, I'm sure he'll do full justice to Dilwala which also features heavyduty stunts,\" says Sumanth adding that they have been working on the storyline for the past four months. \"This time we don't want to go wrong with out calculations and are keen on making it a sureshot hit. I want to be a star now,\" asserts Sumanth. Dilwala also stars Rangayana Raghu, Sadhu Kokila, Ravishanker and Bullet Prakash, while Arjun Janya has been pencilled in to score the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17630883", "title": "US researchers to revive Bangalore's lakes", "text": "BANGALORE: Guess who is interested in reviving Bangalore's once-beautiful lakes? Researchers from the US- from Sherwood Institute and environmental engineering firm Carollo Engineers - have come forward to improve seven lakes that are linked via Koramangala valley. Miss Earth 2010-11 Nicole Faria is the ambassador for the project. Bangalore-based Invicus Engineering headed by urban expert Vivek Menon signed an MoU with the BDA in this regard a month ago. Sherwood Institute that was founded to change the way we use our water and energy through sustainable innovative solutions is also a signatory.The project covers reviving connecting lakes such as Agaram, Bellandur, Varthur, Madiwala, Devarabisalahalli, Doddanekkundi lakes. This will take care of a fifth of Bangalore's stormwater drains too.Segregating the sewage lines form the stormwater drains is one major task. \"We plan a parallel channel where sewage can flow. Here we can grow ecologically sensitive plants that absorb the sewage. In West, there have been experiments on extracting bio-fuel from such plants,\" said Menon.Sherwood Institute board member Michel St Pierre was in Bangalore two months ago and visited the lakes. \"With the city's rapid development and lack of public action to protect the natural resources of the city, today less than a third of the lakes remain. There is pollution from human and industrial waste and land filling has occurred through illegal dumping and development,\" Pierre wrote in the institute website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631516", "title": "Over 2K litigants saved from legal hassles, thanks to mediation", "text": "NAGPUR: This year, around 1,060 pending matters were disposed off through mediation in the Nagpur district freeing more than 2,000 litigants from the daily rush to the courts and the complex procedural trials. With almost 115 trained mediators, the Nagpur district is showing increasing success in settling disputes by alternate dispute resolution (ADR) mechanisms like mediation rather than the lengthy traditional judicial method of litigation.Currently, mediation has a 24% success rate in the district but it is showing tremendous improvement. District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) secretary, Kishor Jaiswal remarked, \"More than thousand cases are being settled by ADR and this number is expected to rise with the efforts of DLSA to generate awareness about ADR.\"\"Rigorous training is being imparted to the mediators by judges, judicial officers and senior advocates with more than 15 years of experience to familiarize them with this process. Even non legal professionals like chartered accountants are being trained and to take the full benefit of their expertise, the mediators are allotted case as per their know-how,\" added Jaiswal.It is a well-known fact that mediation helps to reduce pendency in courts and frees it for more important matters. If either of the parties is willing, then the court can refer the matter for settlement through mediation. And in cases where the court can see scope for settlement, then even in a 'no-consent' situation by both parties, the court can force them for settlement.\"The aim of mediation is amicable settlement for both the parties where the parties are presented with various options that results in a 'win-win' situation for everyone rather than a 'win-lose' situation as seen in litigations where one party faces defeat,\" commented Jaiswal. However mediation can't be a cent per cent success story as sometimes, the ego of the parties doesn't allow them to settle in for a compromise or they are too adamant. Trust on the mediator is also essential for mediation.Delhi has seen the highest success rate, followed by Karnataka and Maharashtra occupies the third spot. But, pre-litigation mediation is unavailable in India and only pending cases in courts are referred for mediation. This is unlike USA where pre-litigation settlement is the norm due to the less procedural rigour and user friendly approach.In USA, one can consider ADR as a misnomer as a full fledge trial has become more of an alternative. \"Rules are being framed in India which may include pre-litigation mediation too,\" noted Jaiswal. Nevertheless, mediation is an efficacious mechanism and has the capacity to solve multiple disputes, pending in different courts, between the same two parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17631496", "title": "Tax defaulters dodge notices", "text": "KOLKATA: The 'red alert' that the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) had sounded a few days back appears to have fallen on deaf ears with property tax defaulters making little efforts to arrest the free-fall of the civic body's dwindling revenue. It is learnt that the revenue department bosses have seen no significant rise in the collection of property tax over the last few days.In last six days, the KMC assessment collection department has issued 25 notices to major property tax defaulters asking them to clear the dues within a week. Majority of these notices were sent to the owners of commercial establishments, each of them owing the civic body Rs 50 lakh or more. But most of them went unanswered.In fact, the KMC authorities had given a green signal to the revenue department to take stern action against the habitual defaulters. Using this opportunity, the revenue department had pasted posters on the buildings of the commercial establishments, but that failed to have the desired effect.Instead, some of them have already contacted heavyweight Trinamool leaders to put pressure on the civic administration, which is bent on augmenting revenue. Trinamool sources said that in a recent meeting, the CM had asked the mayor Sovan Chatterjee why did the civic body fail to raise revenue in the current fiscal year.Pushed to the wall, the KMC officials now want harsh steps to be taken against these defaulters.\"We have sent 25 notices to habitual defaulters. None has responded as yet. Now we want to send distress warrant notices to these defaulters. For that, we need clearance from the civic top brass. If we get it, we can step up the heat on defaulters and finally go for auctioning of these properties to realize our money. But, in the recent past, the mayor and the municipal commissioner had refused to grant permission on several occasions,\" said a KMC assessment department official. \"It is not that we are lagging behind in revenue generation. But we need to generate more revenue since huge amounts are being spent to beautify the city,\" said another official.The assessment department officials felt that the civic body also needed to crack down on habitual defaulters since governor M K Narayanan had questioned the property tax waiver scheme without taking any initiative to punish those who did not avail previous waiver schemes. This year, the KMC collected Rs 305 crore from the scheme. Though 1.62 lakh defaulters have cleared their dues, most of them have dodged the scheme once again. Around 301 major defaulters owe Rs 900 crore to the KMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17632470", "title": "Engineering student drowns in sea", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: An engineering student drowned at Revulapalem beach on Saturday in the district even as two of his friends were rescued by local fishermen on Saturday.The deceased was identified as M Venkatesh Krishnan (19) of Eluru in West Godavari. This is the second incident of student drowning in the sea in the last 15 days.Sources said the three friends, all second year BTech students of Sri Prakash Engineering College, had gone to the Revulapalem beach in S Rayavaram mandal. The trio went far away from crowded part of beach and entered into the waters. While playing, they got swept deep into the sea didnt come back. Seeing them, a group of fishermen ventured into the sea to rescue them but were able to save only two students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17632990", "title": "Amruta Akolkar's mother claims she SMSed her twice the day she went missing", "text": "AURANGABAD: Shobha Akolkar, mother of missing woman constable Amruta Akolkar, on Saturday said her daughter had SMSed her twice on Wednesday, the day she went missing. While one said she should not look for her, the other said that 'everybody has troubled me'.Amruta has been missing since Wednesday afternoon. Highly placed police officials said a team comprising senior crime branch officials had rushed to Nagpur on Saturday, after receiving some clues about her whereabouts.Her mother also claimed that she got to know about her disappearance when assistant commissioner of police Sandeep Bhajibhakre called her, inquiring about Amruta.\"On Wednesday, around noon, Amruta went to drop her daughter to school. Around 2.30 pm, I received a call from Bhajibhakre, who first asked me the whereabouts of Amruta. I told him she had gone to drop her daughter to school and had not returned home. Bhajibhakre then said that he had received a call from Amruta telling him to take care of her ailing mother and six-year-old daughter and 'she was going somewhere to do something about her life',\" she said.\"It was because of the phone call from Bhajibhakre that I learned that my daughter is missing. When I tried to contact her, she replied via a text message at 2.27 pm on Wednesday and stated, 'Mother do not try to search for me, you were troubled because of me', then the next and the last message I received was at 4.47 pm the same day which stated, 'everybody has troubled me'. Both the messages were received from the same number,\" added Akolkar.When contacted, Bhajibhakre said, \"We are open to investigation into any kind of allegations made against us.\"Three assistant commissioners of police - Bhajibhakre, K S Bahure and Naresh Meghrajani - and suspended policeman Lahu Gatkal and his brother Ankush Gatkal would be responsible if anything happened to her daughter, said Akolkar.Bahure could not be reached for comments, while Meghrajani refused to comment.Akolkar claimed that after news about Amruta going missing appeared on Thursday, Gatkal called her at 10.41 pm on Thursday. \"He said if I mentioned his or his brother's name to the police, for their alleged harassment to my daughter or named them for her disappearance, he would ruin my family,\" she said.According to her, matters became worse after Amruta approached the Maharashtra State Women's Commission a few months ago with a complaint about sexual harassment by senior policemen. She also claimed that her daughter was suspended for about five months for no reason and was reinstated by the police department without giving any clarification or any reason.A senior crime branch official said, \"If she continues to remain missing, then questions will be raised against all those she had complained against.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633128", "title": "Husband booked for murder", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 19-year-old woman was found murdered in her home in Mauli Complex, Manimajra, on Saturday. She has been identified as Pinki, wife of Vikram Kumar from Jind in Haryana, whom police suspect to be the prime accused. An FIR against him has been registered on the statement of Pinki's mother, Dhaynwati.The crime came to light when Dhaynwati opened a locked room in their house and found Pinki's body. Police said apparently Vikram murdered his wife by strangulating her with a dupatta. Police said the exact motive behind the murder can not be ascertained, but kin of victim claimed that Vikram was suspicious about her character.The couple had moved to Manimajra a fortnight ago. DSP (east) Vijay Kumar said a raiding party has been sent to Vikram's native village in Jind, Haryana. The body was kept in the mortuary of GMH-16 for postmortem, which would be conducted on Sunday. A case of murder was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633409", "title": "Jaya moots a global arts fest", "text": "CHENNAI: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday urged music organisations here to extend the scope of the annual December cultural festival to cover a global arena. She also offered her support for it. \"The December season of Chennai has all the features that qualifies it to become a world music and dance festival. I suggest that you sit together and plan for a December global arts festival at Chennai. You can count on me for my help and support,\" said the chief minister, after inaugurating Music Academy's 86th annual conference and concerts.The annual season, also called the Margazhi festival, has become a major draw for art lovers across the world. \"Musicians and dancers perform , giving their best before thousands of appreciative rasikas including foreigners,\" said Jayalalithaa, once a film actor and a trained Bharatanatyam dancer. She released a souvenir and journal, and honoured vocalist Trichur V Ramachandran , the recipient of this year's Sangeetha Kalanidhi title from the Academy.The December season sees nearly 2,000 classical music and dance concerts organised by various sabhas or traditional music organisations. They mostly run on donations, corporate sponsorship and the patronage of members.The CM said Carnatic music , which evolved in the last 2,000 years, is the best example of south India's rich musical tradition. But the roots of Carnatic came from 'panns' , a melodic mode of the ancient Tamils. \"The 'panngal' were the medium through which devotees and sages expressed their emotions from the mundane to the transcendent,\" she said. History shows that texts like 'Tholkappiam' from 300 BC talks about nuances in music.This tradition was enriched by Vashnavaite and Saivaite saints and famed composers like Tyagaraja, Muthuswami Dikshitar and Shyama Sastri. She said the Academy played a historic role in nurturing and popularising classical arts. \"The history of the Music Academy is, in fact, closely connected to the growth of the Carnatic music movement in south India,\" she said.N Murali, president of Academy, said the organisation has signed a memorandum of understanding with Tumkur University for academic recognition . It also has tie-ups with Singapore Indian Fine Arts Society and Kalakruti School of Music in Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633514", "title": "Yeh dil manga more", "text": "As a marker of the popularity of a foreign TV show in India, you probably can't do better than the said country's national head using the names of its characters to appeal for greater cultural ties. But that's what happened a year ago when Japanese prime minister Yoshihiko Noda , on a visit to India, invoked Doraemon and Ninja Hattori \u00e2\u20ac\u201d two immensely popular characters from Japanese manga series that have been dubbed into Hindi and are aired on Indian children's channels \u00e2\u20ac\u201d during a speech.Doraemon is a robo-cat from the 22nd century who comes to the past to help a pre-teen boy, Nobita Nori. Nobita, who is as well-known a character to urban Indian children today as animated Krishna and Hanuman and even Superman, is a rather spineless boy who's always getting into trouble because of his efforts to cut corners, or is being bullied at school. Doraemon is wiser, and comes with a seemingly unending treasure-trove of cool gadgets, which he draws from a secret pocket to help the hapless Nobita.For six-year-old Ananya Ahmed, Doraemon is the go-to show for the (extendable) hour of television she is allowed to watch on any given day. She used to be a fan of shows like Tom &amp; Jerry but finds it too childish now; at one point, she would avidly watch MAD on Pogo, but that's also passe . Not only does she watch Doraemon obsessively, she badgers her parents into buying her Doraemon merchandise like stickers , bags, pencil boxes, pens and figurines . \"I like that Doraemon gets gadgets which are very cool. Nobita tells lies and does bad things but Doraemon saves him. Doraemon is frightened of rats, which is very funny ,\" is her expert \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and accurate \u00e2\u20ac\u201d summation of the show. In her Bangalore apartment complex, Doraemon theme parties have overtaken Chhota Bheem parties in popularity . Recently, at one of her friends' birthday parties, the cake was shaped like the cuddly robotic cat.TAM ratings from April 2012 reveal Doraemon was leading kids programming on Indian TV with an average TVR of 0.56, while Pogo's Chhota Bheem was at No 2 at that time with an average TVR of 0.48. The movie Doraemon In Nobita And The Steel Troops rated 4.4 (TAM ratings for 4-14 age group for Sunday, May 6, 2012), making it the highestrated movie on a kids' TV channel for the period in question. Doraemon is far and away the most viewed show on Disney, which airs it for an average of four to six hours every day. Sister channel Hungama, which also telecasts other Japanese shows Shin-Chan , Luckyman and Chimpui , devotes an average of two hours of programming every day to Doraemon . While other imported Japanese shows such as Ninja Hattori , Shin-Chan and Hagemaru don't quite enjoy the stupendous popularity of Doraemon, they are still more popular than many homegrown series on Indian kids' television or Western shows.\"One reason could be that Japan is culturally closer to India than the West, and these shows highlight some of the values that are drilled into Indian children \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the importance of hard work, the need to finish homework on time, respect for and care of the elderly and so on,\" reasons Aparna Sharma, a 35-yearold mother of two children aged 8 and 5, both of whom are fans of these shows.\"Doraemon has a universal appeal across kids and their families. The show focuses on concepts that an Indian kid can relate to, such as friendships, listening to parents, school and playtime. Even something as basic as school uniforms are extremely relatable,\" agrees Arnab Chaudhuri, chief creative officer , kids network, Disney UTV.For Mumbai-based Kiran Manral , author of the book The Reluctant Detective and a popular blogger who often writes about bringing up her nine-year-old son Krish, the shows \u00e2\u20ac\u201d though mostly set in 1980s Japan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d represent a reality that's closer to that of urban Indian children today than mythological shows and series set in rural India . Most of the characters in these shows live in apartment blocks or row houses, agonise over homework and have problems with their friends and peers, points out Manral.\"Also, these shows are less sanitised than Indian ones, which always have a clear black-and-white image of the world. In these shows, the protagonist is not always a heroic character, and kids are shown talking back to parents ,\" says Manral. \"Now, we may or may not like that, but it's true that this generation of kids is far more direct in its interaction with parents.\"One show that Manral endorses, but which finds little support from other parents, is Shin-Chan , which was well on its way to attaining Doraemon-like popularity but slid down the ratings when complaints against it were filed with the ministry of information and broadcasting . The ministry temporarily banned the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17633509", "title": "Patna admn to set up 5 camps to shield poor from cold", "text": "PATNA: It's hard time for pavement dwellers of the state capital with mercury dipping and the sun playing hide-and-seek these days. Taking their plight into consideration, the district administration is to put up five temporary camps with blankets for them. Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has already started distributing firewood for bonfire at 19 locations in the city.The district administration will also start distributing blankets and firewood in every ward of the PMC on different dates soon as the mercury dips to 10 degree Celsius.Arvind Kumar, ADM (general), said, \"This is the first time that Patna district administration is going to set up such temporary camps for the pavement dwellers. Each camp would accommodate at least 50 persons at a time. We have earmarked five points in Patna - near Rajendra Nagar station, Patna Junction, Jagdeo Path, Mithapur and Bankipore bus stands.\"He said, \"A caretaker would monitor each camp. Only needy persons would be allowed to such camps. The caretaker would keep watch that the blankets are not stolen.\"A PMC official said, \"We have started distributing firewood among pavement dwellers between 7pm to 9.30pm. Each of the locations is getting 25kg of wood daily.Dilip, a worker, said, \"It's very soothing to be around a bonfire in the evening after working whole day at the construction site.\"For Bahadur, Daru, Mukesh and Prakash, all migrant workers from Buxar who spend night on the pavement with nothing but bonfire to protect themselves, the temporary night camps would be a big help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17632462", "title": "Vuda okays slew of works", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The board of the Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority on Saturday approved several projects including the development of dedicated IT towers with plug and play facilities at Vuda's premises in Siripuram, a multi storied parking zone at Ramnagar as well as a hi-tech international exhibition centre at Madhurawada in the city.The meeting, chaired by special officer and principal secretary of the municipal administration and urban development department Sam Bob, approved most of the 53 items on the agenda that are expected to provide a major boost to the Visakhapatnam Metropolitan region .The board also approved the further development of master plan roads at Kommadi, Marikavalasa, Madhurawada, Narasannapeta, Srikakulam and other areas which connect major regions as well as development of indoor stadiums at Srikakulam, Bheemili and Chinamushidiwada.Also approved were a shopping complex at Sector-VII in MVP Colony, roofing of the Gurajada Kalakshetram open auditorium, centralised air-condition facility to Anandagajapathi Auditorium at Vizianagaram and further development of Rao Gopala Rao Auditorium at Anakapalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17633600", "title": "Mount Carmel College girl attempts suicide in hostel", "text": "BANGALORE: Latha Sri, a firstyear BA student of Mount Carmel College allegedly attempted suicide by taking poison on Saturday morning. Around 11.30am, Latha's hostel mates found her slumped unconscious in her room.She was rushed to Mahaveer Jain Hospital on Millers Road. \"The girl was admitted in the ICU and is doing fine,\" hospital authorities said. Her grandfather BK Angadi , who was in the city, rushed to the hospital. He said Latha Sri was on medication . Latha, 19, is a native of Indi taluk in Bijapur district.A source close to Latha said she was unable to cope with her studies. She had failed in her economics exam in the first semester. However, her family claimed she was ailing and had taken an overdose of medicines, resulting in her falling unconscious. \"We are waiting for the doctors to announce her fit to reply to our queries,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17632260", "title": "Cuncolim civic forum meet today", "text": "The Cuncolim Civic and Consumer Forum (CCCF) will have its monthly general meeting of consumers on Sunday at 10.30am at Our Lady of Health high school, Cuncolim. Among the issues to be discussed are National road safety week, full-fledged primary health centre for Cuncolim, violations of packaged commodities rules, cheating on weights and measures and the awareness campaign by the water resources department for registration of wells. Various service-related issues like BSNL phones, electricity, PWD water supply, kerosene supply and senior citizens cards will also be discussed. The consumer forum will continue its monthly dry waste collection to promote segregation of plastic bags and bottles, tetrapaks, used batteries and expired medicines.Children's tiatr festival awards: The awards of the 3rd Children's tiatr festival will be presented to the winners at Gomant Vidya Niketan, Margao, on December 17 at 4pm. Velim MLA and Goa khadi and village industries board chairman Benjamin Silva will be the chief guest for the occasion. Tiatr Academy of Goa had organized its 3rd Children's tiatr festival from December 5 to December 15 at Gomant Vidya Niketan. Ten tiatr troupes performed in the festival.Vipassana meditation course: Goa Vipassana Samiti will organize its South Goa, monthly, 1-day Vipassana meditation course on December 16 from 10am to 4pm at the Jan Ugahi office, Malbhat. It is only for old students who have already learnt the technique in a 10-day Vipassana course, as taught by S N Goenka, in the tradition of Sayagyi U Ba Khin. All courses in this tradition are free of cost. For more information, call on 9850457636, 9420165865, 2738690, 2737167 or 2786767.Book release, CME at GMC: A book titled 'Clinical EEG', authored by Dr C J Vas, consultant neurologist at Goa Medical College (GMC) will be released by health minister Laxmikant Parsekar on December 18, at 3pm, at GMC's library auditorium. 'Clinical EEG', published by Ane books. This will be followed by a guest lecture on 'Clinical neurophysiology' by P Satishchandra, senior neurologist, director and vice-chancellor of NIMHANS at Bangalore. GMC dean Dr V N Jindal and former health ministers Dr Wilfred de Souza and Dr Suresh Amonkar will also be speaking at the function. The lecture has one continuing medical education (CME) credit point. The event will be jointly organized by MEC and the department of neurology at GMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633017", "title": "Kendriya Vidyalaya gives away incentive awards", "text": "Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan organised its regional incentive awards ceremony 2012 at Bhartendu Natya Academy, Gomtinagar on Saturday. The programme felicitated principals, teachers, office staff and sub-staff of the region for their dedicated services in their field. Congratulating the awardees, deputy commissioner AK Vajpayee said KVS is showing continuous progress and there is always room for innovations under CBSE and NCERT. Various cultural programmes were held on the occasion.CSI holds two-day meet: The Lucknow chapter of Computer Society of India (CSI) organised a two-day conference on 'Improving Service Delivery through Information and Communication Technologies - e Gov 2012' on Saturday. Chairman of CSI Lucknow chapter Bharat Bhasker said the need of the hour was technology should be used to provide facilities and services to common people in the remotest areas. CEO, Sahaj e-village Ltd, S Panigrahi said In India, the national e-governance plan provides an impetus for the long-term growth of e-governance within the country. The plan seeks to create the right governance and institutional mechanisms, set up the core infrastructure and policies and to implement a number of mission mode projects at the central, state and integrated service levels to create a citizen-centric and business-centric environment for governance.Christmas celebrations: The annual Christmas celebrations of Children's Academy College, Mall Avenue were inaugurated by Puja Sekera, a social activist and wife of Navneet Sekera, DIG. Suprabhat Ray, former senior deputy director and head, department of medicinal chemistry, was the guest of honour. The function was a medley of interesting events which included rhymes, classical dances, aerobics etc. The nativity play, depicting the birth of Jesus Christ, accompanied by the singing of carols was another attraction of the programme.Lok Adalat postponed: Lok Adalat scheduled to be organised under the aegis of District Legal Service Authority on December 12 has been postponed due to some unavoidable reasons. Now as per the directives of district judge, Lucknow KK Sharma this Lok Adalat will now be held at district court premises Lucknow on December 23 from 11.00 am.IRCTC booking: To make it comfortable for Vaishno Devi pilgrims, the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation has started the booking for its new guest house at Katra. Bookings of the IRCTC guest house are available on the website (www.railtourismindia.com). Pilgrims can book AC rooms, dormitories, family rooms and lounge area. Bookings can also be done at IRCTC, regional office, Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631487", "title": "Justice Sinha to be acting chief justice of HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Senior-most judge of Bombay High Court justice Dilip Sinha has been appointed as acting chief justice of Bombay High Court from December 17 to 23. A notification to this effect was issued on Thursday evening by union law and justice ministry. During the leave period of chief justice of Bombay High Court Mohit Shah, the President in exercise of powers conferred by article 223 of the Constitution of India, has appointed justice Dilip Sinha to perform the duties of the office of the chief justice of the Bombay High Court with effect from December 17 to December 23 (both days inclusive).Born on December 24, 1950, Justice Sinha belongs to a family of lawyers and practiced from 1974 to 1996 at Nagpur bench. He was Government Pleader before his elevation as judge of the high court on April 15, 1996. He has delivered many important judgments and dealt with a large number of matters involving important questions of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635160", "title": "I\u00e2\u20ac\u2122ve had the best scones here!", "text": "If I may say so, I'm a wandering minstrel \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a traveller at heart and also, fortunately, by virtue of my profession .Airports, railway stations, cars, buses, airplanes, boats and ships have become my home. And travelling is incomplete without different cuisines; the food that one gets to savour and sample along the way. I may not look it, but I am a real foodie. I simply revel in having a good breakfast! I have tasted different kinds of breakfasts everywhere, especially in the most quaint places. Last year, I was in Montreal , Canada , and as I was walking down the street, I spotted a sweet little cafe. I had the most delightful breakfast there \u00e2\u20ac\u201d delicious poached eggs with different kinds of breads, fresh juice, olives and a fruit platter to die for. Before this, I had loved the breakfast in New York . I also can't help but remenber the most delightful scones with English tea. I had it in the quaint little town of Yorkshire, England, sitting in a cafe right outside the cathedral! With the cathedral bells resounding and the winter chill all around, the warm scones (best ones I have had), and hot tea made the ambience more lovely. My experieces are endless and I hope I can keep discovering more and more places, along with their flavours, all my life. By the way, I have named my band Sojourn, the journey .(As told to Ismat Tahseen)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17631261", "title": "Airport officials fudging cases of \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcnear-miss\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh recently said 65 'airprox' incidents \u00e2\u20ac\u201d situations where two or more moving aircraft come in proximity of each other \u00e2\u20ac\u201d took place over Indian skies in the past three years. But airprox statistics from Mumbai airport alone are enough to show that the minister's statement has no proximity to the truth.Data culled from air traffic records shows that in 2011, 54 airprox incidents took place at Mumbai airport. Because of error on part of the air traffic controller or the pilots, these aircraft came in proximity with other aircraft and had to abort descent and do a climb (go-around, in aviation parlance) to return for a second attempt at landing. Sources attribute this discrepancy to fudging of data by Airports Authority of India officials to avoid salary cuts.In India, air traffic management is handled by the Airports Authority of India (AAI), a public sector undertaking. \"AAI officials have been fudging airprox data since the past four years or so. One of the prime reasons is that under the existent system, air traffic controllers involved in these incidents stand to lose 50-70% of their take-home salary till the time the investigations are complete,'' said a source. Many other countries do not follow this system. They do not levy financial penalties as the prime objective is to encourage airprox reporting and thus improve safety.AAI defines airprox as a situation \"in which, in the opinion of a pilot or air traffic service personnel, the distance between aircraft as well as their relative positions and speed have been such that the safety of the aircraft involved may have been compromised\". It further goes on to classify airprox incidents into four categories based on the seriousness of the incidents, which is how close the aircraft came to each other.\"But only two out of the 54 airprox incidents reported in Mumbai were investigated as per the norms laid down,'' said a highly placed source. \"So we do not know how many of the remaining 52 can be categorized as serious incidents. Not carrying out a proper investigation means not learning from our mistakes,'' said the official.How does an airprox affect an air traffic controller? Air traffic controllers earn, what is called a \"rating allowance\" and \"stress allowance\". Before 2008, the quantum of these allowances was small. In September 2008, after the boom in aviation led to a rise in flights and increased air traffic congestion over airports, making the job of a controller more stressful, these allowances were increased manifold.So a senior air traffic controller, based in Mumbai, who has all the ratings - in other words, who is qualified to handle all air traffic control jobs -- now earns a monthly \"rating allowance\" of Rs 26,000 and another Rs 26,000 as \"stress allowance\". A junior controller with a basic rating earns an allowance of Rs 4,500 and another Rs 4,500 as stress allowance. (See box)\"Because of increased air traffic congestion, the number of airprox incidents went up. On the other hand, post 2008, the allowances made up for 50-70% of take home salary. An air-traffic controller under investigation for airprox is literally penalized as his rating allowance is discontinued and so the tendency was to ignore these incidents,'' the source added. The second reason is the MoU signed between the ministry of civil aviation and the AAI. The MoU lays down a number of efficiency parameters that AAI has to adhere to. One of them is keeping airprox instances low. \"The target is, not more than 0.8 airprox incidents for every one lakh aircraft movement (one movement is one landing or one take-off). The AAI clearly has resorted to fudging airprox data to keep the numbers low,\" said an official.Aviation minister Ajit Singh said, \"The data was given to me by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA). If it is wrong, I will look into it.'' Arun Mishra, the director-general of civil aviation, said, \"We collect data from our regional offices across the country. We do a preliminary investigation. We investigate further only if needed.\"\"In Mumbai at least, there have been many instances where AAI officials have kept DGCA officials in the dark about airprox incidents,'' said an aviation source. \"Then again, there is an acute shortage of DGCA personnel with many posts vacant, which makes it difficult for the regulatory body to keep up with investigations into the increasing number of airprox incidents,'' the official added.Jayant Dasgupta, general manager, air traffic control, AAI, Mumbai was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17631009", "title": "On paper, RTE successfully implemented in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: Less than a fortnight ago, the state education department had stirred up a hornet's nest when it announced that kindergartens would now come under the purview of Right to Education Act, putting a spanner in their ongoing admission process. Much confusion prevailed followed by a flurry of clarifications from the government asking them to go ahead with their admission process as long as they kept 25 % seats reserved under RTE. The dust may have settled on the issue for now but in the midst of the hullabaloo an intriguing figure surfaced from the school education department's file - as many as 67,000 students across the state had been admitted to schools under RTE's 25 % reservation policy for children from disadvantaged backgrounds.Given that the state had planned to enroll 2.25 lakh students in the first year of RTE's implementation, its projection of 33 % enrolment during the 2011-12 academic year appears to be an impressive figure, given the many hiccups the act's implementation was facing then.Add to that another figure: almost 50 % of the seats kept reserved for students under RTE at 361 schools in Pune have been filled. Supporting the claim is a 12-page list of schools under each ward of the Pune Municipal Corporation, with each school showing remarkable compliance to the RTE Act, one that many had openly opposed tooth and nail.The data provided by Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan shows several schools reporting 50 to even 100 % admissions (as on July 13 2012) to their seats reserved under RTE. Of the 361 schools listed, only 73 have shown zero admissions under RTE with as many as 94 schools reporting 100 % admissions.On paper, the state has clearly scripted a success story on RTE implementation. According to the data provided by the state directorate, Kolhapur division tops the state in its number of admissions followed by Pune and then Nashik. Nagpur and Amravati divisions, as per the data, are the least RTE-friendly.Sreedhar Salunke, director of state education department, who provided the division-wise statistics on the admissions held across the state under RTE's 25 % reservation rule, said that the state was pretty successful in the first year of implementation. \"Of the total number of students who are eligible to take admission under 25 % reservation in the state, the first year managed about 67,000 admissions. Despite little awareness about this RTE rule, I think the percentage of admissions that took place in the state is not bad. The state has managed to take off, and next year onwards a bit more aggressive campaigning will be done to make sure maximum students are benefited,\" Salunke told TOI on Friday.The state can't be faulted for feeling smug with its RTE enrolment data. After all, the figures critique the strong voices that were raised against its poor implementation, starting from its poorly-timed announcements (when the admissions were long over) to ambiguity on the beneficiary profile. A presentation made to principal secretary education by Action for the Rights of the Child indicates the resistance schools put up against taking children under RTE. In their presentation, the rights group listed the experience in Maharashtra, pointing out how many private schools were \"consciously or unintentionally refusing to admit children under the 25% reservations using a variety of means\". It also noted that principals and managements were being \"pressurised to admit ineligible students\". It was for reasons such as these, that the rights body suggesting centralized admissions under RTE. Strangely, the many disabling factors in the effective implementation of RTE do not reflect in the government's enrolment data.The actual statistic possibly lies somewhere between an abysmal enrolment figure and the robust one put out by the government. Senior education activist Jayant Jain, however, found the enrolment figure under the 25 % reservation not really reflective of the actual situation. \"I don't quite believe the figures provided by the state government. They are inflated figures, because, as per my knowledge, only about 200 to 300 admissions were done in Mumbai alone in the 2011-12 academic year under 25 % reservation.\"Activists working in the field of RTE noted that while there is poor awareness among parents, many NGOs did get children admitted to schools under RTE. Nevertheless, they said there is a need to check the veracity of the government's claim, to cross-check with each school if they have indeed admitted students as they have claimed.Until that happens, the state runs the risk of becoming complacent even as many potential beneficiaries of RTE remain unaware of a right that has been fulfilled in government records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17631891", "title": "Parents force another minor into flesh trade", "text": "KOCHI: North Paravoor Police have taken eight persons into custody on Saturday for abusing a minor girl. Police, who have registered a case in this regard, said 10 people - including her step-father - had molested the girl in connivance with her divorced parents. A parade for identifying the accused will be held on Sunday, police said. This is the third such incident registered by the Paravoor police in the recent past.On Thursday night, some auto drivers found her roaming around Ambattukavu in Aluva and informed the police and Childline. She was walking alone. Childline official then took her to the women police cell in Aluva. After collecting primary evidence, police personnel at the cell handed over the case to North Paravoor circle inspector, who registered the case.Later, the girl was shifted to the juvenile home in Kakkanad. \"On questioning, the girl revealed that she had been planning to go to Thathappally, near North Paravoor, to meet a youth whom she claimed to be her lover. She told us that 10 persons, including her step-father, sexually abused her,\" said North Paravoor CI Abdul Salam K A.The girl, who is said to be a plus-two drop out, has been working as a sales girl in a textile shop in Kochi. Police said the girl was forced into flesh trade by her parents and she sexually abused over the past two years.After divorcing his wife, the girl's father remarried two years ago. Soon her mother took a security guard as her partner.The girl used to stay with her mother in Champakkara and visit her father, who lived in Maradu. She was first molested by father friend at Maradu. She claimed that her father received money from his friend.Following this, she tried to commit suicide by jumping off Champakkara Bridge. She informed the policemen that even her lover had abused her several times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17632436", "title": "Task force for welfare of workers soon", "text": "MANGALORE: Soon a task force will be formed to ensure safety of construction workers in Dakshina Kannada district, especially in Mangalore city.The decision came in the wake of increasing number of cases of accidents and deaths of construction workers at under-construction sites. The task force will see that workers, who meet with accidents or kin of those who died, will be compensated adequately.The Karnataka building and other construction workers' welfare board has directed the district labour department to establish the board with the deputy commissioner as its head soon. The board has also directed the department to enroll construction workers from the sites through the task force. It can be recalled that a recent landslip at an under construction building site in the city had left one labourer dead and seven injured.Assistant labour officer D G Nagesh told TOI that a meeting in this regard will be held at the deputy commissioner's office on December 17. \"Deputy commissioner N Prakash will chair the meeting and chalk out plans and prepare guidelines,\" he added. Compensation will be paid to the family members only if the victim is enrolled under the board. Though there are more than 25,000 labourers working in the construction field in the district, only 15,000 have registration. The process of registration will be intensified once the task force is formed, he said.A registered construction labourer or kin will get a compensation of Rs one lakh in case of death due to accident or permanent disability while at work. For the partial disability, the compensation will be Rs 40,000 and Rs 50,000 will be sanctioned for major surgeries and treatments. Women labourers will be paid Rs 6,000 each as maternity allowance for the first two deliveries. Women and men labourers also will be given pension of Rs 500 per month after 50 and 55 years, respectively. Other benefits include financial aid for education, marriage and loan at five per cent interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17633596", "title": "Shed shyness, Srikkanth tells youth", "text": "PATNA: Altogether 23 companies recruited as many as 632 youngsters from the underprivileged section of society at a job fair organized by National Institute for Entrepreneurship and Small Business Development (NIESBUD), MSME, government of India, on J D Women's College campus here on Saturday.Inaugurating the fair, former cricketer and ex-chairman of the Bselection committee, K Srikkanth, advised Bihar youth to shed their shyness to make it big in life. Passion and self-belief were his mantra to achieve success.Aviva offered the highest package of the fair (Rs 18,000) to two persons. \"The company has also offered the same package to 50 more youngsters if they clear the IRDA Insurance Regulatory and Development Agency paper. It has recruited 126 people in all,\" said Nirmalendu Verma, chief coordinator, NIESBUD.Around 2,200 unemployed youth had registered for the interview but only about 1,700 turned up. Other major recruiters included ICICI Prudential (107) offering a pay package of Rs 7,500, TCS (60) with a package of Rs 10,000, Big Bazaar (42), Living Spaces (21), TVS and Whirlpool. Most of the jobseekers were from Patna, Siwan, Muzaffarpur, West Champaran and Bhagalpur.Srikkanth heaped praise on chief minister Nitish Kumar for the 'positive' changes in Bihar. \"Everything is going in the right direction in Bihar,\" he said.The dashing opener of his time told the youngsters to put in their efforts with confidence and not to be arrogant. Recalling his last visit to the state when he had enjoyed a boat ride in the Ganga, Srikkanth said next time he would visit Gaya to perform his father's 'Shraadh'.Industries and disaster management minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha emphasized on organizing more such fairs in future. \"There is no dearth of talent in Bihar. Even if exams are held on moon, Bihar students would go there and compete in the tests,\" she said.The minister stressed on self-employment and lambasted banks for their 'technicalities and formalities' when entrepreneurs approach them to seek loans. \"The government should keep a tab on the banks so that they are not able to harass people who want to start small businesses,\" Kushwaha said.Others present on the occasion included industries secretary Naveen Verma, NIESBUD director-general Arun Kumar Jha, JD Women's College principal Usha Singh and organizing committee members Captain Anju and Shagufta Yasmin.Srikkanth on cricket: Commenting on the controversy in Bihar cricket, Srikkanth said the fight was harming the game and hoped the dispute would be resolved and good cricketers from the state would be nurtured.\"Bihar has got a lot of talent when it comes to cricket and all organizations should unite for the good of cricket and for the children of Bihar who want to become cricketers,\" he said.Srikkanth said Bihar has produced some good cricketers like Syed Saba Karim and Ramesh Saxena and opportunity should be provided to promote more such talent to come forward and shine at national and international level. He, however, refused to comment on the performance of Sachin Tendulkar as well as that of Indian team against England.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17634980", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcI received a warm welcome here\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "He might have made his debut in tinsel town with Madhur Bhandarkar's Dil To Bachcha Hai Ji, but Dhruv Bhandari chose to take a different lane and pursue a career in the Tamil film industry. \"I play a college student in my Tamil debut Pathaayiram Kodi, in which I play the love interest of Madalasa Sharma. It's not a cliched rom com as there is a money angle involved in it. That explains the title of the film. Veteran comedian Vivekh sir has a pivotal role in the film,\" says the actor.Despite not having enough many scenes opposite the ace comedian, Dhruv maintains that he enjoyed working with the expert. \"I keep fleeing from the character he plays and as luck would have it, I end up chasing him. I got a lot of insights from Vivekh sir about the industry and it was fun having him on board. \"Now that his maiden venture is gearing up for release, are more offers coming from the industry? \"Yes, but I have not zeroed in on anything. I have a musical play coming up with choreographer Vaibhavi Merchant, for which I will be touring China for the next two months. I will be looking at my future projects, once I'm back in the country,\" he says, adding, \"I got a wonderful launch and warm welcome in the Tamil film industry. I am accustomed to the way this industry works and I like it here and I am serious about pursuing a career in Kollywood, \"says the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "17631774", "title": "Doctor shortage ails Angul", "text": "ANGUL: Doctor shortage has taken an epidemic form and its sting has Angul district groaning in pain. There are only 11 doctors attending to the daily inflow of 500 patients at the district headquarters hospital. The posts of additional district medical officer, two gynaecologists and one doctor each in orthopaedic, medicine and surgery departments are vacant.While the healthcare system gasp for breathe, there have been no signs of improvement over the years. The hospital is being run from a dilapidated building. And it lacks both in infrastructure and facilities.The patients are huddled into overcrowded wards with most lying on the floor in the 92-bed hospital. While the number of patients have increased manifold, the infrastructure remains the same, in all these years. The locals are demanding more beds and 60 doctors against the sanctioned strength of 34.\"Cases of dengue are rampant but the administration has done little to improve the condition of the district hospital,\" alleged Parsuram Dash, secretary of Yuva Sakti, an organization working for the needy. Despite having raised the issue time and again, the administration has taken no steps to streamline healthcare facilities in the district, he added.Chief district medical officer (CDMO) Bichhanda Chandra Pradhan admitted to the existing problem. \"A new 100-bed ward is being constructed at an estimated cost of Rs 1.5 crore. Besides, the state government has sanctioned another Rs 3.5 crore for development of infrastructure,\" he said.The state of affairs at the nine community health centres (CHCs) and 20 primary health centres (PHC) is no different. As many as 60 doctor posts against the total 133 are lying vacant while most specialist posts in the district have no occupants. Nurses are also in short supply with 134 out of 649 posts vacant. Same is the case with para-medical staff with 31 vacant posts. \"We have apprised the state government about the doctor shortage in the district and hope to see all vacancies filled up soon,\" the CDMO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17632936", "title": "INS Khukri survivor questions Navy's integrity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Forty one years ago on December 16, 1971, Indo-Pak war at eastern theatre changed Asia's geographical map, giving birth to Bangladesh . But the ghost of Indian Navy's frigate - INS Khukri - that was torpedoed by a Pakistani submarine in the course of that battle, continues to haunt the defence department. Over 18 officers and 176 sailors lost their lives when the Khukri went down.And now a petition has been filed before the Punjab and Haryana high court by one of the Khukri survivors, Chanchal Singh Gill, which has raised questions about the integrity of some naval officers who were supposed to save the frigate from the enemies.While driving home his point, the petitioner has contended that there are gross errors in the contents of a chapter titled 'Sinking of the Khukri' in the book 'Triumph to Transition' which is the official history of the Indo-Pak 1971 war. The book is published by the directorate of naval operations.Gill, who was on duty on the night of December 9, 1971 when the Pakistani submarine PNS Hangor hit INS Khukri, says there are glaring anomalies in the official records, which came to his notice in February 2004.According to naval history, INS Khukri sank after it was hit by a single torpedo, even as INS Kirpan manoeuvred to deflect the attack. But Gill claims three torpedoes hit Khukri and, instead of counter attacking, INS Kirpan fled the place.The petitioner has urged for a comprehensive inquiry into the incident by a judicial commission, withdrawal of gallantry awards from those who allegedly showed cowardice (including officers and commanding officer of INS Kirpan) and expose the Navy's huge cover-up after the loss of Khukri and mandatory court martial, which was not done at that time.Gill's petition will come up for hearing on January 28, 2013. In his petition, Gill has also annexed the report of Commander B Bhushan who had submitted a report in January 1972 on Khukri tragedy. \"The report of Commander Bhushan, which was declassified in early 2006, highlights an amazing cover-up by the naval authorities,\" Gill claimed.The petitioner had joined INS Khukri on October 27, 1971. He used to report to the executive officer regarding watertight integrity of the lower decks, propeller shaft and rudderstock, sonar rooms etc.On raking up the issue after four decades, the petitioner said he had been gathering information about it through RTI from the naval headquarters and persons connected to the tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631265", "title": "Pregnant woman ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: A 22-year-old pregnant woman, married to an employee of maintenance department, Military Engineering Services (MES), allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself at their official quarter on Friday evening.Ruby Chavan had informed her husband Popendra about her pregnancy just a week ago. The Chavan couple had tied the knot in Madhya Pradesh around a year-and-half ago.Visibly shocked Popendra denied any dispute with Ruby. \"There was no tension on her face a couple of hours earlier when he had lunch together,\" Popendra said. Ruby too was happy after the self-test pregnancy kit revealed positive report, he said.When Ruby did not respond to his repeated knocking on the front door, Popendra sneaked inside the house through the kitchen window only to find his wife hanging by the ceiling fan. He immediately alerted the neighbours. No suicide note was found. Sitabuldi police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17632977", "title": "Parakeets find new place in zoo", "text": "LUCKNOW: The blue-yellow Macau found a new shelter at Lucknow zoo. From a crammed existence in an old enclosure, the parakeets were shifted to a renovated glass enclosure on Saturday. And the frolicking Macau apparently made it clear that they love the space and the ambience of their new shelter. \"This will make them more visible,\" said Renu Singh, zoo director. Lucknow zoo had brought the initial pair of the Macau in 1998 from Delhi zoo. The pair bred to produce twelve offsprings. After giving a pair to Kanpur zoo, Lucknow zoo is left with ten of them. \"We haven't shifted the initial pair to the new enclosures,\" said the director. The other parakeets have been put in two different enclosures covered with glass on all sides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi/gurgaon", "code": "17632147", "title": "Protest against slow progress in Kshama case", "text": "NEW DELHI/GURGAON: The slow progress in BMW hit-and-run case has only made the victims' families and friends more resolute to fight for justice. A candlelight vigil was held at Sansad Marg, New Delhi on Monday, and the gathering has decided to be present at Gurgaon city court on the next date of hearing in the case - February 13 - to show solidarity with Shailesh Shetye, the husband of deceased Kshama Chopra.Shailesh has launched a signature campaign \"memorandum for justice\" where he is seeking support from the public in the case. He added, \"The campaign will go on for a week and thereafter the memorandum will be submitted to the President, Prime Minister, Union home minister, Haryana chief minister to draw their attention to the case.\"On May 5, a speeding BMW had rammed into an Indigo in which Shailesh, Kshama and her parents were traveling. Besides Kshama, who was pregnant, the car driver Sanjay Gulati had also died in the accident. The BMW was allegedly being driven by one Suraj Sherawat, son of a businessman, at that time.The vigil was attended by friends, relatives and well-wishers who expressed their solidarity with Shailesh. Neelam Katara, who put up a courageous fight against influential politicians to get get justice for murdered son Nitish Katara, also addressed the gathering.Katara asked the family to detach emotion with the case and put up a strong defence from any kind interference. \"It is very strange but poor state of affairs that even after 62 years of independence, people have to fight for justice.\"Shailesh said, \"The fight for justice is not only limited to Kshama and Sanjay Gulati, but we are also seeking a change in the law where fatal accidents are not put under the category of negligence.\"Shetye said he was disappointed with the \"weak\" chargesheet filed by the Gurgaon police in the city court. Given the gravity of the accident, the accused, Suraj, should have been booked under 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murdser) rather than 304 A (causing death by negligence).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "17631609", "title": "Youth on the run after molesting kids", "text": "BARASAT: Two sisters, aged 8 and 10, were allegedly molested by a 28-year-old van rickshaw-puller at Bijaharidas colony on Saturday night. The accused, identified as Nilkamal Das, went into hiding. The family members of the girls lodged a complaint against Das.Das, a neighbour of the girls, took them to his home on Saturday and allegedly molested them. He even threatened them with dire consequences if they told anyone. Later, a woman noticed the girls weeping on their way home. When asked, the girls narrated their plight.\"We have received a complaint and a raid is being conducted to nab the culprit,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17632408", "title": "'Goa's future linked to edu institutions'", "text": "MAPUSA: Stating that Goa can be the Boston of India in education, governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo said that if Goa has to have a bright future, then educational institutions should play an important role.He was speaking as the chief guest at the annual social gathering of St Xavier's college in Mapusa on Saturday in the presence of deputy chief minister of Goa Francis D'Souza and other dignitaries in the college premises. The celebration of the annual day this year is coinciding with the golden jubilee year celebration of the institution.The governor said that the students enrollment ratio in higher education in India is 12.5%, which is considered low as compared to the developed nations of the world and that educational institutions should strive to improve. Wanchoo advised the youth to be \"serious, as they cannot afford to be casual and happy-go-lucky in this competitive world\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631510", "title": "Did cops shield 'politically connected' family?", "text": "NAGPUR: The crime branch has systematically brought down the curtains on the mysterious death case of 75-year-old Dwarkanath Patel this May by filing an abated summary before the court.Patel is a cousin of a retired chief justice and his family has links with several top politicians from the city and Delhi as well.Sadar police had booked Patel for attempt to commit suicide in June 2010 but his statement was not recorded. After sustaining three bullet injuries on the head, Patel was alive was 84 days.Patel's cremation at Mokshadham ghat on September 19 was attended by several politicians. Despite being a medico-legal matter, the post-mortem was not done.The Patel family had claimed that they had made a call to Sadar police from a cell-phone after the septuagenarian's death but no one came. The clerk at the crematorium had informed TOI that no death certificate was submitted.Bed-ridden, Patel was suffering from Parkinsons and spondylitis. He was found with bullet injuries on his head at his Raj Nagar residence in Sadar on June 28, 2010. In no time, the then senior inspector of Sadar police Sanjay Pande had registered an offence against Patel under section 309 of the Indian penal code (IPC) for attempting to commit suicide.It was surprising that senior officials of Sadar police station were not aware of the fact that Dr Lokendra Singh had found three bullets in Patel's skull. Police had said that Patel was suffering from depression due to ailments.It was learnt that Patel had used his son Navin's licenced revolver but intriguingly, no fingerprints were found. Police had said that Navin, a lawyer in high court, had kept the firearm under his pillow. The Sadar police had sent a faulty sample of Patel's hand wash to the chemical analysis laboratory where it could not be ascertained whether it was he or someone else who had used the weapon. It is not clear whether the cops under the then CP Praveen Dixit were acting under any kind of pressure.In 2011, the case was shifted to the crime branch. The then additional CP (crime) Ravindra Kadam had assured to look into the case. A query to know whether Patel, who was suffering from Parkinson and was also paralytic, could shoot himself thrice in the head with accuracy was sent to the medical board of Mayo hospital.After a prolonged delay, the board did not give a clear reply. The reply from the ballistic department too was non-committal. Eventually, the case was put in the cold storage. The cops filed the abated summary stating before the court that the accused had died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17633623", "title": "High voter turnout in South Gujarat stuns politicians", "text": "SURAT: The heavy turnout of voters across South Gujarat in the first phase of assembly elections on December 13 has made leaders of all political parties nervous. They are not sure what this means for them but nonetheless claim victories for their respective parties.A booth-wise polling analysis may give some indication but overall the scenario remains unclear to them.\"Youth and women had come out in large numbers to vote this time. Leuva Patels have voted in large numbers and so did other communities in the city,\" said Mafat Shiroya, a political worker of Varachha.Satyakam Joshi, professor, School of Social Studies, said, \"The Election Commission had put in a lot of effort to create awareness about the need for one to exercise his right to franchise. This has yielded a very good result. The turnout has been high in the constituencies where sitting MLAs have been renominated by their respective parties namely Nizar, Mangrol, Mandvi or Surat East. The reason could be anti-incumbency. The housing scheme of Congress and gas pipeline scheme by BJP too could have been factors in drawing voters to the booths.\"Eighty per cent voting in Mangrol, 79% in Mandvi, 76% in Mahua, 75% in Gandevi, 80% in Vansda and 71% in Surat East have been unheard of in South Gujarat's political history.A young voter of Vansda said, \"No one wanted to vote for the sitting MLAs in their constituencies. However, everyone supports Modi.\"A social observer said, \"This trend of high voter turnout will continue. This is because many youths have now become voters.\"Surat: The heavy turnout of voters across South Gujarat in the first phase of assembly elections on December 13 has made leaders of all political parties nervous. They are not sure what this means for them but nonetheless claim victories for their respective parties.A booth-wise polling analysis may give some indication but overall the scenario remains unclear to them.\"Youth and women had come out in large numbers to vote this time. Leuva Patels have voted in large numbers and so did other communities in the city,\" said Mafat Shiroya, a political worker of Varachha.Satyakam Joshi, professor, School of Social Studies, said, \"The Election Commission had put in a lot of effort to create awareness about the need for one to exercise his right to franchise. This has yielded a very good result. The turnout has been high in the constituencies where sitting MLAs have been renominated by their respective parties namely Nizar, Mangrol, Mandvi or Surat East. The reason could be anti-incumbency. The housing scheme of Congress and gas pipeline scheme by BJP too could have been factors in drawing voters to the booths.\"Eighty per cent voting in Mangrol, 79% in Mandvi, 76% in Mahua, 75% in Gandevi, 80% in Vansda and 71% in Surat East have been unheard of in South Gujarat's political history.A young voter of Vansda said, \"No one wanted to vote for the sitting MLAs in their constituencies. However, everyone supports Modi.\"A social observer said, \"This trend of high voter turnout will continue. This is because many youths have now become voters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17636336", "title": "Minimally invasive technique used to remove brain tumour", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 50-year-old woman from Jharkhand underwent a surgery to remove brain tumor at a private hospital in Gurgaon on Saturday. The doctors said they used the latest technique of removing pituitary gland tumor- through nose with the help of endoscope.\"The surgery was performed without any incision(cut) or stitch,\" claimed a doctor.He added, \"K Bibi, from Jharkhand visited the hospital initially with complaints of headache and decreased vision. Gradually, her facial features thickened (coarse) and her height also increased, more than her husband in last two years. After undergoing investigations including MRI, she consulted Dr KK Chaudhary, Consultant- Neurosurgery at Columbia Asia Hospital and was diagnosed with Pituitary Tumor.\"A pituitary tumor is an abnormal growth in the pituitary gland, the part of the brain that regulates the body's balance of hormones.Explaining the procedure Dr KK Chaudhray said, \"The needle is inserted from the nose and a hole is made between the base of the brain and nasal cavity. The tumor is treated through the instrument through endoscopy. It is a new technique in medical sector and few people are performing it. Unlike the other surgeries, it is less painful and also takes less time to recover. We need to make people aware about this 'stitchless and bloodless surgery.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636117", "title": "Simpson 'beyond happy' about pregnancy", "text": "Singer Jessica Simpson is thrilled to have another baby on the way.The 32-year-old, who is engaged to Eric Johnson , gave birth to her first child in May and is already expecting another baby.''Jessica wasn't planning the pregnancy but she's beyond happy about it. She adores being a mother and she's always wanted to have a big family so she feels totally blessed to have another baby on the way,\" contactmusic.com quoted a source as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636406", "title": "Faris' husband loves her curves", "text": "\"Moneyball\" actor Chris Pratt has encouraged his wife Anna Faris not to lose all of her baby weight as he prefers her curves.Pratt and Faris welcomed son Jack in August this year.\"I have the sweetest husband. He makes me feel good at any weight. In fact, I kinda think that he likes it when my butt is a little bit bigger,\" femalefirst.co.uk quoted Faris as saying.To which Pratt added, \"Yup, I will take it! I like it. Don't work too hard!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632299", "title": "Patients raise money for child's liver transplant", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mohammad Yusuf's father, Hafiz, had no means to arrange for the costly liver transplant that could save life of his only son. After coming to know of his plight, families of some patients at the private hospital where Yusuf was admitted came forward and donated half the amount. Thanks to the good samaritans, Yusuf recently had a successful surgery.The 16-month-old child had a congenital defect - the duct connecting liver and intestines was absent - due to which he developed severe jaundice and liver failure. He had undergone a surgery at a hospital in Jaipur to repair the malformation, but it wasn't successful. Hafiz, who works as a tailor in Kanakpura area of the Pink City, said the local hospital referred his child to Apollo hospital in New Delhi.\"The doctors said the life-saving procedure would cost close to six lakhs, even after the doctor's fee was waived off. There was no way I could arrange so much of money, but seeing my helplessness, some of the patients came forward and they donated about Rs three lakh. I arranged the rest from my customers,\" said Hafiz.He added that he donated a part of his liver for the transplant. \"My child is doing well after the surgery,\" Hafiz said with a smile.According to Dr Anupam Sibal, pediatric gastroenterologist and group medical director at Apollo hospitals , there have been several instances where other patients have helped those in need. \"In this case, there were two-three patients admitted here whose families came forward to donate the money. It was like a godsend opportunity,\" Sibal said.Doctors say about 3,000 to 4,000 children are born with this disease each year in the country but most die due to a delay in treatment.\"Corrective surgeries mostly fail due to delayed diagnosis. People tend to ignore early symptoms of jaundice. Liver transplant is an option in such cases,\" said Dr Subhash Gupta, senior liver transplant surgeon at the hospital.He added that the biggest challenge in conducting the procedure on children is that the graft size is usually bigger than that of the child's organ and it has to be fixed carefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17633471", "title": "3 nabbed with stolen vehicles", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Zone I deputy commissioner of police's striking force arrested three youths with three stolen vehicles, including two bikes, near Navrangpura railway crossing on Friday night. The group also confessed to chain snatchings in the city.According to the striking force officials, a team was on patrol when it found three youths standing near an auto near Mount Carmel School at 10.30 pm on Friday. When the officials questioned them about the ownership of the auto, they denied having any knowledge. However, as one of the youths had keys for it, they were rounded up.The trio was identified as Ravi Nathbawa, 21; and Jayesh Bodana, 21; both residents of Mahalaxmi ni Chali, Juna Vadaj; and Maulik Chauhan, 20, a resident of Kadianaka, Dariapur Chakla. The trio confessed that they had stolen the auto from Lambha village earlier in the day using a duplicate key.\"During their questioning, they stated that the two bikes they were riding were also stolen from the eastern part of the city,\" said a Navrangpura police official.\"When pressed further, the youths said that they were habituated to gambling and drinking and were thus in need of money. They used to steal vehicles and then use them for committing crimes. The group was involved in two chain snatching incidents over the past year. We are yet to get more information on the cases.\"The youths said that they were habituated to gambling and drinking and were thus in need of money. They used to steal vehicles and then use them for committing crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633487", "title": "Engineering colleges target prospective students through science expos", "text": "CHENNAI: Ever wondered what an engineering college would gain by offering its premises to conduct science exhibitions? Contact details of hundreds of students to whom the college prospectus could be mailed. And with a little luck, more than a few can be converted into future students. Engineering colleges across the state have been busy organizing various events such as science exhibitions, Tamil conferences, motivational talks and career counselling for school students over the last couple of months. These goodwill initiatives also double up as advertisements for the colleges and as familiarization trips for higher secondary students in the neighbourhood.\"They call it career guidance, but talk only about the facilities and benefits of studying in their college,\" said D Nedunchezhiyan of Technocrat India College Finder , which provides counselling to students.Sources said that an engineering college in Ooty recently took students of a local school on a visit to its campus. The college arranged a bus to transport the children and even provided food for them after they were given a tour of the premises, including labs and sports facilities. \"A school student will find any college big and impressive . A gullible student might consider it the best option as it is near his hometown and because he is now familiar with the place, without really looking into the facilities and teachers' qualifications ,\" Nedunchezhiyan said.Academics say colleges outside Chennai, particularly those in Coimbatore, Salem, Erode and Namakkal , that find it difficult to attract students to their courses during admission season make such attempts. A relatively unknown college is likely to get at least 15% brand recognition through such events, they say.Even leading deemed universities in the state are known to conduct such events.Experts warn students that it is important to look for the academic and placement record of institutions .Jayaprakash Gandhi, an education consultant, said colleges were able to draw only students with poor academic records (with a maths-physics-chemistry cutoff lower than 150) through such means. Once enrolled , these students are unable to cope with the syllabus and score low marks.\"With its students scoring such poor marks, the college is unable to draw companies for campus placements . A poor placement record is sure to ward off students with high marks and the vicious cycle continues ,\" Gandhi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17632519", "title": "3,100 power theft cases recorded in Gurgaon this year", "text": "GURGAON: Over the past few years, electricity pilferage has bled Haryana's power supply apparatus like never before. Cases of power theft proliferated in both urban and rural operational circles. And Gurgaon, merely a few months ago, was among the worst affected districts. However, during the last one month or so, things have taken a turn for the better, according to officials of the distribution company, the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigan (DHBVN).The number of theft cases in Gurgaon, for instance, has come down by some margin. As of now, all through the ongoing financial year, Gurgaon has registered just above 3,100 cases of power theft, which has been quite an improvement from the rate of increase witnessed during the last few months. Hisar, on the other hand, has consistently occupied the top position in this regard, being the only district with over 4,500 such cases filed by the authorities.\"In all, from the south of Haryana, we have detected more than 16,800 cases of power theft in the current financial year,\" said a discom official. A full-scale campaign, to bring down this number further, has also been launched by the DHBVN, whose operations and enforcement wing has been conducting raids throughout the region.\"The total amount of penalty imposed on defaulting consumers in the last eight months has been to the tune of Rs 45.4 crore,\" said an official.2 cases of power theft at Karamyogi societySuspecting power theft in Karamyogi housing society flats, the vigilance department of the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) carried out a surprise check and found power thefts in two houses on Friday afternoon.The discom had in the past too carried out surprise raids in the society located in Sector 10A. \"Totally 20 flats were checked by the vigilance team and two flats were found to be stealing power from the main line. The house owners will be issued notice and then will face a case of power theft,\" said a DHBVN official. The residents of the society, however, alleged that the two flats belonged to management committee members who have rented out the houses.\"There was no power meter in the two houses and the vigilance team has prepared a detailed report of the situation,\" said a resident, on condition of anonymity.The management committee of the society was caught in a string of controversies relating to financial irregularities, which are being probed by the registrar of societies.\"Today, there was a meeting in the RCS office, in which the society president Ram Kishan Hooda did not turn up to join the investigation,\" said Vishal Bharat, a society member. The society members have complained to the state government about the financial irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17634629", "title": "Lost a phone? Here\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s what to do...", "text": "You can't always be vigilant about your smartphone. It might get misplaced, forgotten or even stolen. But don't worry, there are tools to help you get it back, or at least salvage your personal data.For Android  Lookout is a nifty app that backs up your device data (contacts, photos, call history) and it even helps you recover your handset in case you lose or misplace it.Install the app, create an account, and you're set. After that, if you lose your phone or if it's been stolen, simply head to www.lookout.com.In the Backup tab, one click will copy and store all your contacts from your lost handset. When you first install the app, you can backup your device at that point itself, and even set intervals for automatic backups. If you have upgraded to the Premium version (for Android only, costing $2.99 per month or $29.99 per year), you can also backup your pictures and call history.The Missing Device tab has a 'Locate' button to show the phone's current GPS coordinates on a map. There is also a 'Scream' button to emit a high-pitched alarm tone from the handset. Premium users can also choose to lock the phone with a password, or wipe all the data on it remotely. Backed up data can be restored to the phone when you recover it, or to a new phone if you have the Premium version.Note: Also works on iPhone* If you lost your Android phone and didn't have Lookout installed on it, there's still hope. Go to the Play Store, login with your account and remotely install Plan B (also by Lookout) on your registered handset. This app gives you all the options of Lookout.* It is still in beta, so we can't recommend it for everyone, but Android Lost (www.androidlost.com) has the track and wipe features of Lookout and many additional tools - all for free. The app requires administrative rights, but comes with add-ons like clicking and emailing a photo of the thief who has your phone; setting a custom alarm or making it ring loudly at intervals; hiding Android Lost so the thief can't stop it; making your phone 'speak' a distress message; and displaying popup messages in case a good Samaritan chances upon the device.For the iPhone, iPadSet up an iCloud account, and download Find My iPhone from the app store. Turn it on in Settings &gt; iCloud. You can then visit icloud.com at any time to get a GPS lock on your lost handset, send a message to it, play a sound, or remotely wipe the device.If the iPhone, iPad, or iPod Touch you want to locate is running iOS 6, Find My iPhone also includes Lost Mode, which locks your missing device with a 4-digit passcode. It then displays a contact phone number right on the lock screen. And while in Lost Mode, your device will keep track of where it has been and display its recent location history when you check in with the Find My iPhone app.For BlackBerryDownload BlackBerry Protect from the App World and set it up. It can wirelessly backup contacts, calendar entries, memos, tasks, text messages, browser bookmarks, Password Keeper entries and Wi-Fi profiles.The Options menu will let you stop the app from being deleted through Deletion Protection, and you can even activate its location tracking from there.If your device is lost, head to protect.blackberry.com to view its current location, make a sound or display a custom message on the home screen. You can also remotely lock the handset, change your password or delete all data from it.For Windows PhoneJust log on to the website www.windowsphone.com and in the dropdown menu of 'My Phone', sign in and click 'Find My Phone'. Through the web-based menu, you can find the GPS coordinates of your handset, wipe all the data, lock the phone, and have it ring loudly.Also, this feature, by default, saves the GPS location of your device every few hours, thus helping save battery to track your phone for a longer time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17637117", "title": "Police avert second shooting on US school tragedy day", "text": "NEW YORK: The day a lone gunman slaughtered 26 people, including 20 children, at a US school, police prevented what would have been a second mass-shooting as they arrested an Oklahoma teenager plotting to kill dozens of his classmates.Sammie Eaglebear Chavez, 18, told friends at Bartlesville High School that he wanted to lure their schoolmates and teachers to the gym and then open fire, according to officials.He also claimed to have explosives he planned to detonate once police arrived, the New York Daily News reported.A classmate overheard Chavez scheming on Thursday and cops arrested him early Friday before he could carry out his plan.A judge in the small city of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, which lies about an hour north of Tulsa , ordered that Chavez be held on USD 1 million bail.Investigators believe Chavez owned a Colt .45 handgun and had been researching how to obtain explosives and higher-powered firearms. He also frequently discussed the 1999 shootings at Columbine High school.The motive for the plot was not immediately known. Investigators do not suspect the scheme was linked to or inspired by the shooting in Newtown, Connecticut.On Friday, 20-year-old heavily armed Adam Lanza, dressed in black fatigues and a military vest, walked into the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown in Connecticut and opened indiscriminate fire.Adam, after killing his mother at home, opened fire in the school and gunned down 20 children aged between 5 and 10 as well as six adults, including the institute's Principal.Adam, who was wearing black combat gear and armed with three guns, including a high-powered rifle, later died from a self-inflicted gun shot wound, law enforcement agents said. He was found dead inside the school building.The shooting spree capped a tragic year for the US, which saw similar massacres in a Colorado theatre and Wisconsin Gurdwara, putting pressure on the Obama administration to take action on the country's gun laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631505", "title": "Chancellor mum on Nagpur University 'illegalities'", "text": "NAGPUR: The controversy surrounding the alleged illegal admissions into ME and MTech courses by engineering colleges and their ratification under political pressure by the Nagpur University is getting murkier. Chancellor K Sankaranarayanan, who usually is quick to write to concerned officials, has passed the buck on the state higher and technical education department.Senior academician Dhananjay Mandlekar had complained to Sankaranarayanan about the blatant violation of rules by NU administration by postponing the exams and also asking the engineering colleges to complete the mandatory 90-day syllabus within just 30-day period with a view to allow illegally admitted students to appear in the exams commencing December last week.He had attached TOI reports while demanding a high level probe and subsequent action on NU senior officials including VC Vilas Sapkal for breach of norms to allegedly favour private engineering colleges mostly owned by politicians and education barons.Vikas Rastogi, the chancellor's secretary, confirmed that he received the complaint but refused to comment. \"Since it was the university's internal matter we will not interfere. Why don't you ask this query to the NU VC,\" he said.Mandlekar had made a similar complaint to AICTE which had summoned the VC and controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke to Delhi, sources informed.TOI had been consistently tracking this issue reporting how these colleges had blatantly flouted Section 83(6) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, by admitting the students for MTech/ME courses even before getting affiliation. Moreover, NU flouted Section 82(5) which stated that any new college getting permission from the government after July 15, should be granted affiliation in the subsequent academic year and also take exam of its students in that session. In this case, the colleges had already admitted students but were not shown on record. It was only after getting affiliation on October 30, they were displayed as admitted students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17633263", "title": "Island row: China moves UN for claim", "text": "BEIJING: The Diaoyu islands dispute with Japan took another turn with China moving the United Nations to press its claim on a wider area in East China Sea.Making a partial submission to the UN secretariat about the outer limits of the continental shelf beyond 200 nautical miles in the East China Sea, China said the area is the natural prolongation of its land territory. This is evident in the physiognomy and geological characteristics of the shelf, it said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17632992", "title": "Police clueless about Badnapur ATM thieves", "text": "AURANGABAD: Badnapur police officials investigating the Rs 6.75 lakh theft from State Bank of India ATM were clueless about the suspects.Police suspect it to be the handiwork of an expert who knew the machine's configurations. Five teams were formed on the directions of Jalna superintdent of police Sanjay Mohite and three were sent to Mumbai, Solapur and Beed. They have returned empty handed.Unidentified persons committed the theft on November 30. The ATM situated in a corner of the Badnapur ground, 30 km from here, neither had any security appliances nor a security guard at the ATM, making it prone to the break-in attempt.The thieves had cut the data cable and power line because of which the alarm did not ring. The accused also had a fair idea that the machine was fixed using four screws of five inches each.So far, the police have got only the fingerprints of one of the accused, while the dog squad has failed to lead the police anywhere. Five teams including a local crime branch, anti-dacoity squad and three teams of Badnapur police have been formed to detect the crime.Talking to TOI, senior inspector and Badnapur police station in charge Premsagar Chandramore said, \"We have not got any clues as the case seems to be a first-of-its-kind, committed using an electric cutter. In the other cases, gas cutters were used.\"The ATM is located at an isolated place and has an open ground to one side and farms on the other.\"Sensing the risk, we had held meetings with bank managers and also had sent notices to them asking for the installation of manual and technical security at the ATMs but nobody paid any heed to our pleas,\" added Chandramore.The ATM neither had any CCTV camera nor a security guard and the watchman kept at the ATM had pulled the shutters down and had locked it up. The crime was committed between 2 am and 5 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17632496", "title": "BJP's Polan Bazaar office goes 'missing'", "text": "VADODARA: The office of BJP's minority morcha in Polan Bazaar in Godhra that had generated a lot of interest when it was inaugurated is difficult to locate now. The board of the office has been removed at a time when one would expect it to be buzzing with activity.The office was started by morcha functionaries in Panchmahal along with a sympathizer Farooq Kesari who is also close to BJP candidate Pravinsinh Chauhan. On Saturday, he claimed that it was poll officials who removed the board when he was not present at the office.\"Some persons claiming to be poll officials told my staff that the board was against the model code of conduct and should be removed. They even said other such boards had been removed,\" Kesari said.Panchmahal BJP minority morcha president Ramzani Zuzara, however, continued to claim that the office was still functional. \"The board was removed, but has been put back now,\" he said even as photographs revealed that the board was not in place at around 8.15 pm on Saturday. The shutter was also down.Panchmahal Congress vice president Rafiq Tijoriwala said he had been told quite some time ago that the office was not working. \"It was started by some overzealous persons. The community at large would not support them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17633261", "title": "Schoolbus driver found drunk", "text": "LUDHIANA: A schoolbus driver Sukhdev was arrested by the traffic police and later let off on bail. The driver was found drunk while ferrying the children of a private school in Dugri.According to traffic adviser Rahul Verma, it was in the morning that a schoolbus carrying 15 children was chased by the traffic cops from Bharat Nagar Chowk on the complaint of residents.Police was able to stop this bus near Mini secretariat and the driver, who was found driving recklessly much to the chagrin of the schoolchildren, was found drunk and a liquor bottle was also recovered from him. He was arrested after conducting a test using alcometre.In the meanwhile, children were sent to school in another bus and school authorities were informed in this regard. The driver was later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17632235", "title": "Govt officials sensitized on disability issues", "text": "MARGAO: The two-day regional seminar on rights and entitlements of persons with disabilities being held at the Navelim district library, concluded on Saturday. Government officials dealing directly with such persons were sensitized on the subject.Government officials and other representatives from Chattisgarh, Dadra and Nagar Haveli, Daman &amp; Diu, Goa, Gujarat, Maharasthra and Madhya Pradesh attended the seminar and were informed of the best practices in the implementation of the legislations, schemes and programmes with Goa being highlighted as the best state .\"Various sessions were held on topics such as national legislation on the rights of persons with disabilities, role of different stakeholders in implementation of legislation and programmes,\" said Prassana Kumar Pincha, chief commissioner of the office of persons with disabilities, government of India. Awareness on about government schemes for rehabilitation and empowerment of persons with autism , cerebral palsy , mental retardation and multiple disabilities and their effective implementation was created.South Goa district collector N D Agarwal, a recipient of the national award for the the best district in providing rehabilitation services to the differently-abled people said that Goa had awarded medical disability certificates to 94% of the population of persons with disabilities. The state social welfare department pegged the population of the disabled in Goa at 50,749.\"Accessibility to information and communication were highlighted as the prerequisite to enable them to have independent living and full participation along with the utilization of schemes,\" added Agarwal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17632416", "title": "Ashok Gehlot under fire for Gopalgarh", "text": "JAIPUR: For the first time, chief minister Ashok Gehlot was directly blamed for the Gopalgarh police firing incident in which 10 Muslims were killed last year. Worse still, the allegation came from his party's senior colleague and former legislator Sanyam Lodha at a Congress meeting of AICC and PCC members here on Saturday, said sources.Soon after the accusation, there was chaos at the meeting, which was attended by party affairs in-charge for Rajasthan Mukul Wasnik, Union ministers C P Joshi and Namo Narayan Meena, PCC chief Chandrabhan and Gehlot.Lodha, who also cornered the chief minister on issues like failure in tackling corruption, price rise and VAT on petrol/diesel, ineffective execution of MNREGS and 'going soft' on the BJP, faced opposition from Gehlot loyalists Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi and Rajya Sabha MP Ash Ali Tak, said sources.Congress chief whip Raghu Sharma, too, is believed to have raised the issue of the party suffering due to the Gehlot government and the Chandrabhan-led PCC playing the blame game that has led to public's disenchantment with the governance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17631767", "title": "Designer streetlights in Bhubaneswar to be replaced", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) plans to replace the designer lamp posts installed along the road from AG Square to Governor House with taller ones after the bulbs were stolen owing to low height of the poles. At least 24 bulbs have been stolen and two lamp posts destroyed since the lamp posts were put in place in 2008.\"We decided to replace the four-metre high posts with five-metre ones,\" said BMC commissioner Sanjib Mishra. \"But only the 60 posts on either side of the road will be replaced, while those on the road divider will stay intact,\" he added.The new designer posts will cost about Rs 30 lakh with the price of each being Rs 49,000, while the old lamp posts will be used in parks. \"The height of 90 lamp posts was kept low as these were designer ones,\" said BMC's assistant engineer (electrical) Ajit Behera. Each post had cost the BMC Rs 23,000 then and bulb Rs 600 each. Around Rs 12 lakh was spent on procurement and installation of lights, Behera added.The designer lights were installed as it is a very important road, an official said. Recently, the BMC roped in International Finance Corporation (IFC) for technical assistance to put up energy-efficient street lights. Around 15,000 energy efficient lamps will be installed at the identified points. IFC also identified 19,700 streetlights for improvement. There are around 9,000 individual drop (switch) points, which will also studied by the IFC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17633060", "title": "'No guidelines to regulate online news portals in Tamil Nadu'", "text": "MADURAI: The managing trustee of Kayal First Trust I.M.S. Mohammed Salihu has said that no guidelines have been framed so far here in Tamil Nadu over the registration of online news portals.Besides, the state does not even have a mechanism to verify online news portals in its jurisdiction, he added.He told TOI that the trust's portal had been providing information about various activities and local news of Kayalpatnam by deputing reporters in Kayalpatnam, Chennai and Saudi Arabia for the past 14 years without giving any room for complaints. Its news was viewed by people in 30 countries who actually are from Kayalpatnam. He further said after hearing of various irregular activities committed by the councillors and officers of the municipality, details regarding the rampant corruption in the municipality along with the audit objections raised by its auditors were published continuously.Later, an audio tape that was collected during the sting operation was published, in which the councillors were found discussing amongst themselves proceeds likely to be received by them as kickbacks through the implementation of the government's water supply project for Kayalpatnam municipality, he said.The publication ultimately created a huge uproar and people severely criticized the functioning of the municipality. \"As the website is very popular among local people of Kayalpatnam and NRIs who hail from Kayalpatnam, such a publication raised public opinion against the members of the municipality and its officials,\" Salihu said.Due to this, the councillors boycotted the council meetings for three successive months from June to August demanding prohibition of entry of the reporters of that website to council meetings.This forced the commissioner of Kayalpatnam municipality to pass orders on September 25 restraining the website from collecting news about council the meeting and to publish the same in their website on the ground that the website had not submitted a licence to run a magazine.There are thousands of blogs and websites where people freely post their opinions and the same does not require any licence, he said. There is no law at all governing this, said Mohammed Salihu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633161", "title": "Fog to descend next week: MET dept", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The meteorological department has predicted fog in the city from next week. After rain on Thursday night, days have been generally cloudy. On Saturday, maximum temperature touched 19.2 degree celsius while minimum temperature remained 10 degree Celsius. The humidity level also went up to be recorded at close to 90% from 85% to 88% all through the past week except one day.Generally, there's fog when humidity level goes above 90% and minimum temperature goes down to 8 degree Celsius. Fog formation is marked by a slow wind.However, there are many who enjoy cold, foggy days. \"I am eagerly waiting for fog to come as moving out in the fog with friends is a great experience,\" said Tarun Goel, a resident of Sector 40. Gurjeet Singh of Sector 10 said they are expecting guests at home for Christmas but he fears their train will be delayed due to fog. Surinder Paul, director, Meteorological department said fog is expected to hit the city anytime in the coming week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17633472", "title": "Six paramilitary jawans injured as bus turns turtle", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After ten personnel of the Gujarat police died in an accident near Sapoi village in Dahod, a group of paramilitary jawans had a close shave on Friday as their bus turned turtle on the Bagodara-Limdi highway. Six out of the 35 personnel seated in the bus sustained injuries. The injured were taken to Bagodara civil hospital and to VS hospital in Ahmedabad.According to Bagodara police, a battalion of Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) from Meghalaya was going from Kodinar in Junagadh district to Kheda for election bandobast. The battalion was moving in two buses. When the buses were passing from Mithapur village on Bagodara-Limdi highway at 11.30 pm on Friday, the driver of one of the vehicles lost control and it skidded from the road.B N Vaghela, sub-inspector of Bagodara police station, told TOI that police are yet to question the driver. \"What we got to know is that the axle of the bus had dislodged,\" he said. \"The bus rolled down the road and the persons sitting in front of the vehicle were injured. Out of the six injured, four were taken to Bagodara civil hospital whereas two were admitted to the VS Hospital. Two were discharged from the hospital in Bagodara on Saturday.\"The personnel in the other bus had rushed to help. Officials added that the bus was travelling at great speed and thus a major tragedy was averted.On Friday, 11 Gujarat police personnel, including six women, were killed after their van fell into a well. The driver of the van is suspected to have died of heart attack while on the wheel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17632090", "title": "'Hydel projects may obstruct Siang flow'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The interim environment assessment report of the Central Water Commission (CWC) on the series of hydro-electric projects planned over Siang River and its tributaries in Arunachal Pradesh said the hydel projects may obstruct the free flow of water on the river, which is essential to balance the ecosystem.The Siang River originates as Tsangpo in Tibet and after entering Arunachal Pradesh near Gelling, the total length of the Siang River up to its confluence with Dibang and Lohit rivers is 294.5 km. Altogether, 45 hydroelectric power projects have been planned in the Siang basin to tap the hydropower potential of 18,000 MW. The Siang and its tributaries pass through the pristine landscape and intricate ecosystem that supports diverse wildlife species.The report said the most evident environmental impact caused by the development of several projects is that it will leave very little or no free flowing river stretch, reduce water flow downstream of hydropower projects, cause loss of forest and trees and wildlife species, directly impact fish migration and breeding areas, and generate large quantities of muck.Three projects are planned on the Siang River alone and the length of the reservoirs for Upper Siang State I, Upper Siang Stage II and Lower Siang hydroelectric projects are 7,457 and 77.5 km respectively.\"There is no free flowing river stretch between the adjacent projects and a total of 209 km stretch of the Siang will be converted to a reservoir. From the point where the Siang enters India, it flows free for 22.5 km up to the tip of the reservoir of Upper Siang Stage I,\" the interim report said.In the downstream of lower Siang hydroelectric project, the river flows for 62 km up to its confluence with Lohit and Dibang rivers to form the Brahmaputra in Assam.The ministry of environment and forest's expert appraisal committee for river valley and hydropower projects has always been insisting on the importance of free flowing river stretches between adjacent projects with a view to provide natural conditions to rivers for recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17632371", "title": "Dacoity thwarted, four held", "text": "GURGAON: Four people were arrested for allegedly planning a dacoity in a petrol pump near the marble market in Sector 37 on Friday night. The crime branch of the Sector 17 police has also recovered one country-made pistol, a knife, an iron rod and three stolen vehicles, including a tractor, from their possession. During interrogation, the suspects confessed to their involvement in 14 cases of vehicle thefts.The suspects were produced before the court and the Sector 5 police have taken them on remand for three days.According to police, the Sector 17 crime branch team had received a tip-off that four youths were planning to loot the petrol pump. The police team, led by inspector Rajendra Singh Dalal, conducted a raid and arrested the youths from the spot. Police have also recovered one country-made pistol, a knife, an iron rod and a torch from their possession.The suspects have been identified as Bheem alias Sonu Meena, Mahesh Meena, Mukesh Kumar, Rajesh Sharma, all residents of Alwar district in Rajasthan and Anand Kumar, a native of Gaya in Bihar.During interrogation, the suspects confessed that they were indeed planning a dacoity at the petrol pump. They also confessed to stealing 14 vehicles from Sector 5 area. An FIR has been lodged against the four in the %Sadar police station under section 399/402 the IPC and the Arms Act.\"Later, we also recovered two stolen bikes and a Sonalika tractor from their possession. The Sector 5 police taken the suspects on remand and investigations are on,\" said inspector Rajendra Singh Dalal, in charge, crime branch, Sector 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17631981", "title": "World Bank team visits flood-prone areas of Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: A World Bank team is currently in the state on a preparatory mission on flood and anti-erosion related projects. An official said an expert team would conduct a study on the impact of flooding in the plains of the state following heavy rush of floodwaters from the hills of neighbouring northeastern states during monsoon and would visit some of these states to study the situation there and devise an action plan.On Friday evening, the WB team informed chief minister Tarun Gogoi at his official residence that it has visited the flood-prone areas of Morigaon and Palashbari to get a first-hand account of the situation there.The team members told the chief minister that their visit would be followed by other teams from World Bank. The teams would visit the flood-affected areas of the state to make an in-depth study for project preparation on a long term basis to control floods and erosion in those areas. The team also informed the chief minister that water resources management, including watershed management, reclamation of land, de-siltation and soil conservation, among others, would be an intrinsic part of the latest technology driven projects to tackle flood and erosion in the state. The team assured the chief minister that community participation to cope with floods and to sustain their livelihood post-floods would be an indispensable part of the projects,\" said the chief minister's office.The WB team further told the chief minister that it would raise capacity building of the engineers of the state water resources department through an intensive training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17631775", "title": "Aadhaar process in schools to gain speed", "text": "NASHIK: The district administration has decided to give an impetus to the Aadhaar enrolment process for students in schools. It will soon write to the chief secretary demanding an increase in the number of kits in the district.District collector Vilas Patil, who conducted a review of Aadhaar enrolment in the district, pointed out that the process had gained momentum in phase II, but there was scope of improving the same by means of starting the procedure school wise in every tehsil.\"The collector has asked the tehsildars to obtain statistics of the schools in their jurisdiction, prepare a data and find a location suitable for students and the teachers, where kits for Aadhaar enrolment procedure will be installed. They will take the students, school wise, to the offices and enrollment will be done,\" a senior official from the collectorate informed. The kits are limited and cannot be ordered locally. \"The collector will write to the chief secretary demanding more kits for the process.Till then other preparations will be done to streamline the enrolment procedures like entering names of children in the various programmes linked to mid-day meals, aid for various programmes and schemes, etc.\" the official said.The district has so far completed the registration of 13.51% citizens of the total population (33,85,416 citizens) under Aadhaar, of which only 8% (2,98,538 citizens) were enrolled in phase I.Phase II began only in July, and 4.68% of the population (1,58,674 citizens) has already been enrolled so far. \"The speed is fair considering the amount of time the process takes. We are gearing up for the completion of the project whose deadline is March 2013,\" the official said.The district administration has already asked Vakrangee Software to install another kit in Sinnar taluka, where the enrollment is most likely to begin from January.The process of enrolment is being carried out using 190 kits in the district. The Peth tehsil raced ahead of the others as it completed 47.53% of the enrollment, though the size of the population was comparatively lesser, with 97,000 citizens.Among the densely populated tehsils, Malegaon is leading with 23.66%, with 3,33,176 citizens having been enrolled so far.Malegaon is followed by Igatpuri tehsil where 17.60% of the total population of 2,28,208 has been enrolled, while in Baglan, 10.91% of the total population of 3,11,395 citizens has been covered till now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17631046", "title": "Youth's custody extended in Fergusson College student attack case", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court here on Saturday extended till December 18, the police custody of Anmol Jadhavrao (20), who was arrested on Tuesday for allegedly attacking a 20-year-old student on the premises of the Fergusson College with a knife on December 10. According to the police, Anmol had attacked the girl as she had refused to accept his offer of friendship.The girl is a final year student of bachelor of computer science. Her father is a former corporator. Anmol, the son of a garment dealer, has studied up to standard XIII. Both Anmol and the girl live in Kothrud.The Deccan police said the girl had finished her classes around 6.30 pm and was about to leave with her female friend, who had come to pick her up on her two-wheeler. They stopped for a while to talk to a third friend when Anmol came there in his car. Anmol immediately pulled out a sickle and hit the girl on the abdomen. The girl began to run, but Anmol chased and caught her. He, then, aimed a blow at her head, but she grabbed hold of his hand. However, she suffered injuries on her head and shoulder.Earlier in the day, sub-inspector Sunil Sakhare of the Chatushrungi police station produced Anmol before the court, following expiry of his police custody remand. The prosecution told the court that the police had seized the sickle used in the crime from Anmol, but complained that he was not co-operating in investigations.The prosecution prayed to extend his police custody for seven days as the car in which he came to the college was yet to be seized. Also, it needs to be probed if more people were involved in the attack.Anmol's lawyer opposed the prosecution's plea saying that the court had given sufficient time to the police to conduct investigations. After hearing both the sides, the court extended Anmol's custody till December 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17631097", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s party targets Bhujbals over Mhada land", "text": "MUMBAI: In a veiled attack on PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) headed by social activist Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday alleged that the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) lost prime land worth a few crores after it failed to stop Bhavesh Builders Pvt Ltd from constructing a commercial complex on a 802 sq-m plot meant for residential use in 2003. Bhujbal's son Pankaj and nephew Samir were directors of Bhavesh Builders from October 3, 1994 till September 7, 2009 as per company details available on the ministry of corporate affairs' website.\"This public land was given by Mhada at a throwaway price. It seems land grabbing is easy if you are a minister in the state cabinet. You can get land allocated and change land use blatantly without any accountability,'' the AAP said in a statement.Samir denied any irregularity in the deal. \"I have not sold any premises in the commercial complex. I do not remember the details of this deal as it is over five years old. I was just appointed as a contractor by Tulsi co-operative housing society to construct the commercial building. If the plot was for residential use, then I assume the society would have got Mhada's permission to convert it to commercial,'' he said.Mhada vice president Satish Gavai said he would have to look into the issue. Niranjan K Sudhanshu, chief officer of Mhada's Mumbai board told TOI that the authority had sent a notice of recovery for Rs 1.94 crore to Tulsi on November 3, 2012 for changing the land use from residential to commercial. \"The land was given to Tulsi for residential purpose. The residential use was then allowed to be changed to commercial in February 2005. There is no agreement between the said developer and Mhada,\" said Sudhanshu.The case dates back to 2001 when it was proposed to form a co-operative housing society named Tulsi. The society applied to Mhada for a residential plot next to the police station in Oshiwara to construct residential houses for its members.In October 2002, Mhada allotted the said plot to Tulsi for the purpose of residential use. In May 2003, Mhada and Tulsi registered the lease agreement. In February 2003, Tulsi entered into a development agreement with Bhavesh Builders, giving them the complete right to develop and dispose of the property in any way they deem fit.The building that came up on the plot was not residential, but a commercial complex, Platinum Court. \"This commercial property is worth more than Rs 200 crore and does not have a single original member of Tulsi. We believe the premises has reportedly been sold by Bhavesh Builders,\" the AAP claimed.The deal, said the AAP, has raised many questions. \"On what grounds did Mhada give the prime plot to Tulsi? Why did the society give all the rights of the property to a developer for no consideration, which begs the question if Tulsi was just a front for the builder to get land at a throwaway price from Mhada,\" asked AAP volunteer Sanjay Parmar, who has gleamed some of the records under the RTI Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17630923", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t shift onus for patrons\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 deeds onto pubs\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Bar and restaurant owners say the police cannot force them to monitor the behaviour of their patrons after they leave the establishment.\"What happens if our customer has parked his car at a distance from a bar or gets into a quarrel under the influence of liquor?\" said a pub owner. Hoteliers said they will follow the rules serving patrons with permits and will spread awareness on causes of drunk driving through banners and posters.The police have decided to crack down on drunk driving this year. \"If people plan to drink alcohol in hotels and bars, then they must hire a driver or take a taxi to reach home,\" said a police officer.\"We care for our customers so we will create awareness by putting up banners against drunk driving. Tipplers can even forget or lie, hence the police can't hold us responsible if our patrons drink and drive,\" said Sudhakar Shetty, president of Ahar, an association of over 7,500 bars and restaurants in Mumbai. \"But we will verify whether a tippler has a permit,\" he added.According to the rules, a tippler wanting to buy or consume liquor must have a permit that can be bought from a pub owner at the time of entering an establishment. People buying or drinking liquor must be 25 years of age and will not be able to buy more than 1,500 ml of hard liquor or eight bottles of beer at a time.According to Ahar general secretary Shashikant Shetty a drinking permit allows a person to purchase only 2 units (bottles) of 750 ml of hard liquor or eight bottles of beer. \"Not just the buyer but even those drinking in his/her company should at least have a daily liquor permit that can be purchased for Rs 5 in a bar,\" said Shashikant.Dinesh Advani, president of Hotel and Restaurant Association Western India, said restaurateurs affiliated to the association had spread awareness on the dangers of drunk driving among their patrons. \"We are committed to this social responsibility. However, to force this code on guests will be cumbersome and impractical,\" Dinesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631310", "title": "Shankar-Ehssan-Loy to help Amtes raise funds", "text": "NAGPUR: Shankar-Ehssan-Loy are all set to perform in a fund raiser for the Lok Biradari Prakalp on February 9 in the city. The trio has agreed to come to the city to help raise funds required to build a hospital complex with modern facilities at Hemalkasa.Nana Patekar, who has been associated with the Amtes for a long time and is playing the role of Prakash Amte in an upcoming film, gave details of the event at a press conference here on Saturday. Prakash and son Aniket were also present along with members of People for Anandwan and Lok Biradari Prakalp (PAL).\"The Amtes have given their entire life to the cause. Donating money for this cause is just a small way of doing something. It is important that everybody in the society contributes,\" Patekar said. \"The current hospital at Hemalkasa is deteriorating and a new structure with better facilities and which can provide for more patients is required.\"Prakash said he was discussing the hospital project with some people when some members of PAL came to Hemalkasa. \"They asked for the estimates and wanted to help, and came up with this plan,\" he said.\"PAL is a group of individuals who want to contribute to society. We are an informal group and just facilitating the programme through our contacts and helping in every way we can. We have been associated with the Amtes for around 15 years,\" said Milind Kanade, PAL member.He also said that all the donations will directly go to the account of Maharogi Sewa Samiti. \"Shankar-Ehssan-Loy were very enthusiastic about the programme and agreed immediately to come,\" he said.Speaking about the film on Prakash, Patekar said that he didn't want the movie shoot to end. \"I think every one should see how they work, it is a great experience,\" he said. Saying that the fact that he has known Prakash for a very long time has helped him play the role better, Patekar explained, \"It is not through observing only special traits or idiosyncrasies that you know how to play a certain man's character. You also learn a lot during the long conversations you have with your character.\"Prakash himself was very happy with the way Patekar was portraying him. \"He has done that with ease,\" he said. Replying to queries regarding his and Amte's difference in temperament, Patekar said, \"He only looks very calm, but he also has a temper. And for me, I am an actor, I can easily block my real self in front of the camera. Playing Prakash has not been a performance for me, but rather a journey of self exploration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17631982", "title": "NE poll booths on Google map", "text": "AGARTALA: As part of the transparency initiative to ensure free and fair elections in the four NE states of Tripura, Mizoram, Meghalaya and Sikkim , the Election Commission of India (ECI) has put the locations of polling booths on Google map.Tripura chief electoral officer Ashutosh Jindal on Saturday said the Google navigator will help voters to locate polling stations sitting at home, thereby reducing chance of any harassment. He added that Google Maps would automatically provide the exact location of polling stations the voters are looking. Besides the four NE states, the facility has been extended for Delhi, Himachal Pradesh , Gujarat, Dadra and Nagar Haveli, Daman and Diu.\"Polling stations in rest of the country are being plotted gradually and will be available on the website soon,\" said Jindal. He added the users can select their district, constituency and names of polling station from drop down list to see the location of booths. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17632028", "title": "Minor rape case: Cops yet to nab second accused", "text": "MARGAO: Three days after a minor girl was raped by her schoolmate and another person, Margao police say they are yet to identify and track the second accused who is absconding and his whereabouts are unknown. \"There has been no progress so far and currently, routine investigation process is underway,\" said Margao PI Sudesh Naik.On Wednesday, a16-year-old girl was raped by two persons at different locations. While the first accused who studied in the same higher secondary school, near Margao, has been remanded to Apna Ghar and his statements recorded, statements of witnesses have also been recorded and friends of the first accused were part of an identification parade to verify if there was any link between the first accused and the second accused.The girl, along with the NGO Bailancho Ekvott, was taken to the scene of the second offence for the inquest, which is a place in Raia surrounded by trees and bushes and not Consua as mentioned earlier, and is a well-frequented place.While the victim stated that the second accused is unknown to her, at the time of interrogation, the first minor accused claimed that he met the second accused at KTC bus stand by coincidence and did not know him. \"They have denied knowing the second accused and as such, police have not been able to establish the relationship between both the accused persons and no statement can be given on the identity of the other boy,\" sources said.Sources said that the girl was returning home after the first incident at a Margao cinema hall, when she met the second accused who told her that he knew her mother and forced her to walk away from the bus stand to the opposite side on the pretext that he had to urgently tell her something and the KTC bus stand was too public a place. He forced her to sit on his bike while telling her that he was taking her towards Panaji. He took the Ambaji road and proceeded to Raia. The minor girl has given the police the name of the second accused and a hand-written description from which the police are preparing his sketch, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17633540", "title": "First woman English novelist from Bihar", "text": "PATNA: A Bihari woman, Manna Bahadur, 63, has become the first woman English novelist from the state. Her debut English novel book, 'The Dance of Death', was released around a week back by Penguin India here, and has found a place on the shelf of the library in Stanford University in the US. Manna's husband, Pratap Jung Bahadur, owns a consultancy firm in Delhi.When asked about the nature of her relationship with Patna, she said the city is in her blood. Though settled in Delhi for more than 30 years, she has great affinity for Patna. That is the reason the novel is set in Bihar's state capital. The novel is a curious mixture of realism as well as paranormal science which, in the words of Professor Shanker Dutt of Patna University, who incidentally released the book, \"is the USP of the book\". The story, says Bahadur, is based 40% on a petition filed in her father's court, which found a manifestation in the character of Justice Shanker in the novel. Incidentally, her father was a Patna high court judge.\"It is about a demi god who went on killing his disciples and was finally caught red-handed, but whichever judge handled the case, faced some mishap. The story finds a twist when in the later part it comes to light that all the mishaps had a relation with the past life regression of Kishan Das, another protagonist of the novel,\" said Manna. Asked about the response she expected from the readers of Bihar, whose number is meagre when it comes to English novels, she said she expected a flood of readers for her book, particularly elders. \"My book is set in the days of Emergency.... the time, the vigour of J P movement, the aura of the book is all what they could relate their youthful dynamism with,\" she said.Besides being the sole woman from Bihar in the world of Indian English literature, she was the first woman anchor from the state to be seen on TV. Asked about her inspiration for writing, she said that after losing her voice, she had to quit her job as a television anchor. Losing one form of expression, she resorted to another form, writing. In fact, she has a Hindi novel, 'Neelanjana', and a book of poems, 'Dhoop-Chanh', to her credit. However, she regained her voice, though a bit shivering, after constant music therapy. She also has another manuscript, named 'Controle-X', ready for publishers. It's a story of two lives of a girl, again with an element of paranormal science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17632502", "title": "Indian troops blessed by Pakistan man in 1971 war", "text": "VADODARA: On every December 16, Colonel (retd) S C Joshi can't help remembering an incident from the 1971 war which reminds him of how Indian soldiers kept their humanity alive even while fighting a war.An officer of the illustrious 3/1 Gorkha Rifles, from which brave heart Captain G S Salaria had won the first Paramvir Chakra, Joshi fought in the famous battle of Basantar for which the unit had moved almost 18km inside the Pakistan territory. \"One day we were asked to patrol a village Barkhaniya in Pakistan, which had been abandoned by the villagers after army shelling. Earlier, their army had marched through it to enter Indian territory. Several houses were on fire due to shelling, and the fire was spreading further,\" recalls Joshi, who is settled in Vadodara since his retirement in 2001.In one of the houses the troops found an old, sick man lying on the bed, unable to move. \"He started crying the moment he saw us and said, \"Everyone has left, leaving me behind. I haven't had anything to eat or drink.\" I took out some shakkarparas from my rucksack and handed over to him, so did many of our soldiers. We were in a dilemma as it was clear that if left there, the old man would have either died of thirst or starvation, if not from the fire, which was spreading in the village,\" recalls Joshi.Since, they could not take him along as POW, the men took a decision, and lifted the old Muslim villager along with his 'charpai' and put it in under a tree outside the village. \"Outside, he was in a position to stop any of the passing countrymen for help. When we were leaving, the man was profusely blessing us, saying \"Khuda aapko salamat rakhe.\" This blessing, in an enemy territory, from a man whose country was in war with theirs, became a lasting memory for the young Indian officer as a reward for keeping humanity alive in those war-torn days.During the war, Joshi, fighting in the Samba sector, was asked to occupy Chak Bura. The battalion crossed the international border (IB) on December 5. \"Pak air force was making life miserable for Indian troops while ours was fighting in the eastern sector. We would advance during the night and stay down in trenches during the day. The war scene was full of artillery shelling and tank battles and the battle was at its fiercest from December 14 to 16 when we won the war decisively, after which ceasefire was declared,\" recalls Joshi.The groundwork done by 3/1 Gorkha troops on this side of Basantar paved the way for two Paramvir Chakras, which were won by Lt Arun Khetrepal of 17 Poona Horse and Major Hoshiar Singh of 3 Grenadiers in the course of the war, recalls Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17631012", "title": "Sawai has something for connoisseurs &amp; amateurs", "text": "PUNE: The audience that gathers at the Sawai Gandharv has a mix of discerning, knowledgeable listeners and those who love and appreciate music without really being able to analyse its fine aspects. The artists who performed on the fourth day at this year's event brought high-quality entertainment for both the genres as they presented raagas such as Yaman, Bhimpalas or Malhar all of which have found place in popular music forms such as naatya sangeet or film songs.Aarti Anklikar took charge right from the introduction of her rag Bhimpalas with vilambit composition ''akhinyaa mori lag rahi...''. She was accompanied by Ramdas Palsule on tabla and Suyog Kundalkar on harmonium. Anklikar enunciated the nuances of the raag with excellent taan work with clinically aggressive singing. She went on with an extremely powerful rendering of drut composition ''jaa jaa re apane mandiravaa...'' in which she underlined the predicament of a young woman turning away her lover saying she is under the watchful eyes of her mother-in-law and sister-in-law.Anklikar offered, in memory of late Bhimsen Joshi, a composition - dhanya dhanya bhaag suhaag tero in raag Kala Shree, crafted by the maestro himself. She chased it with a tarana set to raag Kalawati before ending her part with a Sawariya pyara lage... set to the Daadra beat. Getting some extended timie Anklikar made a brief statement of an abhang composition ''bolaavaa Vitthhal....'' Before she quit the stage.Tabla maestro Swapan Chaudhary, in his tabla solo, demonstrated complete mastery of beats with his teen taal in which he proceeded with peshkaar, kaayda and relaa. Chaudhary presented some classy percussion in the drut bandish weaving in tukda components to the delight of listeners.Bhimsen's son Shriniwas was very convincing in his Miya ki Malhar, getting close to the level his father had taken this raag. Shriniwas' Kareem naam tero....unfolded in a matured flow while indicating his command of Miy ki Malhar. His fast compositions ''barasan laagi re...'' and ''ata dhoom dhoom..'' demonstrated perfection, creating the proverbial Malhar effect of rain showers. Shriniwas then went into light composition ''More saiyaan ji utarenge par...'' before closing with abhang ''Teerth Vitthal....,'' Which Bhimsen has permanently carved in the minds of music lovers. Avinash Dighe accompanied Shriniwas on harmonium and Ravindra Yavgal gave tabla support.Samrat Pandit opened the day's proceedings with raag Yaman. It was unusually early for raag Yaman but the Patiala Gharana youngster captured the attention of the listeners with his accurate delivery of the pleasing notes of the early night raag. Avinash Dighe accompanied him on harmonium and Prashant Pandav on tabla. Pandit then presented composition thumri ''yaad piya ki aaye...''Sarod maestro Amjad Ali Khan had started his performance in raag Zira Kafi at the time of going to press. He had the c ompany of Vijay Ghate on tabla and Raja Ray on tanpura.Sunday's session is split into morning and afternoon, with Santoor exponent Shiv Kumar Sharma slated to perform in the morning part along with Kalpana Zokarkar and Vijay Koparkar - both vocal. Evening session will feature Apoorva Gokhale, Pallavi Joshi, Shaunak Joshi, Upendra Bhat - all vocal, Shahid Parwez - Sitar and Atul Kumar Upadhye - violin. The 60th Sawai Gandharv Bhimsen Mahotsav will come to a conclusion with the customary vocal recital by Kirana Gharana exponent Prabha Atre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631358", "title": "\"We too are concerned about citizens' well-being\"", "text": "NAGPUR: Minister of state for home and rural development, Satej Patil took a serious cognizance of the fact that citizens in Nagpur have been left perturbed over the traffic snarls and road blockades due to the security arrangements for the ongoing winter session of state legislature.Patil, reacting to a TOI report on chaos on road published on December 14, had summoned the senior police officials to discuss the issue. It is learnt that Patil and deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Jeevraj Dabhade had a meeting over the traffic diversions, rush management and corridors being blocked for either morchas or agitations on roads.Patil, informing TOI about his initiative, assured that government is concerned about the inconvenience caused to the public. due to traffic snarls and road blockades.\"I intend to survey the roads on Monday to verify whether the barricades have been kept at proper places and with planning,\" said Patil. He also said that government had issued the circulars about traffic arrangement for public knowledge through media. \"We have also tried to disburse information about traffic and security arrangements through FM radio to avoid the hassle,\" he said.Patil informed that the government is also trying to work out a proposal to ensure that a system of circulating bulk messages relaying information about traffic blockades and diversions on cell phones. \"We are seriously trying to keep the citizens updated about the traffic condition and arrangements through SMSes. The modalities are being worked out,\" he said.Patil said that stringent security measures are being followed near Vidhan Bhavan for obvious reasons of its being highly sensitive location. \"We are unable to tone down security where it is necessary to take such precaution despite some inconveniences,\" said the minister of state.Advocate Avdhesh Kesari, who had written a letter to DCP traffic over the traffic chaos, said that he welcomed Patil's gesture. and concern for the local residents.\"The traffic department had also contacted me over the issue and assured to look into issue but I have demanded the promise to be made on paper so that at least there is something official about it,\" said Kesari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17633733", "title": "Officials face resistance in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD:The labour team targeted offices of Blue Dart couriers, Brama and Computers , Furniture World, City Life Style, Fantoosh, Bharat Sports , Sangam Footwear and Gutti &amp; Co. \"We blackened Musaddilal Jewellers' name board, but have not issued show-cause notices on the request of the owner. He promised to put up a Telugu signboard within five days,\" the official said. At some commercial establishments, shop owners got into verbal duel with the officials for defacing their signboards.On the other hand, labour officials facing stiff resistance to the Telugu signboard move in the Old City have restricted themselves to just campaigning about the new norm. Sources said, they have no plans to launch any drive in the Old City. \"A few shop owners have threatened and warned people campaigning about the new rule.We were plying autos playing automated messages to spread awareness about the Telugu language , but a few auto drivers were threatened that their vehicles would be seized if they continued to ply on roads like Madina, Charminar, Shah Ali Banda and areas around Charminar and Mecca Masjid ,\" the sources said. Labour officials are not evincing interest in promoting Telugu in the Old City as a few understand the language in that part of the city. \"In case, the department decides to serve notices to the Old City shops, we will take police help,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17632099", "title": "Transport workers' body raises pitch for security in northeast", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All India Road Transport Worker's Federation (AIRTWF) has urged both the Centre and state governments to take up urgent measures to provide safety and security to transport workers in the northeast.A convention of the federation held in the city on Saturday demanded the government to place a bill in Parliament for the welfare of road transport workers, particularly in the region. .Speaking at the North-East Workers' Convention on road transport sector held in the city, executive president of the AIRTWF and Rajya Sabha MP Shyamal Chakraborty said the government must ensure security to transport workers who are engaged in carrying essentials across the northeastern region.\"Safe movement of transporters depends on the security arrangements made by the government. All transport workers of the northeast need to come under one umbrella to raise their safety demands jointly,\" said Chakraborty.The units of the AIRTWF in the northeast have also decided to join the Jail Bharo Movement on Tuesday, which has been announced by trade union wings of the Congress, BJP and Left parties.Assam state secretary of AIRTWF Biren Sarma said four-lane highways must be constructed at a rapid pace in all seven northeastern states for smooth and better transportation of commodities. \"Apart from a few places of Assam and Arunachal Pradesh , rest of the states of the northeast don't have proper road network, which puts our workers in trouble often. Moreover, the people of this region are paying additional charges to transporters since the transportation cost goes up due to bad road conditions,\" said Sarma.He added that a delegation of the federation will shortly move the North Eastern Council to provide adequate financial assistance for improvement of deplorable road conditions in the NE region.Sarma added that the state governments of NE state have not done enough to stop extremist attacks on transport workers. \"Our federation demands the government to take necessary steps to stop illegal collection of money at check gates by police, other government officials and their agents,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17631139", "title": "Verdict on Zee editors\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 bail plea tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Saturday reserved its order for Monday on the bail petitions of two Zee group editors, arrested for allegedly trying to extort Rs 100 crore from Congress MP Naveen Jindal's company.Additional sessions judge Raj Rani Mitra reserved the order after hearing the arguments on the bail pleas of Zee News editor Sudhir Chaudhary and Zee Business editor Samir Ahluwalia for five hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633444", "title": "Pandit Ravi Shankar spawned a golden age, says Karnad", "text": "CHENNAI: \"It is a case of an artist creating an age and an age creating an artist. There was a complete symbiosis between the time and the artist,\" said noted playwright Girish Karnad , paying tributes to Pandit Ravi Shankar at Kalakshetra here on Saturday.Speaking during the memorial screening of Satyajit Ray's cult film 'Pather Panchali' for which Ravi Shankar scored the music, Karnad said the music maestro and Ray got along famously, often anticipating each other's artistic needs. As soon as Ray mentioned his requirement for a scene, the maestro would compose the tune on the spot.He said sitarist Ravi Shankar (1920-2012 ) and his elder brother, dancer Uday Shankar (1900-1970 ), between them represent a complete cultural history of India in terms of art and dance. However, praising contemporary and young Indian musicians, Karnad said they were \"astoundingly good in an atmosphere without caste and colour barriers, more information and at times richer music\" . Ravi Shankar belonged to this \"golden age\" and was creative till he died, winning a Grammy nomination for his latest composition, he said.Ravi Shankar became a dancer in his brother's troupe in Paris but back in India, he had to give up dancing as a condition to be accepted as a disciple by Ustad Allauddin Khan in Maihar (near Bhopal ), Karnad said. It was a significant decision made by a young artist to return to India after tasting success in Europe and submit to rigorous four-hour practice sessions starting at 4am daily. \"Ustad Allauddin would go around various tents where his disciples were doing 'riyaaz' , correct their errors and perform himself to show them how to do it,\" said Karnad adding, \"If the errors were not rectified, the concerned artists would not get their breakfast\" .The Music Academy in Madras province emerged from the political movement of nationalism , but the maestro, after he started the National Indian Orchestra at All India Radio in 1949, tried to experiment with harmonizing western orchestra elements with Indian music. \"Even Ravi Shankar's music could not quite achieve this but what is important is that he was trying to experiment,\" Karnad said.His deep roots in Indian classical music and openness to western music enabled him to a more effective cultural ambassador . Historical events like the US opening up to Indian diaspora in the 1960s and invitations from these settlers to come there and perform enabled the music guru to touch the hearts of the west.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17632375", "title": "Lourenco guns for S Goa collector, says Goan should take over post", "text": "MARGAO: Taking pot shots at South Goa district collector N D Agarwal, who is due to retire shortly, Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco demanded that Agarwal should not be given an extension once he finishes his tenure. Lourenco alleged that the district collectorate staff have been complaining of being overworked by Agarwal.He alleged that Agarwal is trying to appease the powers that be to get an extension.Lourenco alleged that Agarwal was holding village-level meetings to hear the grievances of the people in order to help the BJP government create its manifesto for the Lok Sabha elections in 2014 and that was why he was promoted to the collector's post despite being embroiled in a printing press scam in the past.Lourenco stated that a Goan should be appointed as the next district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17632404", "title": "Vedike to take legal fight against made snana to Supreme Court", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka Rajya Hindulida Vargagala Jagrutha Vedike has decided to continue the legal battle for permanent ban on 'made made snana' where a section of devotees roll over food remains on plantain leaves left behind by brahmins.While such a practice at Kukke Sri Subrahmanya Temple in Dakshina Kannada district during champa shasti each year has grabbed attention in the recent past, this practice is prevalent in several other temples in the state as well. The Supreme Court on Friday stayed the Karnataka high court order of November 8 allowing the modified 'made snana' ritual. The state government had submitted to the high court that it would modify the controversial practice of 'made snana' at the temple. The modification formula described 'yede snana' was to allow devotees roll over food offered to the deity directly brought from the sanctum-sanctorum of the temple to the outer yard.KS Shivaramu, state president of the vedike, said he will be one of the respondents in the case before the Supreme Court on Monday. \"We will furnish records of legislative debates, videos of 'made snana', and that of a report submitted by senior officials of the department of social welfare on discrimination (pankthi bedha) followed at the temple,\" he said, adding that a bit of laxity in judicial follow by the respondents at the high court led to SC granting stay.\"The HC verdict is a temporary relief for all the proponents of 'made snana'. The vedike is opposed to this practice in any form or name in any temple or religious institution anywhere in the country,\" he said, adding that the fight will now be more on legal lines.The vedike will also extend its support to a proposed agitation by the state unit of CPM, which is taking out a vehicle jatha on December 21 from Kukke Subrahmanya to Udupi seeking a ban on 'yede snana' and 'pankthi bedha'. The vedike will also support the Left which has decided to storm Udupi Sri Krishna mutt on December 27 demanding that pankthi bedha or practice of serving food to brahmins and others separately be stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17631141", "title": "State cheque to high court judge bounces over signature mismatch", "text": "MUMBAI: A cheque issued by the state government through the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to a Bombay high court judge recently ended up being dishonoured. That government bungling does not spare even a HC judge was evident when the highest bank didn't honour the cheque, issued for an amount less than Rs 3,000. The reason RBI cited for not clearing it was signature mismatch.The cheque, dated October 22, 2012, was issued for Rs 2,890 in the name of a sitting judge. It was signed by V U Yadav, an assistant pay &amp; accounts officer of Maharashtra government, who is the authorized signatory. The cheque, number 813041, was issued against a bill submitted towards an entitlement for judges. It also bore the bill number against which it was generated. But when presented to the bank in which the judge held an account, it bounced. The cheque had been presented to the Canara Bank , Fort branch.The judge, it is learnt, got information that the cheque had been cancelled and returned only last week. On Friday, the state government resent the cheque on which, in red ink, was written \"signature difference'' with an additional fresh signature of the pay &amp; accounts officer.A retired judge expressed surprise that a senior government officer should have signed a cheque in such a manner that it is dishonoured. \"It is an embarrassment that the government official could easily have avoided with extra care.''The judge who received the bad cheque, it is learnt, had to spend nearly half an hour on a busy court working day last week to attend to a matter that ought to have transacted smoothly. A senior executive of a large private bank said if a cheque is returned, it would point to a significant variation.Bouncing of a cheque because of signature mismatch could becomes a regulatory issue for banks if they let such cheques go through. The cheque, it is learnt, was redeposited on Saturday and whether it gets cleared this time around will only be clear on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17631808", "title": "Conference of Parties ended, so did the civic works?", "text": "HYDERABAD: GHMC had planned a plethora of civic works in Old City which were set for completion before the start of the Conference of Parties (COP) on Bio Diversity in October. But many of these works have not been grounded till date.Construction of side walks, laying of storm water drains and laying of BT roads were the major works that were taken up by the corporation in Old City. Madina-Chaderghat was one stretch while Chandrayangutta was another one where works were planned. Around Rs 7 crore was sanctioned for this purpose.On the Madina-Chaderghat stretch footpath laying works have been going on for more than five months, visibly in the vicinity of Salar Jung Museum.On the Charminar-Chandrayangutta stretch, storm water drains and footpaths were planned. While authorities carried out minor repairs to pavements near the Falaknuma Palace area, pavement works have hardly taken off on the stretch. Carpeting of roads however was done on this stretch. Storm water drain works which were also part of the sanctioned slot were not taken up.GHMC's delay in starting the Rs 400 crore worth works (in the entire city)which were to be completed before the start of conference, drew heavy flak deterring the corporation from digging roads for laying storm water drains. Drain works were sanctioned on both stretches.Besides these works in Old City, storm water drain works were also sanctioned in Afzalgunj and Siddiamber Bazaar worth Rs 54 lakhs. Sadly, the newly laid pavement near Grand Hotel by GHMC was dug up and the order of the interlocking stones disturbed.A senior south zone official said that around 50 per cent of works were completed. \"In many works the contractors have been fixed. Laying side walks and repair of existing ones are happening at a few locations. We should be able to complete the remaining works by February 2013,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "17636156", "title": "7 killed, 9 injured in fog-related accident", "text": "JIND: In a fog-related mishap, seven persons were killed and nine injured when the vehicle they were travelling in collided with a mini-truck on Hisar-Chandigarh National Highway today, police said.They said that the accident occurred this morning near Dhakal village in Narwana sub-division of this district.The dead included four men, two women and a child, police said, adding the victims were travelling in a Multi Utility Vehicle.The injured persons were referred to PGIMER at Chandigarh.Police said that the area where the accident occurred was blanketed by fog and visibility was low.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17630702", "title": "Saina goes down fighting to Olympic champion Li Xuerui", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saina Nehwal gave a scare to Olympic champion Li Xuerui before running out of gas in the second half of the third game to bow out of the BWF Super Series Finals with a 20-22, 21-7, 13-21 loss in Shenzhen (China) on Friday.The 22-year-old dominated the first game and was leading 20-16, before the Chinese champion came with a six-point burst to clinch the issue.Despite the reversal, the Indian came out fighting in the second game and before Xuerui could even find her feet, Saina was leading 8-0. Collecting clever points at the net and using the cross court smashes to great effect, Saina dominated Xuerui in the second game.The Olympic bronze medalist extended the margin to 14-1 and engaged the Chinese in long rallies to settle the issue. However, Xuerui fought hard in the decider.She opened with a 2-0 lead and extended it to 7-4 before the Indian, who began retrieving everything that came her way, caught Xuerui at 7-7. It was a closely fought battle from then on.At the break Xuerui was enjoying a slender one-point lead. Both the players knew that the next two points would be crucial.Saina, who moved to her favourite side of the court, failed to soak up the pressure and made a few mistakes which allowed Xuerui to zoom to 17-11. Saina failed to return in the contest after conceding such a huge lead.The Indian, who reached the final last year, struggled on the slow courts at the China Resources Shenzhen Bay Sports Center right through the tournament.In the final, Xuerui will meet compatriot Shixian Wang, who downed Ratchanok Intanon of Thailand 21-12, 21-19 in the other semifinal. Xuerui had defeated Wang in the group stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17633585", "title": "Army takes over Shivaji Park", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 10,000 people joined the Indian Army at Shivaji Park on Saturday to celebrate Vijay Diwas, which is held on December 16 every year to commemorate India's victory over Pakistan in the 1971 war. The Vijay Diwas celebrations were held in the city after nine years; the last time Mumbai hosted the celebrations was in 2003.Various stalls and pandals set up by the army almost hid Bal Thackeray's makeshift memorial. While a few Shiv Sainiks remained at the site where the Sena chief was cremated, jawans from the 19 Sikh regiment kept a watch on them.\"No Sainik hindered the event. Many of them entered our pandals to watch the events, but they left without making any ruckus,\" said an army official.A slew of events, including freefall by sky divers, horse-riding and a motorcycle display, were flagged off by the governor around 11am and concluded by 1pm. Visitors were then allowed to enter the stalls displaying various weapons, artilleries and tanks. The 'Know Your Army Mela' , held as part of the celebrations and aimed at persuading the country's youth to join the service, saw heavy footfall, but not many seemed keen on leading a life of discipline. \"Very few came up to enquire about the process to get into the forces,\" said another army official. Though parents were keen on getting their children's pictures clicked with army personnel, none discussed the idea of getting their wards into the forces. \"I want my child to be with us instead of going to the war front.Joining the army is not my child's cup of tea,\" said Thane resident Ramesh Singh, who had come with his wife and children. Youngsters, too, seemed more interested in climbing onto the tanks and getting their pictures clicked than joining the army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17633470", "title": "SIT supplies more papers to Zakia", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team (SIT) supplied more documents to Zakia Jafri on Saturday in connection with its probe into allegations about chief minister Narendra Modi and 62 others' involvement in the 2002 riots.The investigating officer Himanshu Shukla came up with 25 statements running into 350 pages and supplied a copy to Zakia's counsel. These statements included that of suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt, the then city police commissioner P C Pande, then state home minister Gordhan Zadaphia, then Naroda police inspector K K Mysorewala, convicts in the Naroda Patia case - former minister Maya Kodnani, Babu Bajrangi and accused in the Naroda Gam case - advocate Rajkumar Chaumal and senior VHP leader Jaideep Patel. Bhatt's statements recorded in November 2009 by SIT member A K Malhotra and in March 2011 by Himanshu Shukla were also part of the documents supplied by the SIT for the first time.Zakia's counsel, S M Vora said that the probe agency furnished the documents after they complained in this regard before the apex court. Zakia has filed an SLP seeking clarification about its original order about the scope of investigation conducted by the SIT on her complaint.Even since the SIT gave a clean chit to Modi and supplied 25,000-page report to Zakia earlier this year, she has been claiming that the probe agency did not supply entire set of evidence as per the SC order. She has alleged that the SIT has suppressed many vital documents in this case and thereby violated the apex court's order of furnishing entire set of evidence to the complainant.Zakia has been demanding these documents including a 2010 interim report by Malhotra, to which the SIT has strong reservations. Meanwhile, the metropolitan court has closed Zakia's right to file a protest petition against SIT's closure report.The metropolitan court has kept further proceeding on December 27 for verification of these documents, whereas the SC is to take up the issue in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "peshawar", "code": "17630815", "title": "Terrorists attack Peshawar airport, 7 killed", "text": "PESHAWAR: At least seven people were killed and more than 50 injured when militants launched a coordinated attack on Peshawar airport in Pakistan's northwest on Saturday.According to police officials, militants fired a volley of rockets from the nearby Khyber tribal area on Peshawar airport. Soon after rockets hit the airport, at least five insurgents armed with explosives, rocket launchers, assault rifles, and suicide vests, attacked the airport.\"Few minutes after the rockets were fired, five militant wearing suicide jackets attacked the Peshawar airport hurling grenades and firing with automatic rifles killing at least four persons and injuring dozens of others. A gunbattle broke out between security forces and militants after the rocket attack. All the five attackers were killed by the security forces,\" said Mian Iftikhar Hussain, information minister of Khyber Pakhtunkwa province. He said that two rockets exploded on the runway, one fell on a van while another exploded in an open space. The dead included five attackers, he added.The injured were rushed to the Khyber Teaching Hospital near the airport.\"We received injured with bullet, shrapnel and rocket shell casing wounds. Some of them are in critical condition,' the hospital administrator said. Women and children are also among the injured as two rockets fell on the residential area. Local TV footage showed people near the airport rushing for safety as the attack occurred. One car was damaged by the rocket fire and another was set on fire.Peshawar airport is used as a base by the Pakistan Air Force as well as for commercial flights. A PAF spokesperson said that the attackers fired rockets to make their way into the airport but the security forces kept them at bay. They could not enter the premises, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17633449", "title": "Smoother ride ahead", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a city where every year cores of taxpayers' money is spent on resurfacing roads, there is finally the thought of introducing roller-compacted concrete (RCC) roads from March next year. The project will also percolate to all the new roads that will be made for the third phase of the BRTS corridor. The engineering wing of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has already drawn a list of 15 road stretches which it plans to turn into RCC roads in the coming financial year.In the western areas, the AMC has chosen a road stretches between Vastrapur and SG Road, Vadaj and Akhbarnagar, and the major road connecting SG Road to the ring road. Another road which the AMC wants to turn into an RCC surface is the Pirana landfill road. \"These roads are high on traffic and have heavy vehicles passing on them and sustain maximum damage,\" says a senior AMC official.There are similar roads in the peripheral industrial belt of the city which face a similar fate, says the official. He refused to name the roads owing to the model code of conduct being in force in the state. The sudden decision to turn to RCC was spurred by the rising cost of bitumen - a petroleum product. As part of an experiment, the AMC has chosen 20 kilometers in the city for RCC conversion.\"We found that the cost-effectiveness of RCC roads was better than the bitumen roads,\" the official said. \"Today, the capital cost of laying bituminous road is 25 per cent to 32 per cent less than that for laying RCC roads. But a bituminous road requires repair every one-and-a-half years and the cost skyrockets. Concrete roads can last up to 20 years. The example of Surat is worth considering.\"The AMC is also analyzing costs of applying a layer of polymer over the RCC roads to reduce wear and tear. Another anti-skid layer along with a special layer to reduce heat is also being finalized by the AMC. \"Generally concrete roads over time get smoother and shiny and may even cause glares,\" the official said. \"A special layer will prevent this. Another problem is wearing off of tyres owing to the heat. A chemical layer to reduce temperatures would be applied to the RCC roads.\"\"The minimum road width should be 60 feet. Utility pipelines will be covered with special blocks so that digging of roads is not required for repairs,\" the official added.Super surface1. RCC roads resist rutting, especially during monsoons2. Will not deform under heavy, concentrated loads of vehicles3. Will not deteriorate from spills of fuels and hydraulic fluids4. Will not soften under high temperatures5. Cement consumption is lower because leaner concrete mixtures can be used", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17631442", "title": "Mamata Banerjee to shift key departments out of Writers'", "text": "KOLKATA: It seems chief minister Mamata Banerjee wants more space in the Writers'. She wants departments like environment, animal resource development, paschimanchal unnayan and public enterprise and industrial reconstruction to move out of the state secretariat.The chief minister made known her decision in the last Cabinet meeting. Officials are not sure whether the move comes after the government passed the Parliamentary Secretaries (Appointment, Salaries, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provisions) Bill 2012.Since there is a limit prescribed to the number of ministers she can have in the government, the chief minister passed the bill so that she can have more. The opposition is up in the arms against the move since it would cost the exchequer an earth, there are guesses that as many 44 parliamentary secretaries would be appointed because the Mamata Cabinet has 44 ministers and each one will be given a parliamentary secretary. They would earn benefits due to a minister of state, which rough estimates suggest, is almost Rs 4 lakh a month.Sources in the Writers' Buildings said the government would have 16 parliamentary secretaries for the moment and they would all need a chamber in the secretariat.After the Mamata Banerjee government came to power, the fisheries department was moved out of the state secretariat. The chief minister has been complaining of the space crunch in the Writers' ever since she took over. But this time, she has left strict instructions with the public works department (PWD), so that the four departments could move into the various government buildings in Salt Lake.While the environment department will shift out to Paribesh Bhavan at Salt Lake, public enterprise and industrial reconstruction department would move into the commerce and industries building on Camac Street.It has been decided that the paschimanchal unnayan department will be housed in the Salt Lake building, where the panchayat and rural development department will also be shifted later. Sources said while the animal resource development department will move into the West Bengal Cooperative Milk Federation building at Salt Lake, the state also has plans to shift the forest department to Aranya Bhavan in days ahead.The state secretariat was initially constructed to accommodate the junior clerks of East India Company. Over the years, it became the seat of power and everyone - from ministers to bureaucrats - wanted to have a chamber at the Writers'. The Left Front first moved out education and then health to address the space crunch. But the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government faced a lot of opposition from the employees at the time of moving the commerce and industries department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632307", "title": "South Delhi couple cheated of Rs 30L", "text": "NEW DELHI: A retired engineer and his wife in south Delhi lost their life savings of about Rs 30 lakh and the family car -- a Maruti 800 -- after they were allegedly conned by the assistant manager of a leading bank who befriended them, police said on Friday.The accused allegedly emptied the bank accounts of Hemendra Kumar (65) and his wife, who reside in Vasant Kunj's B Block, on pretext of investing their money for better returns. He also took away their Maruti promising them a Santro and later a Honda City in exchange.Quoting the victims, police said the man, who worked at a bank at Barakhamba Road, started visiting Kumar and his wife at home.The accused first convinced the duo to shell out Rs 4 lakh by promising high returns on their savings and initially paid interest on time. He allegedly made off with a total of Rs 21.36 lakh in cheques and Rs 7.52 lakh in cash.The accused then persuaded the couple to part with the Maruti. He promised to replace it with a used Santro and charged around Rs 60,000 as the difference in the cost of the two cars.He then borrowed the Santro citing personal work. When he did not return even after four days, Kumar called him up and went to his premises to find him commuting in his own car. When confronted, he said the Santro had been rented out. But a week later, he told them the Santro had been impounded for traffic offence and promised to replace it with a Honda City.\" The accused said the victim needed to pay just Rs 1 lakh for the Honda City but in the end Kumar paid Rs 3 lakh,\" a senior police officer said.When the victims wised up to his tricks, they were threatened to be eliminated by the conman's henchmen. The police have registered a case under sections 420 (cheating) and 406 (criminal breach of trust) IPC. Police have launched a manhunt for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17632033", "title": "Activist challenges Mickky's release", "text": "PANAJI: Social activist Aires Rodrigues has filed a petition before the high court of Bombay at Goa challenging the release of Nuvem MLA Mickky Pacheco after admonition, in the case of causing hurt to electricity department junior engineer Kapil Natekar in 2006.Rodrigues has stated that the court gave Pacheco the benefit of the Probation of Offenders Act without calling for a report from the probation officer, as was required under Section 4 (2) of the Probation of Offenders Act.A judicial magistrate first class court (JMFC) in Margao, in April 2011 had convicted Pacheco for the offence under Section 353 of the Indian Penal Code and had sentenced him to simple imprisonment for one year, and also to pay a fine of Rs 5,000. Subsequently, in October 2011, the assistant session court reduced his sentence to six months. Pacheco had then challenged the order before the additional session court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17631489", "title": "Man held for killing woman", "text": "KOLKATA: Police on Saturday arrested the accused who had allegedly murdered a young lady at a central Kolkata hotel in the New Market police station area. The victim's body was found on December 11. Police arrested the accused - 49-year-old Babulal Mondal - from his Ghatal residence on Saturday.Mondal had posed as a customer and Anusuya Bera, the victim, as his sister-in-law while checking into the hotel. Mondal's 10-year-old son had also accompanied the duo. Early next morning, Mondal reportedly left the hotel in a hurry with his son on the pretext of consulting a doctor for his ailing son, saying that his sister-in-law was not well. She would wake up late and must be served tea then, he told the hotel staffers.But the father-son duo never returned to the hotel. In the evening, hotel employees knocked on the room but failed to elicit any response. They then informed the cops, who broke open the door and found the body covered in a blanket. Preliminary probe revealed that the woman in her mid-twenties was smothered to death. Investigation revealed that the woman's real name was Malabika Mal.It was found that Malabika was a nurse by profession, who was hired by Mondal during his wife's illness. He had developed a relation with her at that time. They often came to Kolkata and both of them checked into this room.Probe revealed that of late, Malabika started black-mailing him, threatening to make their relationship public. Mondal even paid her a couple of times to keep their affair a secret. But since her greed increased with time, the accused then decided to bump her off. He asked her to accompany him to his trip to Kolkata. On Monday night, he smothered her to death when she fell asleep, investigation revealed.Police started tracking Mondal's mobile number and traced him to his Ghatal residence a couple of days after of the murder. A New Market police station team reached Ghatal in West Midnapore and arrested him early on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17633645", "title": "Re-name Baloda Bazar district after Shaheed Veer Narayan Singh", "text": "RAIPUR: Tribal communities have demanded re-naming Baloda Bazar district after Shaheed Veer Narayan Singh whose martyrdom was a memorable event in the history of Chhattisgarh and lent momentum to the freedom struggle.Sarva Adivasi Samaj spokesman Ramesh Thakur said its members were organizing a rally at Bhatapara on December 19 to commemorate the martyrdom of Veer Narayan Singh to voice the demand for renaming the district after the freedom fighter.Narayan Singh Binjhwar, the scion of the Zamindar family of Sonakhan in Chhattisgarh, was born in 1795. During a severe famine, in 1856, he helped the people to save them from starvation. He was falsely implicated and arrested in October, 1856.As per history, when the flames of 1857 war reached Chhattisgarh, the masses elected the imprisoned Narayan Singh as their leader and liberated him from the jail.After organizing the local people, Narayan Singh had an encounter with the British army near Sonakhan. Moved by the atrocities of the British and the resultant devastation and destruction, Narayan Singh surrendered to the British to protect the lives of his people.His public execution on December 10, 1857 provoked the public and the army contingent at Ranipur, which raised in yet another revolt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17630908", "title": "Philips turns R&D; focus to healthcare", "text": "Frans van Houten started his career at Philips, joining marketing and sales at Philips Data Systems in 1986. He has since held multiple positions, including CEO of Philips Semiconductors. Since April last year, he has been CEO of the entire 23-billion-euro group that focuses on healthcare, lighting and consumer lifestyle products. van Houten was in Bangalore on Friday, the city where the Dutch company has one its biggest R&D; centres, and spoke exclusively to STOI on the work it's doing here.Philips has been best known in India for its lighting products. But healthcare is now a big focus for you. How is India placed for you in healthcare?Healthcare is growing very rapidly for us in India. The progress we've made by providing advanced, locally relevant technology has this year made us the number one healthcare technology provider in India, as per independent estimates. We design and make our own cath labs (an examination room in a hospital or clinic with diagnostic imaging equipment) in India at our Pune facility. The Allura Cath Lab we make was designed in India for India, and it happens to be a great export product too.There are 1.6 million hospital beds in India and we're bringing better care to beds in rural India through our e-ICU programme. Basically, these are community hospitals that have access to trained doctors and specialists in cities remotely, through camera. This technology was available first in the United States but was too expensive. But we've redesigned it here in our lab, in Bangalore, to be locally relevant and at a price point that's a fraction of what it costs in the US. We are providing it as a service by partnering with leading hospital groups.Another great innovation, designed and developed in India, is the ClearVue ultrasound system. With Europe going through severe economic problems, the products being developed here are finding markets there.What's the latest in healthcare technology you've introduced in India that's making a big difference to patients here?The technology we call HIFU is seeing a great deal of demand in India. These are highly focused ultrasound beams and are a new way to treat cancer. The ultrasound is used as a smart beam that directly heats up the cancer tumour, and by which it dies. Chemotherapy and radiation cause a lot of damage. HIFU, on the other hand, has no side-effects.In India, HIFU is being used to treat uterine fibroids in women , which is quite prevalent. Rather than doing a hysterectomy, through HIFU, we can treat these fibroids with minimally invasive treatment. We are not opening up people, and that's the Holy Grail in surgery.Q How much are you investing in R&D; in India?Of our 10,000 employees here in India, more than 2,000 are in R&amp;D.; We're investing approximately more than Euro 100 million a year in R&D; in India. And a large portion of the investment is in healthcare because India also does a lot of our global R&D; in healthcare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "rajkot/surat", "code": "17633627", "title": "EC orders re-poll in three booths", "text": "RAJKOT/SURAT: The Election Commission has ordered re-polling in three booths of as many assembly constituencies that had gone to polls in the first phase of Gujarat elections on Thursday. The re-poll has been ordered as the electronic voting machines (EVMs) at these stations developed technical snags. The voters at these booths will vote again on Sunday.Re-polling has been ordered on booth number 169 in Kotda in Jamjodhpur constituency of Jamnagar district, booth number 69 in Kamlej-III in Bhavnagar (Rural) constituency of Bhavnagar and booth number 27 in Katargam in Surat (North) constituency of Surat.District Election Officer (DEO) at Surat J P Shivhare said, \"We had some problems as the voting started in booth number 20. Although got the EVM replaced, we thought it better to go for a re-poll.\"Rajkot/Surat: The Election Commission has ordered re-polling in three booths of as many assembly constituencies that had gone to polls in the first phase of Gujarat elections on Thursday. The re-poll has been ordered as the electronic voting machines (EVMs) at these stations developed technical snags. The voters at these booths will vote again on Sunday.Re-polling has been ordered on booth number 169 in Kotda in Jamjodhpur constituency of Jamnagar district, booth number 69 in Kamlej-III in Bhavnagar (Rural) constituency of Bhavnagar and booth number 27 in Katargam in Surat (North) constituency of Surat.District Election Officer (DEO) at Surat J P Shivhare said, \"We had some problems as the voting started in booth number 20. Although got the EVM replaced, we thought it better to go for a re-poll.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17631060", "title": "Molestation victim retracts statement", "text": "MUMBAI: In a dramatic development, the 12-year-old molestation victim withdrew her statement against the civic school teacher on Friday. The accused teacher was produced before the local court and released on bail.The Class VI student had told the police on Friday that her teacher from a Borivli (E) civic school, Krishna Shankar Singh, had molested her and many other students in the past. The teacher was arrested after her complaint.On Saturday, the girl, from a poor background, came to the court along with her parents and said that they had no allegation against the teacher. They added that they were not aware of what the police had recorded in the FIR.An officer stated that an MLA from Kandivli had been putting pressure on the police to go slow against the teacher. He suspected that the politician had convinced the victim's family to retract their statement.The Dahisar police, meanwhile, recorded the statement of the other school girls on Saturday and will continue to do so in the next week to ascertain if the teacher had molested other school girls.The victim had earlier told the police that since she wasn't well-versed with English, Singh would, on the pretext of helping her write better, grab her hand and touch her inappropriately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17633431", "title": "Tools, toys, business of politics", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Given Gujarat's legendary entrepreneurial spirit, one would have though local traders would cash in on the business of campaign material. After all, each of the 1,666 candidates will need posters, key chains, button badges, T-shirts, toys and other paraphernalia to visible to voters. Instead, businessmen from Uttar Pradesh who are raking in the moolah spent in this Modi-vs-the-rest election.Anoop Agarwal, a businessman from Lucknow, is fairly fluent in Gujarati. He has to be. He sells campaign material to political parties and deals with candidates' supporters who often come from the interior parts of the state and speak only Gujarati.Agarwal sells material without preference for political parties and long as the candidate pays. With their base in Uttar Pradesh, these firms get contracts from candidates. Job work is outsourced to artisans in Ahmedabad.Sources say that the business of campaign material is viable in Ahmedabad alone. Earlier, candidates spent between Rs 1.85 lakh and Rs 4 lakh each on material. This has come down to Rs 60,000. Sales are higher in rural markets. In cities, less material is used as people are averse to exhibiting party loyalties.\"We even customize material for candidates. For instance, one candidate wanted the party symbol embossed on mangalsutras as his rural constituency had many women voters,\" says Agarwal. \"Other candidates want campaign material to be made in such a way that flags, torans and banners can be turned into bed sheets and pillowcases by voters.\"Earlier, campaigns were dominated by cotton flags. Now candidates want fancier stuff, like silicon bands to attract young voters. Resembling a friendship band, it is in demand from all major players, adds Anoop.Babloo Sharma, who is also from Lucknow says, \"Not all candidates are fighting the elections on Facebook and Twitter. To reach a critical mass, you have to trust the old ways.\"Rizwan Rangwala, a local Amdavadi, takes orders and does jobwork for these contractors. He says the tailoring, dying and embossing is done in Danilimda, Behrampura and Shahpur areas were more than 400 homes work night and day. We use textile dyes and polyester cloth in the finished product.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17637251", "title": "2012: 'Old war horses' rule the roost in squash", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dipika Pallikal broke into the world top 10, Saurav Ghosal celebrated the biggest PSA World Tour title win of his career and Joshna Chinappa claimed her maiden WISPA title at home as 'old warhorses' continued to be the flag-bearers of Indian squash internationally in 2012.Pallikal, whose phenomenal on-court success helped her become the first Indian to break into the top 10 of the WISPA rankings, reached the final of the Tournament of Champions in New York, finished in the top eight in the World Open, entered the semifinals of the Australian Open (a Gold event) and to top it all, received the prestigious Arjuna award to cap off a remarkable year for her.The Chennai-girl further proved her credentials when she led India to a fifth-place finish in the WSF Women's World Team Squash Championship at Nimes, France in November -- the country's best performance in the competition.Pallikal, whose next assignment is the World Open in Cayman Island later this month, has credited her Australian coach Sarah Fitz-Gerald for her transformation in the last two years and has now set her sights on joining the elite club of the world's top five by next year.\"My next target is top five. I broke into the top 10 club this month and, hopefully by next year, I can break into the top five. That's my immediate target,\" Pallikal told PTI.\"Whatever I am today is because of Sarah. She has trained me really hard for the future challenges. Having the five-time world champion (Sarah) there really helped me a lot as she brings a lot of experience with her,\" she added.For Pallikal, 2011 proved to be the turning point of her career which saw her winning three WISPA titles -- Orange County Open in California, Dread Sports Series tournament in Washington and Crocodile Challenge Cup in Hong Kong.On the other hand, Kolkata-boy Ghosal achieved the biggest win on his career at the METROsquash Windy City Open when he defeated Pakistan's Yasir Butt in the final of the PSA International 25 event in Chicago early this year.The success marked the fifth Tour title win of Ghosal's career.Ghosal also made it to the quarterfinals of the CIMB Nicol David KL Open Squash Championships in March where he lost to Omar Mosaad of Egypt while the 26-year-old triumphed in the Maharashtra State Open Senior Squash Championship in Mumbai last month.Ghosal has been the country's No.1 squash player for the past half a decade and the Leeds-based Indian is aiming to break into the top-20 of the world ranking by the end of this year.\"I'm 21 in the world this month and am really close to breaking into the top 20. I'm hoping to have a strong end to the year and break that barrier,\" he said.Ghosal played well against some of the top-ranked players on the circuit recently like Gregory Gaultier and Ramy Ashour and also defeated Egyptian Karim Abdel Gawad in the second round of the Qatar PSA World Squash Championship in Doha this month to become the first Indian in the 36-year history of the PSA World Tour's premier event to reach the last sixteen.However, he exited from the championship after losing to World No.1 James Willstrop in the pre-quarterfinals.He will be next seen in his hometown for the Senior Nationals from December 18 to 23 where he will be defending his title for a record seventh time.Joshna Chinappa also made headlines when she clinched her maiden WISPA title at home, and sixth overall, defeating third seed Sarah Jane Perry 3-1 in the final of the Chennai Open International championship in May.The Chennai-girl had undergone a knee surgery seven months back and had taken time off from the world tour to recuperate which saw a major slump in her ranking.But she is back with a bang thanks to her win in Chennai and the semifinal appearances in Black Knight Open in Australia and Macau Open in China which saw the former India No.1 player claw her way into the top 40s of the world rankings.In October, she clinched the IJM Land Penang Open while last moth, she won the Maharashtra State Open Senior Championship defeating Urwashi Joshi.The year also saw Indian women's squash team - comprising Pallikal, Chinappa, Anaka Alankamony and Aparjitha Balamurukan - winning its maiden Asian title by defeating top seed Hong Kong 2-0 in the final in Kuwait.India's best performance in the women's team championship was a silver medal at the last championship held in 2010 in Chennai.The top-seeded men's team of Saurav Ghosal, Siddharth Suchde and Harinder Pal Sandhu too made history by reaching the maiden Asian Team Championship final but went down 0-2 against Pakistan in the summit clash.Other notable performer of the year passing by was Anaka Alankamony. The Asian junior gold-medallist claimed her second overall and the first title abroad in the women's professional squash tour when she won the Ipswich Open in Queensland in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633063", "title": "Ramdev: Their religion is religion and mine is business?", "text": "Yoga guru Ramdev is in the midst of formulating his future course of action - whether he should consider joining a political formation, float one of his own, or remain on the fringe and run a countrywide campaign against corruption and black money. He tells Pradeep Thakur that FDI could even be tainted money, sourced from terrorists or state enemies.Have you gone slow in your campaign against corruption?We have not. You cannot carry out protests and ral lies all the time; it will lose relevance. At present we are forming committees at village, block and (polling) booth levels to create mass awareness. Our drive to form these committees is in the final stages in 500 districts. We have already formed one lakh such committees.Are you active in South India too?We are working in all states. Except Tamil Nadu and Kerala, our activities are spread across villages in all states. Even in those two states, we have presence at the district level. Our plan is to take issues to the people at the gram level. Our motto is to free the country from drug, disease and corruption.You can ask me why I have chosen to raise the issue of black money. Why?There is nothing bigger than this issue in the country right now. Several committees and studies of repute have estimated the share of black money generated in India at an astounding 18% to 21% of the GDP. Several economists have concluded that at least 50% of the GDP is in the shadow economy. What we see is not even half of the actual GDP.And out of this shadow economy, at least 10% goes abroad. Several global financial institutions have estimated the flow of black money out of India to be in the range of Rs 25 lakh crore. If you add illicit money linked to hawala and narcotics, this would be somewhere around Rs 100-150 lakh crore. The shadow economy is worth more than $2-3 trillion. Isn't that a big issue? If the government levies even 10% tax on this amount, the exchequer will benefit by more than Rs 50 lakh crore.But isn't the government trying to reform the system, by bringing in FDI?Why do we need FDI? The kind of effort the UPA is making in bringing FDI, the same sincerity is missing in tackling the issue of black money. What has the government done to bring back illicit wealth of Indians parked abroad? We don't need FDI. This will only help tax evaders launder money back to the country by round-tripping, giving it a legitimacy cover of FDI. These FDIs could be tainted money, even belonging to terrorists and enemies who could later orchestrate the collapse of the economy.You have said the government is harassing you by looking into the balance-sheet of your trusts.The government has unleashed \"double CBI\" on us and has levelled false allegations. If you have produced your MA degrees, should you be held guilty for not having your BA certificates? If that has been lost by the university, is that your problem? This is exactly what Acharya Balkrishan has been harassed for.I went to register a police complaint against my missing guru and they have used this as a ground to harass me and ask me where my guru had disappeared. They have lodged more than 100 cases against us.But have you not diverted donations to commercial activities?Their religion is religion and my religion is business? If the Rajiv Gandhi Foundation receives money, those contributions are donations and if my Patanjali Yogpeeth gets donations, they are business! How far is that justified? For the entire loot in this country, Sonia Gandhi is responsible. If this is not her black money or belonging to those who have her protection, why do they (government) have objection in bringing back black money? It is their money, that is why they are not bringing it back. The Congress is an anti-people party.So you are in favour of BJP ?I am working for the nation and my agitation is for bringing back black money. I am preparing to launch a massive agitation against the (anti-people) party in the next Lok Sabha elections and will work with all positive forces. We also have support from the elite class and other political formations.Are Left parties like CPM with you?A B Bardhan (former CPI general secretary) has given his consent for joining our campaign. We had some controversy with Brinda Karat. She is the hitch. Our doors are open for CPM; when they want to join they are welcome.Do you think Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Admi Party is the answer?He changes his stance everyday. He picks up an issue and jumps on to another the next day without taking it to a logical conclusion. What has he been doing? Raising issues of corruption that have come out in the media? He doesn't have anything substantial to talk about.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17632505", "title": "When surprise attack from Okha sank Pak navy ships", "text": "VADODARA: The highly successful missile attack on Karachi port on December 4 during the 1971 war by Indian Navy was the first of its kind naval offensive, which originated from Okha naval base in Gujarat.The surprise attack on Pakistani Naval headquarters, where almost the entire fleet of Pakistan Navy was harboured then, sank several Pakistan Navy ships and crippled the country's maritime trade. The success of the operation prompted Indian Navy to declare December 4 as Navy Day, thereafter.Vadodara-based Commander (Retd) Bharat Patel, then a young Lieutenant, was posted at Okha naval base as a communication officer, saw the operation commence and then received the news of successful attack. The base then became the target of constant pounding by Pakistan Air Force rendering it ineffective for launching any further missile ships. However, by then, the damage to the most important and a heavily guarded Karachi port had been done.\"At Okha, the three missile bearing naval ships were to be towed by other ships because of their limited range. Accompanied by a refueling tanker, the ships sailed out at evening, which was quite unusual since there were no night operating facilities available at the base. Fishermen carrying lanterns lined up their vessels on both sides of the canal from the jetty to guide the way,\" recalls Cdr Patel, talking to TOI on the eve of 41st Vijay Divas, which marked India's victory over Pakistan in 1971.\"Till then, we all thought it was one of the night exercises in view of the threat of Pak attack. Then, in the middle of the night, I was woken up to receive a top secret message in the communication room. The message said 'Karachi had been successfully attacked.\" That's when we got to know about operation Trident (the name given to the Op of missile attack on Karachi).\"By four in the morning, Pakistan fighter planes swooped down at the base, with the intentions of attacking the missile ships, hoping that the same had returned to the base by then. \"But, anticipating the move, all the ships anchored at Okha had been moved away while the attack ships were headed some other way. The planes could hit only a refueling tank. For the next three days, they continued to pound us, but fortunately, there was not a single casualty,\" remembers Patel, who was incidentally, one of the only three Gujaratis serving with the Indian Navy then. \"All three of us were Patels,\" he laughs.Now, 68-year-old runs a construction business in the city. Patel remembers further Pak air attacks continuing till December 10 during the base was badly damaged, but without any casualty. \"Immediately after the ceasefire, Navy chief Admiral S M Nanda flew down to meet us at Okha saying, \"I want to congratulate these boys who carried out a direct naval attack.'\" It was the first time that missiles were used for direct attack by Navy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jaipur/alwar", "code": "17632509", "title": "Rajasthan can't \u00e2\u20ac\u02dccop\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 with criminals; reaches top slot in police killed by criminals", "text": "JAIPUR/ALWAR: In this regard, the state has reached the top slot. Unfortunately, this status spoils the state's image. As far as murder of on-duty policemen by criminals are considered, in a span of three years, Rajasthan has moved the number one slot in comparison to other states.Eighteen cops were killed by criminals in the state in 2011, followed by 15 in Uttar Pradesh. Chhattisgarh reported only five deaths, followed by four in Madhya Pradesh and two each in Punjab and Maharashtra.The figures show that eight policemen were killed by criminals in Rajasthan in 2008. Rajasthan was on third position after Chhattisgarh and Uttar Pradesh in terms of number of murder of on-duty police personnel by criminals. Nine cops were killed by criminals in Uttar Pradesh, while 15 in Chhattisgarh in 2008. Cities like Delhi did not report a single death of a policeman during confrontation with criminals in 2011.As many as 145 policemen were wounded during confrontation with criminals. The figures in Rajasthan are followed only by Kerala where 175 cops were injured by criminals in 2011.Rajasthan did not report a single death of on-duty policemen in terrorist/ extremists operations, in dacoity operations, in riots or on border duty in 2011 as per the records of the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB). All the cops were killed by criminals. The accidents also claimed lives of 41 policemen across the state. Two policemen were killed in dacoity-related operations, one in a cop during riots in Rajasthan in 2008.Senior police officer pleading anonymity argues that the lack of modernization in police forces in the state is one of the biggest reasons behind this deteriorating conduction.\"Due to proximity with Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Haryana, criminals are acquiring sophisticated weapons - even automatic guns - in bulk. However, the armors for the police remain more or less same, especially among the lower ranks in the force. The guns are still to be loaded before being fired. It rendends the police teams helpless while carrying out raids in sensitive areas. It should be taken into consideration that most of the policemen were killed during confrontation with criminals who used firearms,\" said a senior police officer.Besides, supervisory negligence and lack of training for handling habitual criminals is also being blamed for the same.Frequent attacks on the police teams in Rajasthan - especially in the state's Mewat region - have put a question mark over the law and order situation. While a young constable was shot dead and an ASI injured in an attack by arm smugglers in Alwar on Thursday, at least there other on-duty cops have lost their lives in the past one year in this region alone. Illegal mining, dacoit menace and arms smuggling are cited as major reasons behind such incidents. The poorly equipped police force is rendered helpless during confrontation with criminal armed with sophisticated weapons.On May 29, mining mafia had allegedly killed a head constable and injured a constable Dholpur district. Head constable - Mahendra Singh and constable - Virendra Singh chased two trucks carrying illegally mined products on their motorcycle. When the policemen chased the fourth truck and tried to stop it, the driver mowed them down killing Mahendra on the spot and seriously injuring Virendra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17630747", "title": "Carrying the Xmas spirit with song", "text": "MUMBAI: One Christmassy evening last year, the residents of St Cyril Road in Bandra rushed to their windows upon hearing a beautiful sound. The sight before them warmed their hearts.A group of adult and child carolers was walking by singing 'Silent Night' to the sound of bells and tambourines, throwing the lane into the lap of Bethlehem during the Nativity. Overcome with joy, neighbours brought Christmas sweets to the singers and joined them in song onto the next halt.The carolers, who call themselves the 'Swingin' Santas', comprise four families, all parishioners of Victoria Church in Mahim. This year, too, they will set out on December 20, wearing red and green outfits and Santa caps, singing classic carols apart from Jim Reeves and Cliff Richards melodies in bass, tenor, alto and soprano.\"Live carols work magic in the quiet evening hour. We sing only to the accompaniment of bells and tambourines using no loudspeaker or amplifier,\" says organizer Meldan D'Cunha, owner of Soul Fry Casa. His brother Kevin and friends Sunita Brace and Marushka Pinto are driven by memories of their own childhood.Little Caelan Rodrigues, Caydence Brace and Jordan Pinto have been practising for a month. \"The children are the main reason we wish to revive this dying tradition,\" says Sunita, a make-up artiste.Across Mumbai, the Church of North India (CNI) turns caroling sessions into an occasion to distribute gifts in orphanages and old age homes. \"Police permissions and traffic deter us from caroling in the streets,\" says Rev Graham Engineer who officiates at the Amroli Gujarati Church in Vile Parle. CNI has over a hundred churches from Colaba to Kalyan and Dahanu. \"But each parish has a choir group that sings at members' homes, and at malls that invite them,\" says the reverend.Fr Rocky Banz, parish priest of Gloria Church, Byculla, tried to revive the caroling tradition two years ago but failed. \"Parishes in south Mumbai do not have enough youngsters to carry on the legacy. Families have migrated northward and those who remain are senior citizens,\" Fr Rocky says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "he had a dream", "code": "17631534", "title": "Pandit Ravi Shankar: Music was his universe, his love, his weakness", "text": "He had a dream: to set up an institution - an academy? a foundation? - to bring up the young among his countrymen in the Raga music that had gained India respect, standing, following in the world that'd often denigrate it as 'a country with a begging bowl.' And he had a fear: His dream would remain just that.When Ravi Shankar delineated his dream to this writer, he was sitting before a painted portrait of Baba Allauddin Khan. Baby Anoushka was shyly hovering in the background. Perhaps he couldn't see that his dream had already taken shape. The year has gone hazy in memory though the Lodhi Road address had been home to Panditji for years then.With the rolling years, Panditji's following had not only grown bigger but also younger. That perhaps is a measure of his ability to infuse the pulse of the times into the timeless ragas. Today, when the sitar silently weeps in some corner of his home in San Diego , and Bharat mourns the passing away of a Ratna, we don't lament that his dream remained just that. For, Ravi Shankar had himself become more than an academy, institution, or foundation - a university of music.Everybody always talks about the women behind successful men. For a change, shall we talk about the men? Like, Debendra Shankar?Elder to 'Robu' by seven years, he was also a dancer in Uday Shankar's team. He, in fact, was the only one with formal training in Kathakali and Bharatanatyam. A brilliant dancer who would enact Gajasur in the ballet Shiv Parvati, he also learnt to play the instruments but did not go to Maihar with his younger brother. Instead he stayed on in Almora and in his last days he lived in Ahmedabad with his daughter as his son too lived abroad.Rajendra Shankar, elder to Debendra, was the script writer in the team. In the 1940s he married Lakshmi Shastri, who at 13 first saw Uday Shakar when he brought his troupe to Madras and joined the Almora Centre to learn dance. However, she fell ill with pleurisy and since she had a background in music, she started learning music under Abdul Rehman Khan - a Patiala gharana ustad introduced by Madan Mohan - and later with brother-in-law Ravi. Her rich, melodious voice, and emotional content, was particularly suited to bhajans and thumris. \"Through bhajans I try to infuse devotion, which is an important element to draw listeners to music and make it emotionally effective,\" she would say.If this strengthened the bond between the second Boudi and Ravi Shankar, it also led to his bonding with her sister, Saraswati aka Kamala. Robu first met this daughter of R V Shastri - the editor of Harijan published by Gandhiji - in 1940, when she came to Almora as a 10-year-old. At their next meeting in 1944, she was a woman in full bloom. In Bombay Ravi, Annapurna, Lakshmi, Kamala - more or less contemporaries with a burning interest in music and dance - would often play or practise together. Initially Annapurna even encouraged to go across next door, perhaps to rehearse the Carnatic ragas. These led to exchange of notes of love. When Ravi made a clean breast of his involvement, his Mejda Rajendra and Boudi Lakshmi vehemently objected. Not only was he marriied to Annapurna, she was his guru's daughter! And Annapurna? Numbed by a sense of betrayal, she withdrew herself inside a shell. He was, after all, her only world once she came away from Maihar with her sur and surbahar. She'd given him a son too. If his attraction for Kamala predates his marriage, did he marry Annapurna only for Baba's treasures?Meanwhile, perhaps to restore normalcy, Lakshmi and Rajendra Shankar found a groom for Kamala.Amiya Chakravarty - a director at Bombay Talkies who was then a favourite of Devika Rani - was to make award winning films like Basant, Patita and Seema. He was twice the age of Kamala, then 17, but big difference in age was seldom considered a deterrent in marriage. Unfortunately, their hopes of harmony were shortlived: Kamala's marriage disintegrated as she continued to be in love with Ravi Shankar knowing fully well that she could not marry a married man - especially when he took on a 'government job' with AIR.Today Kamala - Saraswati Mashi to those amongst us who knew her in Bombay - lives in an old-age home about an hour away from Madras, with Vani Jairam looking her up from time to time.Annapurna had perhaps pinned her hopes on Shubho - Shubhendra Shankar - but he failed to bridge the failing marriage of his parents. With the heritage of two leading houses of music and dance on his shoulders, Shubho probably had an awesome task at hand. Adept at playing both, the sitar and surbahar, he often accompanied his father on tours, but chose not to pursue a solo career. In 1992, when he died at 50, he left behind son Som and daughter Kaveri, and Panditji also lived to see his great-grandson Prem.FAQs:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17632860", "title": "Tomar all set to become MP BJP president", "text": "BHOPAL: National general secretary of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and member of parliament (MP) from Morena, Narendra Singh Tomar is all set to again take over as the president of BJP, Madhya Pradesh unit. Tomar was the lone candidate who filed his nomination for the post at the party state office here on Saturday. A formal announcement about his election unopposed will be made here on Sunday.Senior BJP leader Ravishankar Prasad, who was appointed as the election officer, said in a press conference that there was only a single nomination for the post of state BJP president.It is learnt that the official announcement about Tomar would be made at a meeting of the state BJP executive at 11 am on Sunday. The official announcement would be made in the presence of BJP officer bearers, state party representatives and district presidents among others.National party general secretary and in-charge of MP Anant Kumar will be present.Meanwhile, Ravi Shankar Prashad told reporters that BJP will stake its claim for the Prime Minister, in case NDA wins the forthcoming Lok Sabha election ruling out the possibility of Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar being projected as NDAs prime ministerial candidate.\"There is no doubt that NDAs prime ministerial nominee will come from the BJP, which is its major constituent,\" Prasad told reporters.Taking a dig at Congress president Sonia Gandhi and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi, Prasad said when they visit Gujarat, they both talk about the problems completely ignoring problems created by the UPA government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17631253", "title": "Palamu administration provides free blankets", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu administration is distributing free blankets among the poor this winter. A village in Palamu has earned the distinction of supplying blankets to the market and the fact could anytime offer a stiff competition to other blanket manufacturing units in the state. According to sources from the village, this rural artisanship is the changing index of Palamu in the backdrop of more than two decades of extremism.The DC Palamu Pooja Singhal said Palamu administration has a target of distributing 6,543 free blankets among the poor and the destitute this winter. She said, \"I have set a deadline before our BDOs/COs to get it distributed by December 20.\" The village supplying blankets is Karimandih under Hussainabad sub division of the district. The Boonker Sahyog Samiti ( Weaver Co Operative Society) here has on tender notice, bidding and inspite of tough competition supplied a total of 6,543 blankets to the Palamu administration this winter, each at a nominal cost of Rs 228. There are 283 panchayats and three notified areas in Palamu and each of the panchayat and notified area is to get a quota of only 19 blankets, Pooja said. tnnHowever, sources said the quality of the blanket is under public scrutiny to which Singhal said, \"The sample was approved in November. A purchase committee of senior officials is understood to have taken all aspects into consideration with regard to the quality. Nevertheless its quality will be ascertained again.\"Another rank official said they decided on the price of Rs 228 per blanket after tough bargaining. Society insisted on a price of Rs 255 for each blanket.However, if the blankets are distributed on time at least 6,543 people will be warm this winter. Blankets have never been distributed during winters in the past 10 years. Initially, after Jharkhand was created, blankets were distributed in the second week of February when the winter season had already come to an end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17633445", "title": "NRG family's right to vote tangled in red tape", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For Ashvin Patel, 54, an Amdavadi settled in the US, December 17 will pass on just like any other day. Patel family had altered its plans to be here to cast his vote during the state assembly election. However, the right is now being denied to him due to an administrative goof-up. He has been making representations to the collector office for the last four days.\"My family used to live near Khokhra in Maninagar. However, after my son got settled in the US three years back, I along with my wife are living in Rochester, New York . When I came down two years back, I bought a property in Ghatlodia and sold off the Khokhra house to raise money. Along with change in a number of other identity documents, I had also approached the civic authorities for change in the voters' list,\" recounts Patel.He stated that he was given a form number 8C by the district administration to fill up and give it to the respective civic ward. \"I thought that my work was done and I returned to the US. We have a family function in the city for which we had planned to come in first week of January. However, we were excited to cast our votes and so decided to come early. When I checked the electoral list, I was surprised that none of my family members' names were on it,\" says Patel.He then approached the district collector office and also met with senior officials who explained to him that he was supposed to fill up form number 6 and not 8C. \"I tried hard to tell them that voting is important for me and I would do whatever procedure they would want me to go through. However, they said that it is too late now and they would try to correct the error for the next elections. It is not just a matter of my family. I believe other NRGs also face similar troubles,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633398", "title": "Filthy Central station turns spick and span for CM visit", "text": "CHENNAI: A regular commuter would have found Chennai Central unrecognisable on Saturday . There was no stench , damp floors or unsightly nightsoilon thetracks . Many visitors were shocked by the fragrance \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from liberally sprinkled air fresheners .The reason becameclear at 5.05pm when an SUV rolledon to Platform 11 at 5.05pm and chief minister J Jayalalithaa stepped out \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to flag off the airconditioned Chennai Central-M adurai Duronto (biweekly ) Express and the Chennai Central-Thiruvananthapuram Duronto (biweekly ) Express . The 30-minute stopover by the chief minister was all Southern Railway required to work magic .\"If the authorities daily makehalf theeffortsthey took to make the station presentable for the CM's visit , Chennai Central will be clean ,\" said a security officer . Recently , TOI reported on the rare occasions that ChennaiCentralsmells good\u00e2\u20ac\u201dduring the visitsof VVIPslikethe governor or thechief minister when the official convoy enters a platform . Even visits from the general manager or the railway divisional manager are considered important enoughfor suchtreatment .On Saturday , the preparations began early . Both tracks adjacent to Platform 11 were closed by 11am and the berthing of at least four trains on other platforms rescheduled . The tracks were sterilized , air fresheners sprayed and a red carpet spread on the otherwise filthy platform . Flower pots adornedthe paththechief minister's SUV was to take . A worker was spraying disinfectants on the track till a few minutesbeforetheCM's arrival . The tracks were cleared of night soil. Several state ministers , including transport minister V Senthil Balaji , and city mayor Saidai S Duraiswamy besides senior officials of Southern Railway andthecorporation were present .\"If the authorities can clean up this place for VVIP visits , why can't they do it for the thousands who visit the place every day ?\" asked Rajalakshmi Venkataraman , who cametoseeoff her daughter in the Duronto Express to Madurai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17633480", "title": "Murthy sees big role for parents in schools", "text": "BANGALORE: IT czar NR Narayana Murthy on Saturday said the government should not exercise any control in the opening of schools, and parents should decide which institution is good and which is bad for their children.Murthy was speaking at the National Forum of School Leaders, organized at the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) in association with the Samhita Academy . \"There should be no licensing in starting schools. Such should be the freedom for schools that parents should be allowed to participate (in running schools) and even assess teachers' performance . They should also be given a chance to have a say in teachers' increments . We will not need the government's interruption after that,\" he said.KP Gopalakrishna, chairman, National Public Schools, said it has become increasingly difficult for schools to work in a free environment. \"A lot of autonomy has been given to schools; but, at the same time, the government also places restrictions.\" Inclusivity crucial in education: ShibulalBangalore: A day-long conference at the Indian Institute of Management on Saturday saw participants debate the school ecosystem, parents' involvement in school and government policies.Infosys CEO S Shibulal outlined the role of industry in developing education. \"Once a student is out of campus , he/she should be ready to start work in the corporate sector. Inclusivity should be a critical component of our education system.''The first session saw school heads talk about the problems the education system faces. The session focused on peer-to-peer relationships in schools, the identity crisis among teachers, the needs of children who like to question, and inclusivity.\"A nation is as good as its citizens. Just as a company is as good as the net contribution per employee, a nation is as good as per capita GDP. For us to increase GDP , we need good quality citizens. Enhancing the quality of a citizen is a long journey that starts with primary school. I cannot think of a single leader who's not been influenced by his or her teacher, particularly in primary and secondary school,\" Infosys chairman emeritus N R Narayana Murthy said.\"Most of whatever little I've achieved and my values came from my primary and secondary school teachers. It was from one of my teachers that I learnt how to treat community property with caution . This lesson should be practised by all if we have to bring down corruption. It was from another teacher that I learnt how to communicate effectively \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to speak slow and loud, use simple words and sentences. Teachers have the extraordinary capability to influence children in a positive way,\" Murthy said.CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi said the government is working on integrating skills with regular academics. \"Ten years from now, India is going to be the youngest nation. But a majority of students passing out don't have the skills. The government is working on that line\" , he explained.KP Gopalakrishna, chairman , National Public Schools, observed in the panel discussion : \"There is too much paper work involved. It should be left to the school management.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17632442", "title": "Warmest December in last 10 years", "text": "JAIPUR: The first fortnight of December has proved to be the warmest ever witnessed in the desert state in the last 10 years. Met figures suggest that the average minimum temperature this year comes to around 13.0 degrees Celsius, which is much higher compared to previous years.On Saturday, the city recorded minimum temperatures of 15.0 degrees Celsius, almost six degrees above normal, making it the warmest morning in the last decade. High humidity levels of nearly 91% are pushing the mercury up. Also, western disturbances and absence of the northerly winds are reasons behind the high temperatures. Met said mercury will continue to take an upward swing in the next couple of weeks.\"Usually, shivering cold conditions are witnessed at places like Churu, Sriganganagar, Bikaner, Jodhpur and Barmer from the first week of December. And by December 15 every year the winter is in full swing. But this year is warmer,\" said an officer with the IMD, Delhi, on Saturday.Even the Tibetan market is yet to pick up sales. \"By mid-December, the first lot of our stock is sold out and we have to bring out the second lot. However, this year even the first lot has not been sold fully,\" said %one of the traders at the Tibetan market here.In Jaipur, the average minimum temperatures by mid-December are around 7.0 degrees Celsius, however, this year they are around 12.0 degrees Celsius.\"Cloudy conditions are prolonged in December which usher in the chill but this time it did not affect the early morning temperatures much,\" a Met official said. The Met forecast says the state will have to wait another week for the extreme cold conditions.\"Cold wave conditions develop when the minimum temperature is around 5 degrees,\" an official of the weather office said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635933", "title": "Bollywood means absolute business: Tina Sani", "text": "Pakistani singer Tina Sani who is a regular visitor to the country for shows and performances says Bollywood means absolute businessYou have travelled around the world and performed, which has been the best place to perform and why? I have had so many wonderful experiences performing all over the world spread over thirty years but the one that overjoyed me was in Ireland two years ago where I was asked to perform Allama Iqbal's epic work \" Shikwa Jawab-e-Shikwa\" alongside Irish musicians who performed poetry of WB Yeats. Both the poets have a lot in common and the audience was scholarly, and the deep understanding they had for both these writers was something of an education for me.An equally memorable experience was in Delhi when I had the honour of singing with Jagjit Singh Sahib on the centenary of Faiz A Faiz. But I must mention Chennai too, where when I was asked to come and perform I was a bit puzzled and asked the organizers if they were aware that I only sing in Urdu. The response was a million dollar one, they said, we would love it if you not only to sing in Urdu but Punjabi as well.Pakistan has produced some great singers who are good with Sufi music, what is the main reason behind this phenomenon? I feel this part of earth did have a lot of Sufi saints for some reason, and throughout the land you had tradition of singing Baba Bulleh Shah, Shah Hussain, Shah Latif Bhitai, Perishan Khan Khattak to name very few. Plus the Qawali tradition, so it's not surprising. But also the recent surge in violence in the world in the name of religion has led many young people to draw understanding and read for themselves and not be led by mob frenzy. Hence, this fascination of Sufi poetry by virtue of its undisputed universality of its core message which talks about all encompassing love and humanity being supreme.Who is your favourite singer of all times and why? There are too many favorites in the sub continent however I personally derive the greatest solace and pleasure when I listen to Mehdi Hasan Sahib. For me, his voice, his understanding of the Urdu language, his complete control over his voice and art form, makes him one of the finest.Are you well versed with Bollywood music? What do you think of it? I love Bollywood music, but we must take into account that Bollywood means absolute business. So they have their pulse on what sells. From the finest to the raunchiest, you have it all here, you just choose what you like and move on. The good thing is, there is something for everyone.Bollywood has been encouraging a lot of singers from Pakistan to sing for Hindi films, what do you think about the trend? Will you ever sing for a Bollywood film? Bollywood provides a great range of entertainment , and just like any other professional setup, they have there finger on the market pulse. They must constantly come up with something new, unique and saleable. Different voices, different styles, rare voices, anything that will catch the attention and imagination of people worldwide. Why else would you have a song like Munni Badnaam Hui whereas the same people can give you songs like Parineeta . I think it's all wonderful. I was simply enthralled by the movie Barfi and its extraordinary music.Pakistani singers being asked to sing in movies is also because they have something unique to offer in terms of their voices, their nuances, their styles which are so wonderful. A lot of Indian singers are singing for our television serials and give us such a refreshing change. Will I ever sing for Bollywood? Yes I would love to, provided I feel my voice is needed and the lyrics and the composition excites me.Have you heard the late Indian ghazal singer Jagjit Singh? If yes, what do you think about his singing? I have grown up listening to the great Jagjit Sahib and was honoured when we did a string of concerts together in 2011. He is the voice of my youth and he will always occupy a special place in my heart especially some tips he gave me for my voice while we were touring together.Recently Kasab, a Pakistani terrorist, was hanged in India which generated string reactions from Pakistan. What is your take on the entire episode? This is a issue which really none of us is quite competent to comment and its better we leave this matter to the superior wisdom of the learned judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17631244", "title": "Testosterone levels falling, but not many are aware", "text": "MUMBAI: When psychiatrist Sreekant (name changed) started forgetting the names of his patients, he was shattered. Consultations with various doctors and diagnostic tests didn't show any problem, except for a borderline measure of testosterone, the male hormone.\"I put him on testosterone replacement therapy and he was normal soon,\" said Dr Rupin Shah, an andrologist with Lilavati Hospital. Sreekant's case, however, shows the abnormally low awareness about reduced production of testosterone or male hypogonadism. This despite the fact that the condition can reduce a man's libido, indicate his bones are weak or he suffers from a major disease such as cancer, HIV or depression.\"It would be wrong to view hypogonadism as a lifestyle condition. It's a bonafide health problem that never gets attention,\" said visiting endocrinologist Dr Surendar Bhasin from Boston University. The lone Indian study on hypogonadism found prevalence of 26% in the 170 men who participated in the study (In the US, various studies peg it between 5% and 40% depending on the age group).In many cases, hypogonadism is a harbinger of bigger diseases. \"It could be a symptom for cancer, HIV or weakened bones,\" said Dr Bhasin. Hypogonadism is also seen in men with diabetes and heart diseases.Referring to the situation in India, Dr Shah said, \"None of the diagnostic tests in India gives the right result. So, we have to repeat the tests a few times.\" The first step would be to set up the right diagnostic protocol. Then, a study would be commissioned to understand the right levels of testosterone in the Indian male, added Dr Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17631751", "title": "Meet to discuss ways to handle critical information in cyberspace", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is organising for the first time a national meet here on Monday for its officials handling critical information infrastructure in states and at the Centre as cyber emerges as the fifth domain of warfare. The meeting is in run up to the notification of the National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre (NCIIPC).NCIIPC would be part of the National Technical Research Organisation (NTRO), the technical intelligence agency set up after the Kargil conflict. Officials said NCIIPC would be the umbrella body responsible for protection of the critical information infrastructure spanning sectors such as atomic energy, transport, power etc.According to officials, the meet would see almost 200 representatives of states, central departments, ministries, PSUs etc discuss issues regarding their networks and learning about the central government's vision for protecting these networks.Among the Centre's plans are to create awareness about the threat to various networks, the huge cost of such attacks and the need to develop a robust response. Departments and ministries with critical information infrastructure are expected to appoint Chief Information Security Officers (CISOs). \"Most are yet to act, but we hope this will kick start the process for appointment of CISOs and departments setting apart dedicated budget and personnel for protection of their networks,\" an official said.The national conference would be addressed by National Security Advisor (NSA) Shiv Shankar Menon and cabinet secretary A K Seth among others. During the meeting, a pamphlet on \"roles and responsibilities of chief information security officers of critical sectors in India\" would be unveiled. A bi-monthly bulletin titled \"Cyber Suraksha\" would also be unveiled.NCIIPC has been setup under Section 70A of the Information Technology (Amendment) Act, 2008, and is responsible for critical information infrastructure, while CERT-IN (Computer Emergency Response Team-India) is responsible for cyber security of other areas.As part of the government shoring up its efforts to protect cyber infrastructure, it is also appointing a National Cyber Security Coordinator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17631666", "title": "Boar carcass seized, 3 arrested", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Poaching of wild animals through electrocution continues unabated in Ganjam district despite patrolling by forest officials in vulnerable areas. In the latest incident, at least three poachers were arrested by forest personnel from Shunkuru village in Ganjam's Buguda forest range while hunting a wild boar on Friday. The wild animal was electrocuted after it came in contact with live wires laid by the hunters outside the village.\"Besides the carcass of the wild boar, we also seized wires, bottles and some bamboos, used to electrocute the animal, from the spot,\" said Buguda forest ranger PK Sahu. The accused are identified as Khadala Bisoi, Bikram Bisoi and Bidyadhar Padhi of the same village. Two other accused have absconded, the ranger said.\"We caught them red-handed while they were trying to flee the place with the carcass,\" said Sahu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17633695", "title": "ASI dismissed from service for taking bribe", "text": "ROHTAK: Assistant-sub-inspector (ASI) Rampal Singh, who was caught accepting bribe from another cop a day earlier, was dismissed from services on Saturday. Rohtak SSP Vivek Sharma terminated his services under the special provisions of Article 311 of the constitution. The ASI, posted as a stenographer in the SP office, had demanded Rs 75,000 from a suspended ASI, Jagdish Chander, in lieu of settling his suspension case.Police said that Rampal Singh had threatened Chander of spoiling his record in the departmental inquiry. The vigilance team had laid a trap on the complaint of Jagdish Chander on Friday and caught the accused red-handed accepting Rs 10,000. The suspended cop had already paid Rs 17,000 to the accused in two installments earlier. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17665421", "title": "Salman Rushdie and Siddharth's special bond", "text": "Author Salman Rushdie and Tamil-Telugu-Hindi actor Siddharth get along like a house on fire. The unlikely friendship started during the casting of Deepa Mehta's adaptation of Rushdie's 'Midnight's Children' and now continues although the film is over.For the role in Deepa Mehta's Midnight's Children, Siddharth was the author Salman Rushdie's personal choice.Says Siddharth, \"Salman says my character Shiva is very special. He is an iconic character in the novel. I always considered Saleem Sinai one of the greatest heroes in literature. And for a great hero one needs some kind of a foil. I play that foil. I don't have the kind of space in the novel or the script that Saleem Sinai has. But I find my character very fascinating. For me to work with Deepa is a dream-come-true. She's mother-figure and a best friend. I love her to bits. That lady is cathartic. And let's not kid ourselves, Midnight's Children is the 'Booker Of Bookers' . To be part of it is an honour. Nothing like that is being done in Indian cinema.\"Expressing a disenchantment with the quality of cinema in India Siddharth says, \"We're happier with regressive than progressive cinema, more eager to crossover into the West than to make pan-India films. It's really disturbing. I have to say I've been singularly fortunate to get interesting roles. I came into acting with no background in cinema. In my 8-9 year career I've worked with ten first-time directors.\"After Midnight's Children Siddharth is again working with a female director Nandini Reddy, this time in a 'high-energy comedy'.Says Sid, \"Nandini is the first director I'm working with who has made a hit film before. I've never done that before. It's taken eight years for a hit director to want to work with me.\"In February 2012 Siddharth turned producer with what he calls an autobiographical film. \"It's called How To Mess Up In Love . I am master of that. I've done it all my life. Young people from far and wide come to consult me on how to mess up in matters of the heart. I am urban legend of romantic misfires. It did really well in the Tamil-Telugu languages, and there's talk of it being remade into Hindi. But I've to say Indian cinema has become very comfortable with mediocrity. Every day we celebrate it. We've come to a stage where good films are not allowed to be made. There is an embargo on quality work. Bad films are given a boost in marketing and release. Audiences are getting systematically dumbed down. Good films will only work accidently. We won't see Paan Singh Tomar for some time now. It's like that illegitimate child whom the father owns up to after he becomes successful.\"Siddharth is looking at a rewarding period ahead. ' I am very optimistic about the future. If I am getting work it means the work is getting better. I came in 12 years ago as this idealistic actor ready to change the system. Now I am in my mid-30s. I am just excited to get good work. I don't care about changing the future of cinema. I act because it makes me happy.\"However Siddharth says Tamil cinema is encouraging bright new directors. \"Even Gangs Of Wasseypur is dedicated to three Tamil directors. So it's not just regressive South Indian films but also quality work that's influencing Bollywood.\"Siddharth says he's single. \"Love will take a backseat for a few years. I am single , and fortunately so. I am obsessive about my work. Relationships need more nurturing than the first few months of excitement. One needs to work on something more endurable.\"Ask him about his link-up with Kamal Haasan's daughter Shruti and Siddharth quips, \"No, I just did two films with her. I've actually been linked with every co-star I've worked with. That's good because I do romantic films in the South. Having said that, let me confess I haven't found a relationship of consequence for a while .Until I own up to a relationship it's just a rumour. And by the way I don't normally talk about my personal life. Each time I am asked my standard reply is, 'And how is you sex life doing?' If you want to know about mine why can't I know about yours?'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633269", "title": "Sikhs offer prayer for school victims", "text": "Expressing shock at the senseless killing of innocent children at a school in Connecticut , the Sikh community in the USoffered prayers for the victims. \"It feels like revisiting the tragedy again which affected me and my family, \" said Amardeep Kaleka, son of the gurdwara president, who was killed in the shooting Wisconsin in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635108", "title": "Your guide to food haven", "text": "In a city where fun is synonymous with food and feasting, the Times Food and Nightlife Guide 2013, to be launched shortly, will make our foodies' gastronomical expedition an even more memorable experience.At a time when Bangalore is exploding with food options, from the eclectic to the exotic, from street fare to nouvelle cuisine, from tapas bars to fine dining, the act of choosing the right place becomes quite a daunting task. This is where the easy-to-navigate Times Food and Nightlife Guide 2013 will come in handy as your ready reckoner on everything food related. Whatever your preferred cuisine, your choice of location, your funds for the night out, the trusted Guide, authored by Suresh Hinduja, will help you make an informed choice, and also give you a heads-up on the food, decor and service of your chosen place. For those who want to play it safe, for those seeking food adventure, and those who are keen to experiment, rest assured, this Guide will serve all kinds of palates and cater to even the most finicky taste buds.With the Times Food and Nightlife Guide 2013 ready to hit the stands, can the Times Food and Nightlife awards be far behind? There'll be as many as 40 awards for various food and nightlife categories. These awards will be an acknowledgement to those who have made our food journey so delectable and divine. This strictly by-invite event at the ITC Gardenia will have the city's swish set hobnobbing with the best on Bangalore's culinary circuit in a night that will have tables groaning under the weight of the award winners' delicious food offerings. The title sponsor of the Guide is Seagram's Blenders Pride. The event is supported by Kingfisher .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "indore/ujjain", "code": "17632867", "title": "Dashrath's plan was abandoned", "text": "INDORE/UJJAIN: Dashrath mooted the idea to bomb crowded lanes around Jama Masjid, but the plan was abandoned due security, claims NIA.Later, the conspirators zeroed in on Samjhauta Express as most passengers who travel in it are Pakistani citizens. Dashrath and others who planted the bomb, were allegedly, trained in handling of weapons and explosives in a jungle near Bagli in Dewas district in 2006, says the NIA charge sheet.In its first chargesheet in June 2011, NIA had mentioned Sharma - arrested in 2010 - as only a conspirator in the case along with him Naba Kumar Sarkar alias Aseemanand, Ramji Kalsangra, Sandeep Dange and Sunil Joshi .While Joshi was murdered by the conspirators, Dange, Kalsangra, Amit and Dashrath were free still at large, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17632582", "title": "'Newly built road already damaged'", "text": "GURGAON: In what could perhaps be a result of substandard material being used for construction, a BJP councillor has alleged that the newly built outer Dhanwapur Road (the road dividing Sector 4 and Laxman Vihar), built at a cost of Rs 3.26 crore, has already been damaged at several places. This RMC road was constructed by the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) around six months ago. The problem also seems to be caused by several other reasons, as a sewer line runs underneath and water oozing from it is damaging the cement road.The councillor said despite repeated complaints no action has been taken on the matter. \"This is a major road, used by local residents every day. It is hard to believe that so many cracks have developed within a short span of six months. Since the road is uneven at many places, accidents have become a common thing. Just yesterday, two men on a motorcycle fell and were severely injured. I have repeatedly requested HUDA officials to repair the road, but they have not done anything,\" said Mangat Ram Bagri, MCG councillor, Ward 10.\"The authorities blame the contractor who carried out the work and say that the sewer line underneath the road is the main cause for the damage. The officials initially promised to carry out the repair work after monsoon. There clearly seems to be a lack of coordination between the departments as they laid the cement road even before repairing the sewer line,\" Bagri added.HUDA officials said they will repair the sewer line soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631462", "title": "Anjali Tendulkar creates a buzz!", "text": "NAGPUR: Anjali Tendulkar had been to Nagpur only once before Saturday. Four years back, she attended a BCCI function to honour Anil Kumble, Sourav Ganguly and VVS Laxman.However, she wasn't there when Sachin Tendulkar was on the verge of achieving a big milestone \u00e2\u20ac\u201d his 50th Test hundred \u00e2\u20ac\u201d two years back during the third Test against New Zealand.Naturally, her second trip to the city during the ongoing Nagpur Test created quite a buzz here. The master batsman has been going through a lean patch for quite some time and talks surrounding his retirement are gaining momentum, especially after his failure in the first innings.However, BCCI sources denied any major development on that front. \"He is on the wrong side of 30, so it's natural that every failure will be a talking point.It's not Sachin alone who is not scoring runs, others are also going through a lean patch. We should leave him alone. Nobody has played more cricket than him in the world so he knows best,\" a source told TOI.Asked about the presence of Tendulkar's wife during the Test, the source added, \"She tours with him sometimes during home Tests. It's nothing unusual. Sachin will certainly discuss his retirement with top BCCI officials. Everyone will know when that will happen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635251", "title": "Vetrimaaran injured", "text": "Director Vetrimaaran, who won the National award for Aadukalam, recently met with an accident, when he had gone for the audio launch of Nakul's Naan Rajavaga Pogiren. The film is directed by Prithvi Rajkumar and Vetrimaaran has penned the dialogues for this film.The director had gone for the launch along with cinematographer Velraj and two of his two assistants. The accident took place on ECR at 6.30 am on Friday.While Vetrimaaran suffered a few bruises, Velraj had a minor injury to his neck. The fact that they wore their seat belts did not cause serious injuries. The two assistants, who were been wearing their seat belts, were injured pretty badly.While one of them experienced an injury to his nose, the other suffered some damage to his jaw. Everybody is recovering now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17631662", "title": "Government rethink on township bar", "text": "KOLKATA: Cash constraints, the need for new investment and a booming real estate sector have prompted the state government to review its decision to bar big, private townships in Bengal.The hint of a rethink came on Saturday from deliberations at a meeting of a task force headed by state finance minister Amit Mitra that has been assigned to look into problems faced by real estate developers. State urban development minister Firhad Hakim, who is also a member of the task force, said developers were preparing a work paper. \"They have been asked to submit the paper on problems they are facing. We will then review it,\" he said.At the recently held Bengal Leads conclave, builders requested the CM to repeal the Urban Land (Ceiling and Regulation) Act, which has been done away with in many states other than Bengal, Bihar, Assam and Andhra Pradesh. They were also unhappy with the government's decision to cancel the relaxation the preceding Left Front government had allowed under section 14Y of the West Bengal Land Reforms Act, which does not allow ownership of more than 24 acres.The land question apart, builders are jittery about the stringent floor area ratio (FAR) that mandates lesser use of floor space in multi-storeyed buildings as the floors increase. The present FAR is 1.5:3. Developers want it increased to 1.5:5.Builders complain local taxes and stamp duty on housing in the state are among the highest in the country. When Mamata Banerjee came to power, there was a view that there was no need to build large townships because land was scarce. Developers, however, argued that it came in the way of setting up affordable housing for low- and middle-income groups.The task force will examine other issues such as rampant land conversion before arriving at a decision. A senior industry department official said there were instances of land allocated for industry being used for housing. The government is likely to set some guidelines in this regard when it firms up the new industrial policy. Senior Trinamool Congress MP Saugata Roy, adviser to the CM on industries, recently suggested use of industrial land should not be allowed for housing projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17633632", "title": "Additional coaches in trains to tackle winter rush", "text": "RAIPUR: To tackle the heavy rush during the winter vacation, additional coaches are being added to few express trains on different schedules. The Bilaspur-Chennai express (12851, 12852) would have an additional AC II coach from December 16 2012 to January 7, 2013. Likewise, train no. 12849, 12850, Bilaspur-Pune Express (December 20 to January 11, 2013), train no. 18207, 18208 Durg-Ajmer Express (December 17 to January 15, 2013), train no. 18205, 19206 Durg -Navtanwa Express (December 20 to January 12) and train no. 15159, 15160 Durg-Chhapra Express (December 16 to 19) would have an additional AC II tier coaches each.Also, due to the heavy rush of candidates travelling for the railway board examination, railways have added additional general coaches to relieve them of stuffed trains. The trains which would have additional coaches are Bilaspur-Raipur passenger, Raipur-Bhawanipatna passenger, Raipur-Gevra Road passenger and Raipur-Itwari passenger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17632561", "title": "On a mission to bring Tulu under Schedule VIII", "text": "MANGALORE: Several efforts have been made ever since the Karnataka Tulu Sahitya Academy was established in 1994 to bring Tulu language under the Schedule VIII of the Indian Constitution. Umanath, who assumed charge as chairman of the academy on November 12, 2011, has taken initiatives to prepare a comprehensive document that reflects the cultural heritage of Tulunadu and its language. The challenge ahead is making the dream of lakhs of Tuluvas a reality, says Umanath.What is the roadmap drawn to emphasize the demand to include Tulu in the Schedule VIII of Constitution?A workshop involving scholars, professors and experts, who have in-depth knowledge on the language, culture and heritage, will be organized to prepare a roadmap to emphasize the demand to include Tulu in the Schedule VIII of Constitution. The workshop, to be held at Abbakka Adhyayana Kendra in Sanchayanagiri on BC Road on December 23, will discuss documentation to be made on the history of Tulu language.What will be the focus of the documentation?It will be to explain why Tulu should be included in the Schedule VIII of the Constitution. Tulu scholars, professors and experts will present papers on the language, culture, heritage and history. Papers presented in the workshop will be compiled into a comprehensive document in Tulu, Kannada and English.How the academy will be able to grab the attention of the central government?A Tuluva convention will be held in New Delhi on February 24, 2013. Union minister for oil and natural gas M Veerappa Moily, former union minister Oscar Fernandes and all MPs from the region will take part in the convention which will witness the participation of hundreds of Tuluvas. A delegation of the academy, including Veerappa Moily, Oscar Fernandes and MPs, will meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and submit the document along with a memorandum.Is there any plan of expansion regarding Tulu in schools?Tulu has already been introduced as an optional language in class VI, VII and VIII. Our aim is to introduce the language in class IX. BEOs have been asked to suggest the number of textbooks needed. The work of preparing books is in progress.Is there a shortage of teachers?There is no such issue. Many are teaching the language voluntarily and a government direction too makes it a part of the curriculum.What is the progress of construction of Tulu Bhavana?We are planning to complete the work in 18 months. The full-fledged 54,000-sqft Tulu Bhavana will house a theatre, ranga mandira, library and a museum. The museum will showcase ancient artifacts used in Tulunadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17632698", "title": "Campion old students reunion held", "text": "BHOPAL: The old boys of Campion School got together for a fun-filled reunion on Saturday. Students from the first batch of 1969 till the batch of 1978 were present.Sunil Gulati, the first school captain and Manjit Singh Bedi from the first batch, initiated the function by laying a wreath and prayer meeting Late Fr More memorial, the founder principal of Campion school. The prayer ceremony was conducted by the principal of Campion School Fr Lakra and attended by all the staff of the school other than the past students. The principal lauded the efforts by the past students to hold such a get together.Dr Pradeep Chourey an ex-student said, \"It was first time in the 48 years of the history of Campion School that ex-students of the school from all over the globe met for a two-day reunion being held in the state capital. It was great catching up with all these fellows after all these years.\"Later the ex-students enjoyed the beauty of the lake side on a cruise on the Upper Lake followed by a visit to the Van Vihar. Present on this occasion were Col Vijay Varman, ex-army from Nagpur, Capt (navy) Vinod Bakshi from Lusaka, Sudarshan Rao from Hyderabad, Jamal Qureshi from USA, Zain Javadwala, Gandhi Oberoi, Satish Watwe, Animesh Parihar from Mumbai, Dr Deepak Bhatia from Baroda, the fast cyclist Chandrakant Bajpai from Bhilai, Arun Gupta, Dr Gurmeet Singh, cardiologist, Dr Akbar Ali Shamshad, and others.The ex-students were accompanied by their families. Total of 70 people were present for the reunion on Saturday.On Sunday, other past students including the Air Vice Marshal of the Indian Air Force Man Mohan Bahadur, Maj Gen, P R S Chaudhary, chief secretary R Parasuram, leader of opposition Ajay Singh and many more are likely to attend the grand function at a city restaurant on Hoshangabad Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17632352", "title": "Away from hustle and bustle of Gurgaon, readers let their hair down with Times", "text": "GURGAON: With more than four events lined up throughout the day in Gurgaon, 'The Weekend With Times' campaign, an initiative by The Times of India, on Saturday was welcomed by the readers.The day started with the mountain biking event which was organized early morning at the Aravali Biodiversity Park in Gurgaon. Many cycle enthusiasts of Gurgaon turned up to enjoy this fun-filled event. The pedalyatri team who organized and also participated in the event gave effective cycling and mountain biking tips to the participants who enjoyed this healthy morning activity completely.\"It is a great initiative by the Times group. A good view of the Aravalis and the fantastic bicycles with gears provided to us by Firefox made the event even more fun. Viru Verghese, the brand manager-trex, Firefox also gave us tips which were very useful. It was a great learning experience for us,\" says Manas Gulati, a TOI reader who participated in the event.Readers not only enjoyed cycling in the hill tracts but also learnt new effective tips. At the aloof Waterlust island resort, away from the hustle and bustle of the city, activities such as rock-climbing, zorbing, rappelling and boating were organized by the Times group which went on throughout the day. The fun-filled event attracted many adrenaline junkies.\"This was the most exciting way I could spend my weekend. Zorbing was the best one among all. I have been doing these adventure sports all my life. I think this activity organized by the Times group is really great for adventure lovers. They should conduct more such events\", says TOI reader Pankaj Sharma, who enjoyed the day.Readers also enjoyed many activities such as fishing, nature walk in the Aravali mountain range, swimming and river-crossing. While the mountain biking event was mainly for cycle enthusiasts, families participated in all other events. \"My children love rock-climbing and boating. So, I have come here with my family to enjoy the weekend. Rappelling was really an exciting activity,\" says Veena Mishra, a TOI reader who participated in the event at the resort.The ambience in the usually calm and not-so-crowded exquisite Chinese restaurant, Jing, at the Golf Course Road was different on Saturday as the 'cooking fiesta' organized here attracted many food lovers who took lessons from chef Wangley, the executive chef of the restaurant to learn some Chinese cooking skills. \"The dishes that we will prepare today are chicken in hot wing sauce and shredded lamb in red chilli sauce. Though we even customize the dishes and give an Indo-Chinese touch to it but we believe in authentic Chinese flavour and today we are going to only give it a complete Chinese taste instead of customizing it,\" says chef Wangley. Having worked in the renowned hotels like Sheraton in Beijing and ITC, Oberoi and Taj here, Chef Wangley is one of the most famous names in the cooking industry. The event attracted many Chinese-cuisine lovers. \"This event was really cool. The dishes that he prepared were really delicious. It was great to see Chef Wangley prepare the dishes,\" says TOI reader Saurav Uppal.The surprise of the day was a kick-boxing event, organized by the extreme kick-boxing and martial arts group at DLF Phase I, community centre. The event made people aware of the importance of fitness. \"Kick-boxing is not only important for fitness but also for self-defence. It helps us get a good physique, losing weight and getting more confidence. Though I was not expecting so many people but it's really great to know that so many people are interested in such an unpopular sport like kick-boxing. The initiative taken by TOI is really commendable. We will encourage such events,\" says Aman Kumar, extreme kick-box and martial arts.The response received was unexpected. People turned up in large numbers and they were even waiting at the venue for a long time. \"I love kick-boxing. The event was really very exciting,\" says Kunal Khanna, a TOI reader and a kick-boxing fan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17635809", "title": "Migration of crocodiles from Cumbharjua canal needs to be studied, say environmentalists", "text": "PANAJI: Marsh crocodiles have existed since hoary times in the historic Cumbharjua canal, but environmentalists feel a study is needed to find out why they have spread to other places in the state.It is believed that the muggers were brought by the Portuguese and their presence in the marshy areas of Banastarim halted enemies marching towards the former capital of Old Goa in their tracks.The crocodiles have amazingly adapted themselves to the brackish water conditions. The marshy areas on either side of the 15km long canal, which was deepened by the Portuguese to link Goa's two main rivers, has proved to be a paradise for the breeding of buggers.\"They are not seen in such a density in any other place in Goa,\" a forest department official conceded.But frantic sand extraction activity and increased barge movement in the canal has disturbed their long-standing habitat. \"A study needs to be conducted to assess the various factors leading to their migration to upstream areas of River Mandovi and its tributaries,\" the official added.Animal lovers also feel that disturbance caused by sand extraction and barge movement may be the major factor rather than lack of food for their migration.\"Sand extractors who find baby crocodiles in their scoops may be killing them or giving them to others to be kept as pets,\" Arnold Noronha, a naturalist said.In 2011, villagers of Marcaim had opposed the setting up of a marine industrial park on the banks of River Zuari, alleging that it would affect fish stock and other marine life, especially crocodiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17631724", "title": "Pipili gang rape: Panel quizzes forensic officer", "text": "CUTTACK: The scientific officer who conducted the polygraph test of the four accused in the gang rape and murder of the 19-year-old dalit girl in Pipili last year, deposed before the Justice P K Mohanty Commission on Saturday.Sujan Kumar Das, officer of the state forensic science laboratory, stated before the commission that lie detection test of the four accused, Prashant Pradhan, Sukanta Pradhan, Gurna Chandra Swain and Premananda Nayak,was conducted under his supervision on direction of the investigating officer. Das was also cross-examined by counsels of opposite parties.The commission had summoned the then SP (Puri) A N Sinha, and the then SDPO (Pipili) R K Rout but both of them sought time to depose before the commission. The commission has issued a notice to the then Pipili tehsildar and doctors of SCB Medical College and Hospital to depose before it on December 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17633911", "title": "1.09 lakh cases settled in Maha Lok Adalat", "text": "INDORE: The Maha Lok Adalats held in Indore division on Saturday heard a record 1,49,693 cases relating to civil disputes. The lok adalats held in the district have helped in saving valuable time and money of the litigants.Reports reaching here late night hours said that during the day the courts settled a total of 1,09,932 cases. These litigations involved a compensation amount of Rs 91.99 crore.The maha lok adalat has benefitted about 77,657 litigants. Among the cases about 90,000 cases were related to revenue matters while 10% of the total cases were relating to registration, birth and death certificate cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17632118", "title": "Forest guards to be insured", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Frontline staff in the forest department like watchers working in protected areas will soon be brought under an insurance scheme with hardship allowance.The decision was taken at the State Wildlife Board meeting held at the chief minister's home office on Saturday. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar agreed to the suggestion and has asked the forest department to prepare a proposal and send it to the finance department.The issue was raised by wildlife biologist and board member Sanjay Gubbi, who made a PowerPoint presentation on the plight of watchers manning the forests, who work in an atmosphere bereft of all basic amenities. They have also not been provided with any facilities. Even after working for more than 15 years they have no security, Guddi said, and requested the CM to bring them under an insurance scheme and provide them with a special allowance on a par with police who work in Naxal-infested areas. The CM also gave his consent for the appointment of 300 watchers on permanent basis.Shettar also demanded for an inspection of the Tungabhadra Otter Sanctuary by a subcommittee of the board headed by its vice chairperson Anil Kumble. He asked the group to take up the inspection and submit a report at the next board meeting.The board also discussed the mushrooming of resorts in hilly areas and also near national parks and wildlife sanctuaries. Members and forest officers requested the chief minister not to give permission for the construction of resorts in eco-sensitive areas. In reply, the chief minister said he would make it mandatory that all projects will be routed through the forest department and the department's approval will be mandatory.Issue of NOC for Bhushan steel plant near Daroji Sloth Bear Sanctuary came up for discussion again but the proposal was rejected again saying there was no fresh ground for reconsideration of NOC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631469", "title": "BJP MLAs vow to help improve GMCH cancer dept", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally opposition leaders and BJP MLAs from the city seem to have woken from the slumber for the cause of the city. They met the government medical college and hospital dean Dr Rajaram Powar and assured him their support for improving the radiotherapy (cancer treatment) department by building pressure on the government for funds.TOI had published a report on the state government's apathy and neglect of cancer patients of the region and the department on Saturday. \"Though we had already planned a calling attention motion on the subject already, the TOI report gave us a clearer picture of the situation. The details presented in the story made us rethink on the issue and we went to meet the dean and the patients. We will leave no stone unturned to get funds from both centre and state,\" said Devendra Fadnavis, the BJP MLA from South-West Nagpur.Other BJP leaders including east Nagpur MLA Krishna Khopde, central Nagpur MLA Vikas Kumbhare and city BJP secretary Ravindra Bhoyar met the dean and assured him all support. Fadnavis said that though 'linear accelerator' (Rs25 lakh) was an expensive machine but it has become indispensable for GMCH looking at the huge number of patients treated there.\"State is sitting over the central government proposal of allocating Rs6 crore as it is not willing to put in its 20% share of its contribution of Rs1.2 crore. This is height of apathy,\" added Fadnavis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17632478", "title": "JD(S) promises development corporation for Christians", "text": "MANGALORE: A separate development corporation will be set up for the Christian minority in the state if the JD(S) comes to power in the ensuing assembly elections, said JD(S) state president H D Kumaraswamy on Saturday.\"We have held discussion with various Christian leaders and met the Archbishop Bernard Moras to discuss the necessity to set up Karnataka Christian Minority Development Corporation. The objective of setting up a separate corporation will be the economic empowerment of the community. It will be a reality if the JD(S) is elected to power,\" Kumaraswamy said at a convention organized by the Christian minority cell of the party.He said that peace and co-existence is the mantra to preserve harmony in the society. \"Christian community has the patience and tolerance. It was displayed several times when they were attacked in the coastal districts. The Congress and the BJP are the two sides of the coin. Both parties try to split the society. Neither the Congress nor the BJP has made honest effort to create harmonious atmosphere in society,\" he alleged.\"The state was enjoying significant position in the cultural history of India. However, it has been battered in the past four-and-half-a-year rule of the BJP. The Congress alleges that JD(S) paved way for the BJP rule in the state. That statement shows the party's narrow-minded thinking. I did not allow BJP to rule the state and I did not give opportunity for BJP leaders to engage in illegal activities. Congress leaders did never protest honestly against illegal activities of BJP leaders,\" he said, adding that the Congress has hidden agenda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17632072", "title": "BSF busts fake currency racket", "text": "GUWAHATI: The BSF has busted a fake Indian currency note (FICN) racket operating in Dhubri district bordering Bangladesh . A BSF spokesman said deputy commandant of Border Security Force, Dhubri, A Senthil Kumar, planned an operation to nab FICN racketeers and apprehended two members along with currency worth Rs 75,000 in Golakganj. Two mobile handsets were also seized from their possession. \"It has been found that the quality of FICN seized from the suspects is of superior quality,\" the spokesman added. Later, police nabbed the kingpin of the racket, identified as Tayab Ali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631461", "title": "Son, wife arrested for mother's death", "text": "NAGPUR: A man and his wife were arrested for the death of his 60-year-old mother at Misal layout on November 30.Ratnamala Waghmare had slipped into a well after being pushed by her son Vinod and daughter-in-law Mamta during an argument over an ongoing construction work at their residence.Local residents immediately rescued Ratnamala from the well and rushed her to a private hospital. She was discharged from the hospital after preliminary treatment. Ratnamala later collapsed at home. Jaripatka police had initially registered a case of accidental death.It is learnt that Jaripatka police conducted an investigation before it came to the conclusion that Vinod and Mamta's act of pushing the senior citizen into the well led to her death. An offence of culpable homicide not amounting to murder was slapped against the couple before they were taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17633062", "title": "Durai Dayanidhi signs bail register in police station", "text": "MADURAI: A day after he surrendered, Union minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dayanidhi Alagiri appeared before the police in Keelavalavu police station on Saturday, complying with the bail orders.Accompanied by a battery of advocates and associates of his father from the DMK, Durai arrived at the police station around 10 am and signed the papers as part of his bail condition. A large number of DMK cadres had gathered in front of the police station and raised slogans praising him as well as his father. Within moments after he signed at the station, Durai left the place hurriedly.Durai who was on the run from the police for the past four months since a case was registered against him in the illegal granite quarrying scam, had surrendered at the Melur judicial magistrate court on Saturday after he managed to obtain anticipatory bail. Durai has also surrendered his passport on the orders of the high court.Though the bail has come as a reprieve for Durai, police are pursuing the case against him and hope to nail him. Police say that though Durai claimed to have relinquished the post of director of Olympus Granites, one of the firms accused in the scam, there is ample evidence to establish his role in the scam. In an inspection by the district administration officials, Olympus Granites was found to have illegally mined granite worth Rs 44 crore. Besides, the evidences claimed to be in possession of police, the officials hope that investigation with Durai Dayanidhi's partner S Nagarajan and other accused in the scam would throw light on his role in the loot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17632914", "title": "Blood donation camp at Andhra University", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Everybody should consider blood donation as a moral responsibility in order to save the lives of scores of people in society, Union minister of state for commerce and industries, D Purandeswari said here on Saturday, while inaugurating a blood donation camp at the NSS wing of Andhra University.Underlining the importance of blood donation, she said that accident cases were rising, as were certain diseases like anaemia that require a large quantity of blood. She also handed over consolation prizes to blood donors including Ganta Rajendra Prasad, G Bangarraju, Anil Kumar, Sandhya and Sugandhi. AU registrar, V Uma Maheswara Rao and NSS co-ordinator, Paul were present at programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17632672", "title": "500 BEd aspirants duped", "text": "NOIDA: Over 500 students were duped by a fly-by-night institute promising BEd degrees in Sector-18. The training institute named 'BD Leader's College of Training' was being run from a room of 150 sq ft. The accused defrauded the students of a total of Rs 2.5 crore in three months. Their fee ranged from Rs 50,000 to Rs 70,000 per student. Cops are on the lookout for the accused.The prime accused has been identified as Rochak Sharma, alleged to be the head of the institute.\"In the last three months, Rochak had convinced a number of students from different academic backgrounds to pay him hefty fees in exchange for a BEd degree. He had promised them guaranteed success and in some cases even a placement,\" said a senior police officer. Police said Sharma was running the institute from a small rented shop in one of the commercial buildings at Sector 18.On Saturday, some of these students came to the institute to inquire about their course only to find that Sharma had shut shop and fled. \"The students came to the Sector 20 police station and complained,\" said the officer.On inquiring at the neighbouring shops, police have found that Sharma had only recently occupied the shop, and since then a stream of students had been coming in.\"It seems that Sharma was running a complex scheme, targeting the large number of students aspiring to get a job as a lecturer in Noida and Greater Noida's many colleges,\" said the officer. \"A search is on for the accused and we are sparing no effort to recover the money lost by the students,\" said Rita Yadav, SHO of Sector 20 police station.According the district education department, the problem of fake universities is not a new one. The UGC had notified in December that Indrapasthra Shiksha Parishad in Noida is a fake university.TOI had earlier reported that there was no such institution at the address listed by the university and the administration was unable to take any concrete action to stop it simply because they couldn't find the exact location of the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17632673", "title": "Ex-banker jailed in cheque bounce case", "text": "KANPUR: The special metropolitan magistrate I of Kanpur Nagar, JP Agarwal on Saturday convicted ex-SBI employee Narendra Kumar Soni in a cheque bounce case and punished him with 15 months' imprisonment.The judge punished the accused when complainant Laxmi Narayan, a retired judge submitted before the court that the accused Narendra Kumar was a cheat and he had deceived the court by not complying with the court orders. According to case file, Laxmi Narayan and Narendra Kumar were friends and the former had given a sum of Rs 12 lakh as loan to Narendra Kumar. Narendra Kumar had later issued a cheque of the loan amount which was not honoured by the bank. However, both the complainant and the accused reached a compromise after the intervention of court in this matter.Since the accused had repaid some money earlier, both the parties agreed for a sum of Rs 7,05,000. The amount was to be paid in 12 installments and each installment was of Rs 58,375. The accused however did not repay the loan, in violation of the court order. The court summoned him by way of non-bailable warrant and attachment of property process. Narendra on Saturday pleaded that since he was ill, he could not comply with the court orders and therefore more time should be given to him.However on the request of complainant Laxmi Narayan, the judicial officials sent Narendra Kumar to jail and ordered that the attachment process would continue for the refund of remaining amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633300", "title": "A dark cloud over red districts", "text": "Sex workers are increasingly getting aware of AIDS. But few know of a severe form of tuberculosis that is killing them.Two kittens chase each other, a few children scamper about as customers move in and out of a series of rooms encircling a dingy courtyard at a kotha in Garstin Bastion Road, popularly known as GB Road - the biggest red light district in Delhi. It's business as usual for these women in their first floor cubbyholes even as the sanitaryware market below buzzes with activity. Inquisitive outsiders , especially those asking questions about diseases, are not welcome in this twilight world and queries are often answered with indifference. \"Haan pata hai. Kaafi khatarnak bimaari hai. Toh?\", asks a sex worker when told about AIDS. But ask them about TB and there are blank stares.This low awareness about a disease which this community is particularly susceptible to, is quite disturbing, says Rajender Menen, author and journalist who has written about sex trade in India for more than two decades. \"People from this industry don't die from AIDS now like they used to. Even the local streetwalker uses condoms. The big threat really is TB, especially multi-drug resistant TB (MDR TB) that is tough to cure.\"It's not difficult to see why sex workers in India are particularly vulnerable to TB. Most operate in tightly packed spaces that facilitate disease transmission . Then, there is a high level of exposure to a large client base and poor access to healthcare - all of which provides a perfect breeding ground for the silent killer that can remain undiagnosed for years. \"Most sex workers may not be allowed to access health services, even if they have symptoms of TB. So, there may be long delays before the disease is diagnosed . Chances are most would go to quacks or informal providers who may provide incorrect treatment regimens and induce drug resistance,\" says Madhukar Pai, a TB researcher with McGill University in Canada.Accurate figures on the number of TB cases in the community, however, are difficult to come by. In Mumbai - a city with close to 30,000 female sex workers - only 222 were referred to the Directly Observed Therapy (DOT) centres run by the government under the Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme (RNTCP) in the last two years. Minni Khetarpal, special tuberculosis officer at the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation admits that the reach of RNTCP is restricted as far as commercial sex workers are concerned. \"Brothels are run by former sex workers or gharwalis, who are reluctant to send the young girls to DOT centres every day,\" she says. Many NGOs working with the community agree that convincing sex workers that they require treatment is a difficult task. \"Most of the women are so much into drinking, smoking or tobacco chewing that they are completely unwilling to take medicines,\" says a counsellor from a Nagpur-based NGO. In addition, their diet is so poor that they catch TB easily due to negligible resistance. \"Because of low immunity, they are susceptible to even common cold,\" says Sanjay Mishra, a member of Jharkhand State Child Rights Protection Commission. \"But in the past few years, cases of TB among sex workers are coming up even in far-flung districts. This shows that the problem is getting severe.\" What makes matters worse is that sex workers have a greater chance of contracting TB if they already have HIV. \"For an HIV-positive sex worker, the risk of contracting tuberculosis is twice as high,\" says Soumya Swaminathan, director of the Chennai-based National Institute for Research in Tuberculosis. Also, the six-month DOT treatment programme has to be diligently followed. Very few sex workers are able to do this and inevitably end up contracting MDR TB which is the result of an incomplete treatment protocol. Jothilakshmi, a 31-year-old sex worker from Chennai says that a few of her friends who contracted TB were told by doctors that they should live in isolation till the six-month course of medication is completed. \"All of them ignored the advice because that would have meant no business for six months,\" she says. \"Their condition worsened after a while and one of them died last month.\" Before more deaths happen, it's time society steps in - much like it has done with a successful AIDS campaign - to save this community from itself.-- Reports by Sumitra Deb Roy in Mumbai; Snehlata Shrivastav in Nagpur; Pushpa Narayan in Chennai ; Sanjay Ojha in Ranchi; Subhro Niyogi in Kolkata and, Rajiv G in Thiruvananthapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17632898", "title": "Tourism promotion degrading Visakhapatnam\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s heritage?", "text": "How often does a city's historical past come knocking at her door? How many cities in the world have heritage sites of immense antiquity discovered in their very backyard?Very few. And Visakhapatnam is one such city. When treasures such as Bavikonda and Thotlakonda were discovered at a short distance from the city, what did the denizens expect the government to do? They trusted it to take care of the sites, to conserve and protect them in trust for posterity, as such heritage is the pride of the city and its people.Bavikonda and Thotlkonda were excavated in the mid-eighties. When they were newly exposed, the sites were found to be in a relatively good condition in spite of their age. The lime plastered flooring of some of the structures was intact in places, as were the postholes that supported the super structures. Brick ornamentations of the monk's cells, like the kalashas and the moulded bricks, too had weathered well.A few carved stone artifacts found at the spot, like the votive stupas, chatris and the monolithic water trough, were damaged but could be easily put together with some effort and thought. As the monastery was inhabited by the conservative Theravada sect of Buddhists, no images of Buddha were seen among the ancient remains. The objects of worship were the Triratnas (Buddham, Dhammam and Sangham), the Buddhapadas and the stupas. The department of archaeology did a competent job of excavating and documenting the twin sites. Things went well that far.Soon the situation changed. With the government deciding to give priority to tourism, the all-important matter of conserving the 2000-year-old monastery took a backseat. Over the years, scant effort was made to conserve the structures and to stem their deterioration due to weathering. Instead, successive ministers and officials came up with grandiose plans to 'develop and showcase' the sites.There was no comprehensive plan to prepare it for tourism, nor were serious concerns like securing the land that rightfully belonged to the site, providing it with foolproof security or more importantly, controlling the excessive footfall at the ancient monastery, addressed. Instead, the ministers and officials were anxious to leave their individual stamps, including foundation stones, on the fragile archaeological site while all principles of heritage conservation were thrown to the winds.A strange, if skewed, logic prevailed. To boost tourism, the Buddhist sites, along with the other tourist destinations of the city, had to be 'prettied' and made more attractive, implying that somehow the tourists had to be tempted and enticed to visit the 2000-year-old Buddhist sites. The implication was also that the Buddhist sites, by themselves, were not 'attractive', so they had to be provided with additional ornamentations that might please the tourists.Instead of providing qualified guides, signages and an interpretation center to explain the historicity and the cultural significance of the ancient monasteries, what did the government do? It built a 60-foot wide blacktopped road running right into the ancient site, replacing a 2000-year-old stone pavement. The lime-plastered flooring and the postholes were thoroughly covered with cement and the broken stone ornamentations were thrown to a corner.The money that should have been spent on conserving the core structures was instead spent on building an ornamental arch at the entrance of the hill. As an added attraction, a cement concrete Buddha, complete with several sculptural friezes, were strategically placed right on the way to the top. To introduce Buddha's imagery to a Buddhist site, which did not subscribe to image worship, flies in the face of all known norms of cultural preservation, not to mention the serious matter of misrepresenting history!As if that wasn't enough, boating was planned in the sacred tank adjacent to the site and a soft drink kiosk was built right next to it. Nowhere in the world is a heritage site as valuable as Thotlakonda so devalued in the name of tourism promotion.The final blow to the ancient monastery came when the ancient structures were ripped apart and rebuilt with freshly baked modern bricks! By the time the dust had settled and the government completed the job of \"beautifying\" the hill sufficiently, the 2000-year-old monastery stood degraded, having lost its original character! What the government succeeded in doing was to significantly erode the value of city's heritage and to diminish its tourist potential.One adage that we must remember is that heritage is not a renewable asset. Once destroyed, it cannot be recreated. Moreover, heritage belongs to the future and we hold it in trust for our posterity. It is our responsibility to pass it on to our children in as good a condition as we inherited it.If the city's heritage is harmed in the name of tourism promotion, it is high time Visakhapatnam stands up and protests!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633302", "title": "India beats China in UK", "text": "Latest reports from UK say Indian meals have overtaken Chinese and Italian as top take-aways.It's been a while since chicken tikka masala was conferred with the crown of national dish of the UK. Ever since, the curry industry, as it's popularly referred to, has continued to grow, producing Indian dishes made to suit the British palette. Today, it boasts over10,000 restaurants and 80,000 employees, and an annual turnover of \u00c2\u00a33.5 billion, making it an important part of UK's economy.Latest statistics show that curry restaurants (a blanket term for high and mid-end Indian restaurants , Bangladeshi curry houses and Pakistani kebab eateries) in Britain serve approximately 2.5 million customers every week. In London alone, there are more Indian restaurants than in Mumbai and Delhi combined. Close to 43 million portions of chicken tikka masala are served per year in restaurants across Britain.But it's not just about food. Indian cuisine's popularity is also witnessed in the National Curry Week events held every year as well as the annual British Curry Awards that have become a highlight in London's social calendar - Prime Minister David Cameron refers to them as 'the curry Oscars' . The eighth edition of the Awards that took place in London last month had another ingredient to add to its menu: latest statistics reveal that an Indian meal is now the preferred choice of take-away among the British population, overtaking Chinese and pizzas. This led to the introduction of a new category in this year's Awards - Best Delivery Restaurant/Takeaway.Curry may be born in India, but British Bangladeshis globalised it. So affirms Enam Ali MBE, founder of the Awards and promoter of the British Curry industry for the past 30 years. Bradford and East London's Brick Lane are brimming with Bangladeshi curry houses. \"The industry has created over 100,000 jobs for South Asians in UK,\" says Enam.Besides the all-time favourite chicken tikka masala , jalfrezi comes a close second for a gravy, whereas lamb shanks or chops are well-liked in fine-dining restaurants, says Enam. Seekh kebabs are still the most popular in casual dining restaurants, he adds. A British version of the popular vindaloo and kormas are also in the most-wanted list.But how has the industry developed from stuffy curry houses to Michelin-starred restaurants in the past three decades? \"The primary change is in people's perceptions. In the beginning, curry houses were nothing more than places to drink cheap beer in. Curries were considered to be pungent smelling; now the British call them fragrant,\" says Enam. Chef Cyrus Todiwala OBE of fine-dining restaurants Cafe Spice Namaste and Mr Todiwala's Kitchen says, \"When I came here almost two decades ago, I was shocked to see that every Indian restaurant had identical menus, dishes and prices. There was no variety, no experimentation . Cafe Spice Namaste initiated that process and this paved the way for future restaurants to establish their own identity and bring a diverse Indian palette to the table.\"Now, in spite of the current economic gloom, an average of 10 new restaurants open in the UK each year. Besides fine-dining venues, banquet halls and street-food-inspired restaurants are emerging as well. Covent Garden's Dishoom, based on Mumbai's Irani-style cafes, kick-started the trend of stylised Indian street food. Marylebone's Roti Chai soon followed suit. \"Chefs and restaurants are now getting innovative and creative with flavours, decor and sub-cuisines ,\" says Enam.But despite a wave of Michelin-starred restaurants across London (which are too posh and expensive for the average British diner), Cyrus admits that the \"cheap and cheerful\" brand image of Indian restaurants prevails. Take Pakistani-Punjabi kebab houses Tayyab's , Needoo's and Lahore Kebab House, all in East London. Frequented by Asians, Britishers and celebrities alike, they are now legendary, known for their generous portions of delicious kebabs and gravies at cheap prices. It's not surprising to see long queues here during weekends.However, strict immigration rules are restricting the entry of quality chefs from India. \"The pioneers of the Curry Industry had no training besides what little they learned in their mothers' kitchens. And now, there are numerous qualified chefs in India who are finding it difficult to come here. The biggest problem the industry is facing is a shortage of skilled chefs,\" says Ali.The humble curry has indeed come a long way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17633064", "title": "Order restraining reporters from collecting news stayed", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Friday granted an interim injunction on an order passed by the chairman of the Kayalpatnam Municipality in Thuthukodi district, on a writ petition filed by the managing trustee of Kayal First Trust.According to the petitioner I.M.S. Mohammed, the trust's online news portal (www.kayalpatnam.com) was started in 1998. As this portal was popular among the local people and NRIs who hail from Kayalpatnam, it has been providing information about various activities and local news of Kayalpatnam by deputing reporters in the town since 1998.Recently it published an audio conversation among councillors regarding sharing of money likely to be received by them and officials in the implementation of the Rs 30 crore worth 'Water Supply Project' of the Kayalpatnam municipality.Following the expose, the councillors boycotted the council meetings from June to August (such meetings are held once a month), demanding that reporters of the portals be prevented from collecting news from the municipality.Accepting their demand, the chairman passed an order on September 25.Aggrieved by this order, the petitioner approached the court.When the petition came up before Justice R Subbiah, senior counsel M Ajmalkhan who appeared for the petitioner told the court that the Freedom of Speech and Expression guaranteed under Article 19 (1) of the Indian Constitution can be restricted only by a law made by the legislature. It cannot be restricted by administrators.Following it, Justice Subbiah gave an interim injunction on the order passed by the municipal chairman and posted the matter by four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17632886", "title": "Private colleges choose to make light of fire safety norms", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The city may have been lucky to have not witnessed any major fire accidents in any of its high rise buildings so far, but its only a matter of time before this luck runs out, especially as far as the spate of private and corporate colleges that have mushroomed all over the city over the last 10 years are concerned, fears the fire department.There are an estimated 281 junior colleges in the city, of which 221 are private or un-aided colleges. Of these, nearly 50 are located in high-rise buildings, standing over four storeys tall and situated in densely populated commercial or residential areas. At any given time, any of these colleges have at least 500 to 1,500 students on campus during peak hours.Recalling a recent fire scare, Arshita, a second year student in one of these corporate colleges said \"Recently there was a short circuit in our chemistry lab and we were stuck in the corridor as it was locked and the watchman had gone out for tea. We were gripped by panic and even a few minutes delay could have either led to a stampede or resulted in suffocation.\"A quick tour reveals that most of these colleges functioning from 'apartment' like premises have paid scant attention to the most rudimentary fire safety norms. While a few have some fire-fighting equipment like axes, sand buckets and hose pipes in most instances they are just show-pieces.\"Most buildings just have one stairway for passage and are similar to prisons, as the corridors are secured by iron grills that are locked during college hours to curtail the movement of students from one floor to another,\" said the official.Explaining the basic requirements for fire safety, district fire officer Krishna Chaitanya said it depends on the height of the building and location. \"For a G plus four building the basic requirements are fire hoses and fire extinguishers on every floor, fire indicators, a water tank in the basement with minimum 20,000 litre capacity and a water pump with a pumping capacity of at least 900 litres per minute. When a similar building is located in a congested area, where it is difficult to drive down a fire brigade van, the college management should have an additional overhead water tank with a pumping facility,\" he said.Though the National Building Code of 2005 specifies that any building over 15 metres in height should have a fire-fighting system installed, this norm is grossly flouted by all colleges. To side step the code, the powerful lobby of builders and realtors influenced the state government to extend the limit to 18 metres through an order. \"There is a clear deviation from the national code in the state government order. The fire department caters to certifying buildings over 15 m as per the NBC, but this has been made redundant with the government order. Now it is up to the fire department in GVMC to certify the fire safety aspect for buildings up to 18 m. And it is easy to get the certificate from the GVMC for reasons known to all,\" said a senior official from the fire department.After the fire incident at A RI Hospital in Kolkata, where 90 people died, the NBC has laid down strict rules that buildings above 15 m should have a hose reel of at least 60 m on each floor, four fire extinguishers on each floor, a public address system or fire alarm system, yard hydrants placed on all sides in case the setback of 6 m is not followed, a sprinkler system, an underground water sump of 50,000 to 1,00,000 litre capacity with 7 hp motor and an overhead water tank of at least 25,000 litre capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17635600", "title": "Bus services to connect Ghaziabad, Noida and Greater Noida", "text": "LUCKNOW: In what is expected to bring relief to the residents of Ghaziabad, Noida and Greater Noida, the Ghaziabad Development Authority(GDA) is likely to float a Special Purpose Vehicle to start a city bus service between the three cities.The project is expected to take off soon after the authority finalises the action plan for the city bus service, work on which is already underway.To finalise the details of this project, managing director, Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation, Alok Kumar, met GDA chairman, Santosh Kumar Yadav, on December 13, 2012. Following the meeting it was decided that the Noida and Greater Noida authorities will bear 35 per cent each of the total cost incurred on the implementation of the project. The remainder 30 per cent will be shared between the GDA and Uttar Pradesh Transport Corporation in the ratio of 20 and 10 per cent, respectively.GDA officials also said the Greater Noida Development Authority Officer on special duty, Yogendra Singh Yadav, had asked the GDA to participate in a programme to start the bus services to Ghaziabad. As part of this arrangement, GDA will run 25 buses in the metropolitan area from January 26, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17634373", "title": "Kriti Kharbanda's first commercial hit", "text": "Actor Kriti Kharbanda, who's currently shooting for Pawan Wodeyar's Googly, is ecstatic that she's had her first commercial hit in Sandalwood with Prem Adda. The actress has been in a celebratory mood ever since, she reveals.The film, which is the remake of the Tamil cult superhit Subramaniapuram , released in the first week of December and has fared well across most of Karnataka. Directed by Mahesh Babu (who also helmed Kriti's Kannada debut Chirru ), the film sees the actress paired alongside director-turned-actor Prem.\"The reviews from the critics and the audience have been very encouraging. Also, I'm very happy that the film has done good business across the state. It does make one feel nice when you hear that your film is a commercial hit,\" says Kriti.Kriti is also upbeat about her film Googly . She is currently shooting for its climax sequence and songs in Mangalore. \"This film is going to be a complete entertainer and I'm really excited to see how the audience reacts to my character,\" says the actress, who is paired alongside Yash in the film.Meanwhile, Kriti's next release will most probably be her Telugu film Ongole Githa , where she will be romancing Tollywood star Ram Pothineni in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17631995", "title": "Army denies selling arms to Myanmar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Army is insisting that no lethal weapon from its inventory has ever been sold to any foreign country, least of all to Myanmar's military junta. The Army has been forced to come up with a clarification after a Carl Gustav M3 anti-tank rifle from its inventory turned up with the Myanmarese army recently.Swedish government earlier this week sought explanation from the Indian government over the controversial find, which is in violation of the arms embargo imposed on the Myanmar's military junta. Carl Gustav is manufactured by Swedish firm Saab.A senior Army officer told TOI that the Army has never sold any lethal weapons to any foreign country. \"The DGMO (directorate general of military operations) is checking up,\" another source said, when asked how a rifle, carrying serial number of a weapon system sold to the Indian Army, turned up in Myanmar.On Thursday, the Swedish trade minister Ewa Bjorling had told Swedish parliament that the Swedish Agency for Non-Proliferation and Export Controls \"has requested an expedited answer from India\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17632484", "title": "Two new trains flagged off", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Responding to appeals for creation of a separate railway zone (SRZ) at Vizag, Union minister of state for railways Kotla Suryaprakash Reddy assured citizens that he would make sincere efforts to accord SRZ status to the Visakhapatnam division of East Coast Railways.Interacting with reporters at the railway station here on Saturday, the minister said he would urge the railway board to pay special attention on developing railway services and passenger amenities in the state, particularly Visakhapatnam division, as it beings in huge revenues for the government. Replying to a query, the minister hinted that the railways' financial position was not good due to which the ministry was taking up works on a priority basis.Earlier, the minister flagged off 22801/22802 Visakhapatnam-Shirdi-Visakhapatnam Weekly Superfast Express and 22869/22870 Visakhapatnam-Chennai-Visakhapatnam Weekly Superfast Express trains from the station.The AICC and PCC delegates' meeting was convened to prepare the party for the state assembly elections due in December 2013. A political resolution was passed in this regard at the meeting where the chief minister stayed for almost the entire day. Presence of Nagaur MP Jyoti Mirdha and PCC member Divya Maderna (first after her father Mahipal Maderna's arrest in Bhanwari Devi case) at the meeting was also a talking point.According to sources, ex-legislator Lodha alleged that the Bharatpur district administration seemed to have permission from the chief minister's office for the police firing on protesters at Gopalgarh on September 14, 2011. TOI made efforts to contact Bharatpur's then district collector Krishna Kunal but his phone remained unanswered on Saturday. Kunal was suspended by the Gehlot-government for the firing, but the officer was reinstated by a tribunal court.Talking to reporters after the meeting, chief minister Gehlot admitted that some party delegates criticized his government. \"I am of the opinion that shortcomings should be pointed out and suggestions should be made. It then becomes our duty to take corrective measures,\" Gehlot said, without referring to the allegations on him.Lodha, the Congressman from Sirohi district who is considered close to Union minister Joshi, however, stressed at the meeting that PCC chief Chandrabhan who headed a party committee to probe the Gopalgarh incident had first justified the firing, but the organisation and the government took a u-turn after AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi's visit to the affected region.Criticizing the police firing on people protesting over ownership of a government land, Lodha argued that the government ought to have shown the same restraint on the Gopalgarh protest as shown on the Gujjar quota protests held on railway tracks.Sources said Lodha accused the Gehlot-government of failing to do anything about the corruption allegations against the previous Vasundhara Raje-led state government. He alleged that loopholes were left in forming the commission meant to probe Raje government's corruptions. As such, the commission was struck down by the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632204", "title": "Taste of streets at chaat show", "text": "NEW DELHI: Few things are more enjoyable than having sarson ka saag and makke di roti topped with butter under Delhi's winter sun. Or aloo tikki with dollops of chutney and saunth followed by papri-chaat, dahi-bhalle - all this and more was on offer at the street food festival at Constitution Club grounds on Saturday.Visitors could tuck into the many flavours of India - from Punjab's makke di roti to Rajasathan's chewar and finni; from Karnataka's exotic tamarind rice and unique chicken and mutton dishes to Old Dilli's paranthas and pakoras. In total, there were 47 stalls from 16 states selling the most delectable street food delights. The festival began on Friday and will close on Sunday.The festival has been organized by the National Association of Street Vendors of India (NASVI), an organization that was formed in 1998 to safeguard the interests of street vendors.According to the owner of Bittoo Fast Food, from Ludhiana, \"We need to give regular hafta to policemen, else they wreak our stalls, saying that it is illegal construction. Restaurants who have a problem with our low-priced yet quality food are the ones who usually complain to the municipal authorities.\"A Rajasthani vendor had a common refrain - \"So what if our stalls impede traffic and lead to congestion? The government should give us a zone where we can set up shop. Otherwise, where will we go?\"When asked about the hygiene guidelines that street vendors are notorious for ignoring, he quickly retorts-\"We are cleaner than restaurants. Whatever we make, we make before the customer's eyes. In restaurants, you don't know what you're getting.\"According to Ranjeet, programme manager NASVI, regulation and not outright rejection is the solution to the problem of street food vendors. \"Article 9(G) of the Constitution explicitly upholds the right of street food vendors to transact business. Therefore, it is the government that is on the wrong side of the law when it tries to uproot street food vendors. Problems like congestion and illegal construction can be countered by having separate zones for the vendors. After much lobbying, the Centre released a National Policy in 2004 where it promised to form these zones, but the implementation in most cities has been lax. We hope that with the Bill introduced in the Lok Sabha in September 2012 for the emancipation of street vendors, our movement will get some legal teeth.\"If it is true that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach, then NASVI's idea of organizing a street food festival is a great way to gain sympathy from Delhi's citizenry and political class.For Renz Beate from Germany who was here on Saturday, one of the principal attractions as a tourist in India is spicy and colourful street food-\"But we are always a little wary because we don't know how hygienic or clean it is.\" Ranjeet acknowledges this problem but says that it has an easy solution. \"Municipal authorities should conduct capacity-building and training exercises with vendors. There should be regular checks to see if vendors are complying with food and health guidelines.Everybody loves street food and it is here to stay. So instead of rejection, we need more interaction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kumbakonam", "code": "17633355", "title": "American idols at Ramanujan meet", "text": "KUMBAKONAM: Kumbakonam isn't the little village it was when India's most famous math genius Ramanujan walked its streets, lost in thoughts of complicated theorems. But 125 years after he was born, interest in his work continues, puzzling true pupils of this pure science , attracting some of the world's brightest as it did when his genius first shone through to the world.This year, as the Sastra-Ramanujan Award will be presented on December 22 at a function organized by the Indian Mathematical Society in New Delhi, the star of the show will be Zhiwei Yun of Stanford University's Mathematics Research Centre. Zhiwei is being recognized for his \"fundamental contributions to several areas that lie at the interface of representation theory, algebraic geometry and number theory,\" said a Sastra note.The Sastra-University-instituted award, set up in 2005 to encourage mathematicians below 32 working in areas influenced by Ramanujan, carries a cash prize of $10,000. It's not just Zhiwei who is at the centre of a lot of attention in Kumbakonam right now. Professors George E Andrews, Richard Askey and Bruce Berndt, three of the best known brains in this field, are there to be a part of what they feel is a momentous date that could be done justice to only with a pilgrimage to Srinivasa Ramanujan's birth place.In Kumbakonam to receive DSc (honoris causa) degrees conferred by Sastra University, a well-regarded private university headquartered in Tamil Nadu , the three mathematicians have for years worked on theorems that the Indian mathematician produced in a short life of 32 years.The famed 'notebooks' of Ramanujan , they say, continue to have relevance not just for theoretical work but for a cross-section of research areas including computer science.Three renowned mathematicians who had worked on the theorems of Srinivasa Ramanujan were conferred D Sc (honoris causa) by SASTRA University in Kumbakonam, the birthplace of the mathamatics genius in Thanjavur district, on the second day of a twoday conference organized to mark his 125th birth anniversary.The degrees were handed over to George E Andrews of Pennsylvania State University , USA, Richard A Ashkey of University of Wisconsin , Madison, USA and Bruce C Berndt of University of Illinois , USA, by L Rajagopalan, a 93-year-old mathematics teacher from Kumbakonam. Two studies on the renowned mathematician were also released during the conference.A large number of scholars from India and abroad attended the conference at the Srinivasa Ramanujan off-campus centre of SASTRA in Kumbakonam on Friday. Andrews thanked the university for honouring him while Ashkey, whose work on polynomials is well-known , said books on Ramanujan should be part of every library to inspire the younger generation to take up research on his works.The third person to be honoured, Berndt, is an authority on number theory and has published a biography of Ramanujan. He said he considered himself fortunate to receive an award in the memory of the mathematician.Rajagopalan recollected that Ramanujan could solve problems taught to final year degree students even when he was in Class 8. The memory and legacy of the genius should inspire more youth to study mathematics, Rajagopalan added.Two books by well-known mathematician and Ramanujan scholar, Alladi Krishnaswamy of the University of Florida , US, 'Ramanujan's Place In The World Of Mathematics' , and a 'Special Volume Of the Ramanujan Journal' edited by Krishnaswamy , George Andrews and Jonathan Borwein were also released on Saturday. A large number of scholars, researchers and students attended the various lectures held over two days on the works of Ramanujan. It was also announced that this year's SASTRA-Ramanujan Award will be presented on December 22 at a function organized by the Indian Mathematical Society in New Delhi. The award will be given to Zhiwei Yun of Stanford University's Mathematics Research Centre. Instituted in 2005, it is annually given to mathematicians below the age of 32, who work in areas influenced by Ramanujan.The mathematical genius had died at the age of 32. Zhiwei is being honoured for his \"fundamental contributions to several areas that lie at the interface of representation theory, algebraic geometry and number theory,\" said a SASTRA spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17632000", "title": "Tai-Khamptis celebrate Poi Pee Mau fest", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Tai-Khampti tribe of Arunachal celebrated the Poi Pee Mau 2107 (2012) festival, the biggest occasion of the year, at Namsai in Lohit district on Friday. Chief minister Nabam Tuki inaugurated the festival.This New Year festival is celebrated by the Tai-Khamptis to showcase their rich culture and tradition to the world. As many as 26 cultural troupes performed at the festival, sources said here on Saturday.The beating of dhols and gongs mesmerized everyone present at the festival. Several events, including cultural extravaganza, traditional sports , food festival, fashion show and musical night will mark the four-day Poi Pee Mau celebration.Tuki exhorted the Tai people to preserve their age-old culture for posterity and appealed to the youths to give up any form of addiction and help the government in its programmes in order to reap optimum benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17632199", "title": "Lokadalat highlights need to restore tanks", "text": "MYSORE: High court judge and State Legal Services Committee chairman justice D V Shylendra Kumar on Saturday directed Mysore revenue division authorities to give priority to prevent pollution of water bodies in their jurisdictions.\"It's an essential job on the part of officials to protect the tanks. Also, they should treat it as their sacred duty,\" he said, while presiding over the fourth regional Lokadalat meeting here. The justice observed that water bodies are not being taken care of properly, because of which marine life and people using water are affected. \"The authorities should have concern and be serious in their works,\" Jusitce Kumar said.While evaluating the performance of officials in enforcing the norms on solid waste and biomedical waste management, restoration and protection of water bodies, controlling pollution and preserving greenery, the justice directed the deputy commissioners of eight districts to have a concerted approach and to work in tandem to achieve the goal.Justice Kumar said: \"We expect little more from authorities on this score. Next Lokadalat meeting is scheduled for July 27, 2013. By then, we need satisfactory results in preserving and restoring water bodies.\"Committee member A N Yellapa Reddy observed: \"Our ancestors and maharajas created umpteen numbers of tanks, but most of them have now dried up. We have to blame ourselves for that. Tanks have been encroached upon, and it has not been checked properly since decades. Many water bodies have also been polluted due the release of effluents and other activities. Such activities must be stopped to save the water bodies.\"Earlier, deputy commissioners of Mysore revenue division claimed that they have achieved a progress in clearing encroachments of tanks, and that they are taking measures in preventing pollution of tanks and water bodies.The committee chairman specifically asked Kodagu DC N V Prasad to take measures to prevent pollution of river Cauvery and avoid degradation of its catchment area, saying that the river is a lifeline to the people in the region. Mysore official M N Ajay Nagabhusan was directed to save the existing water bodies like Lakshmana Theertha, Karanji and Kukkarahalli lakes, and the like.Deputy commissioners N Jayaram (Chamarajanagar), B N Krishnaiah (Mandya), Mohan Raj (Hassan), M T Reju (Udupi), N Prakash (Dakshina Kannada) and Anjan Kumar (Chikmagalur), gave a presentation about the situation of tanks in their districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17632460", "title": "Gehlot flayed for transfer policy of bureaucrats", "text": "JAIPUR: The Congress meeting of AICC and PCC members to discuss poll strategy for the upcoming state assembly elections saw CM Ashok Gehlot being cornered over the government's inability to prevent the Gopalgarh firing incident.Some party delegates criticized the Gehlot government's transfer policy and its 'unbridled' bureaucrats for the people's anguish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17632489", "title": "Excellence awards for students", "text": "MANGALORE: The Yenepoya Foundation in association with Yenepoya University distributed its annual Academic Excellence Awards at the indoor stadium in Yenepoya University on Saturday.As many as 308 students from 16 institutions, who have performed well in SSLC, BA, B.Com and six other courses from Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Kasargod districts received the awards. Students received cash awards ranging from Rs 3,000 to 8,000 and certificates.Five MBBS, five bachelor of dental surgery, three BSc in nursing, three bachelor in physiotherapy and three general nursing and midwifery course students were awarded free seats on merit-cum-means basis at different institutions of Yenepoya University.Congress MLA UT Khader said Yenepoya institutions have taken a big step in the field of education by providing scholarships to students from the backward community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631407", "title": "Dhoni's run out could be a game changer: Trott", "text": "NAGPUR: England batsman Jonathan Trott feels the fourth Test is evenly poised and praised his teammates for the fight they showed throughout the day.\"Credit to the guys for sticking it out for five hours despite not getting a wicket and then coming back into the game. It's easier to say in the evening that one team played better than the other. It's still very neck and neck.\"Talking about Dhoni's run out on 99, Trott said, \"Full credit to the fielder to take the chance and grab it like Alastair did. It was a game changer or even a series changer.\"Cheteshwar Pujara's run out turned out be a catalyst for England in Kolkata and they kept getting wickets after that. \"It's one of those things, like Freddie's run out of Ponting at the Oval in 2009 or Pujara's run out in Kolkata again... a catalyst for changing the game.Those were game changers for us. Hopefully, it can be a game changer for us here and hopefully it can help us win the game,\" he said.Despite its slow nature, Trott refuses to call the Jamtha wicket a bad advertisement for Tests. \"It is a good pitch. It's not completely flat. We have to apply ourselves like Dhoni and Kohli did. The patience of the fielding team is the most important thing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17633727", "title": "City\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s famed art institution celebrates silver jubilee", "text": "COIMBATORE: A city-based entrepreneur built the space to showcase paintings done by his artist wife who hailed from England. Over the years, the Kasthuri Sreenivasan Art Gallery and Textile Museum at Avinashi Road in Coimbatore has evolved to become the city's foremost institution that promotes contemporary art and emerging artists. As its founder trustees Kasthuri Sreenivasan and Barbara Sreenivasan cared a lot for paintings and sketches, the gallery turned a favourite of artists from across the country. The space was given free and artists were free to keep whatever proceeds they got from the sales at the shows.\"Artists across the country are astonished whenever I tell them about the gallery which allows exhibitions free of cost and the beautiful minds who established it,'' recalls Jeeva Nanthan, one among the many artists and art lovers who had gathered at Kasthuri Sreenivasan Trust building on Saturday evening to celebrate the silver jubilee of the gallery.Though Sreenivasan died in 1991 and his wife Barbara in 2005, the gallery continues to attract artists and appreciators by facilitating exhibitions free of cost. According to D Sarath Chandran, present managing trustee, the gallery has conducted 108 exhibitions so far. The gallery has a permanent display of 500 paintings and prints from all over the world and there is a special section for the works of Barbara. The textile museum has many antique textile machinery, models and drawings. As per the statistics available with the trust, over 1.60 lakh art appreciators have visited the gallery and museum over the years. Apart from paintings, the trust promotes literature by instituting Thirumathi Rangammal Prize named after Sreenivasan's mother for the best Tamil novel published in India. \"The cash prize is Rs 25,000 and 75% of the amount goes to the writer and the remaining 25% to the publisher,'' said Sarath.Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan chairman B K Krishnaraj Vanavarayar turned emotional when he went down the memory lane recalling his close association with the Sreenivasans. He described Sreenivasan as a multi-talented personality who valued artists and writers. Vanavarayar narrated the courage of Sreenivasan to resign from the manager's post in the family-owned Kasthuri Mills to become the first director of South Indian Textile Research Association (SITRA) and to promote textile research in the region. Vanavarayar also mentioned the key positions he held in Bokaro Steel Plant, Reserve Bank of India and National Textile Corporation. A poet and novelist, he had authored books in English and Tamil apart from penning a set of books on management and productivity. He won many recognitions including Padmabhushan. Sreenivasan met Barbara during one of his trips abroad and their friendship evolved into marriage. According to gallery manager K M Kuppuraj, an exhibition of leading 30 artists from western Tamil Nadu is being held in the gallery to mark the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17631735", "title": "Temple city to culture capital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The city is fast becoming the cultural capital of the state. Dance and music festivals, seminars, workshops and exhibitions being organized across the length and breadth of the city are keeping denizens busy round the year.Most of these events are conducted by the state tourism department in a bid to promote Odisha as a major tourist destination around the world. \"In the last few years, the tourist inflow to the state has increased by 15%, to which fairs and festivals have contributed largely,\" said Orissa Tourism Development Corporation (OTDC) general manager Manoranjan Patnaik.More than 300 artisans from across the state are participating in the Toshali Craft Fair that kicked off on Saturday at Janata Maidan here. Started on the lines of the famous Surajkund Mela, the 12-day fair will feature cultural shows and celebrity performances every evening. Noted pop singer Usha Uthup will perform at the fair on Sunday.\"This year, the Toshali fair has international participants like Nepal, Bhutan and Sri Lanka . The fair is a good platform for artisans from across the country to showcase their crafts,\" said Harish Behera, an artisan at the fair.Among upcoming events this season is the Adivasi Mela, an exhibition depicting the culture of different primitive tribal communities of the state. \"We eagerly wait for Adivasi Mela every year as we can buy several indigenous products at the fair, which are not available in the market. The way tribal communities display their lifestyle and culture is an experience in itself,\" said Nandita Patnaik, a city resident.Besides, the city is hosting the three-day Bharatmuni Festival from Sunday in which several noted classical dancers and musicians will perform. The celebrity attraction of the festival will be noted actor and dancer Hema Malini .December is also the season when theatre festivals commence in the city. As many as four major theatre festivals are lined up back to back, to continue till March.\"It is really nice that every day you have one event or the other in the city, catering to the taste and needs of all age groups. There is a wide variety of events to choose from -- film fests, book fairs, folk dances, classical dances, handloom and handicraft exhibitions and more. We can invite guests anytime of the year as there is always some event or the other to take them to,\" said Nibedita Sahu, a software professional.Among the recently concluded events was the Dahuli-Kalinga Mahotsav, showcasing classical, martial and folk dance. Noted dancers from the state as well as from other parts of the country performed to great applause on the foothills of Dhauli.\"The response to the festival was very encouraging with a large number of people attending the event. Not being restricted to Odissi dance only, we could attract a variety of audience, who enjoyed the festival to the hilt,\" said Odissi dancer Aruna Mohanty of Orissa Dance Academy.However, the city can still do with better infrastructure in this regard like world class sound and light equipment and large auditoriums, art galleries and theatres to be able to host mega events. \"With better infrastructure, we can host better cultural events and can attract yet more tourists to the city,\" said Nandita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17632699", "title": "Varsity students protest against changes in APPSC exams", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Enraged over the changes initiated by the Andhra Pradesh Public Service Commission (APPSC) in the Group I and Group II exams, students of Andhra University, primarily from the arts college, led a massive protest on campus demanding that the university shut shop for the day as part of the All A P strike called by B C Sankshema Sangham of Andhra Pradesh.As per government orders 622 and 623 recently issued by the state government, the executive seats that till recently fell under the purview of Group II would now be included in the Group I schedule, thereby changing the examination pattern and also making the paper far more stringent.Protesting against this decision, members of the AU Research Scholars' Forum (AURSF) said that such changes would be detrimental to those from rural areas eyeing Group II level executive posts because the exam would now have a three-tier structure (preliminary, mains and interview) unlike the earlier Group II exam where the applicants had to clear a single objective paper.The protests led to a friction between the agitating students and an official from AU's human resource department, forcing the AU top brass to intervene. \"We spoke to the protesting students and calmed them down. Most of the departments were open and there was very little disturbance, if at all any,\" said AU registrar professor V Uma Maheswara Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17631932", "title": "Why three Hurriyats are better than one", "text": "SRINAGAR: The winter winds blowing in Kashmir are at odds with the heat generated by the impending visit of Hurriyat leaders to Pakistan. To the average onlooker, it's the timing of the visit that inspires curiosity. The Zardari government is in its final lap, and the Hurriyat leaders are strangely at pains to emphasize that there is no agenda or roadmap they expect from their visit to Pakistan. But this rather insipid declaration of intent disguises a very significant development. The Hurriyat has split once again.While Syed Ali Geelani-led hardline Hurriyat (G) has existed along with Mirwaiz Umar Farooq-led moderate Hurriyat (M), there is now a third faction, of \"outcastes\", which may be called Hurriyat (O). It comprises leaders like Yasin Malik, Nayeem Khan and Shabir Shah. Although not formally announced, the Pakistan visit is the first public display of a serious chasm in ideologies \u00e2\u20ac\u201d only the Mirwaiz has confirmed his visit.For mandarins in North Block, this marks another triumph in their policy to divide and weaken the political component of the separatist cause. For New Delhi, while militant violence is an irritant, the real challenge has always been the political force of the separatists. After the elections in 1996 that saw the return of National Conference to power, there was a realization that resentment over bijli-sadak-pani translated into support for the then United Hurriyat. Thus, it was with the generous financial support and encouragement from North Block that PDP was born. The mainstream now had two poles to even things out. That's when work began on the Hurriyat.By 2004, Geelani was forced into a corner of Islamist 'Kashmir banega Pakistan' agenda. The moderates, in turn, were courted. Central funding, armed guards and prominent displays in newspapers upped their profiles and respectability, the aim being to encourage them to contest elections. The carrot was also accompanied with a subtle stick: both the NC and PDP were encouraged to air their own stream of soft separatism. Omar Abdullah's full autonomy and Mehbooba Mufti's self-rule are very similar to the deal Hurriyat moderates hoped to cut with New Delhi.Sources say the strategy seems to be working. For the past two years, there have been intense efforts through track two to ease the moderates into contesting the 2014 elections. This time, though, the moderates' repeated diffidence in doing so openly has been factored in. The solution for them is to field proxy candidates from select constituencies. So, while the Lone brothers have patched up with Sajjad fronting for brother Bilal in their family backyard of North Kashmir, the Mirwaiz will place proxy candidates from his stronghold: downtown Srinagar.The IB's plan focuses on steadily diluting the 50 shades of grey in the separatist spectrum until one reaches white. When a senior moderate leader recently accused Geelani of representing forces of darkness, he perhaps didn't realise how closely he was reflecting New Delhi's thinking.This plan is the reason why since 2011 all these leaders are suddenly singing a different tune. Prof Abdul Ghani Bhatt set the ball rolling, saying openly what most Kashmiris knew: that militants murdered Mirwaiz Maulvi Farooq, father of the current Mirwaiz, and advocate Ghani Lone of the People's Conference. Bhatt then questioned the relevance of UN resolutions, calling for a plebiscite. The Mirwaiz, too, suddenly discovered civic issues. From urging people to pay electricity bills on time to criticizing the Omar government for graft in central schemes like NREGA.Meanwhile, the Lone brothers are on a recruiting spree in North Kashmir, trying to revive the old cadre of their father's People's conference. This year has also been marked with skirmishes between the two factions of moderates, culminating in an attack on Shabir Shah by Mirwaiz's supporters in the aftermath of the Dastgeer Shrine fire in Srinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17632943", "title": "Gunthewari locations cannot connect drainage to new system, says civic official", "text": "AURANGABAD: The proposed underground drainage pipeline under the 'Nagarothan scheme' would be laid down as per the natural slope of the ground even if it was passing through localities of gunthewari development, said executive engineer SD Panzade.However, in other localities under the gunthewari development where residents had not regularised their plots would not get the benefit of new drainage and sewerage line, he said. He said action would be initiated against those who would attempt to connect their drainage to the new drainage line. There was a specific guideline from the state government, he said.Panzade said the drainage system would not be specifically designed for 'Gunthewari development' localities. He added that the scheme would have 544 km network of internal pipelines laid out in the city along with 60 km main pipelines.The civic body had identified 272 small pipelines that were in good condition. In some areas where there were no pipelines, new infrastructure would be provided, he said.Munde highlighted that a large number of localities in the city came into existence after January 2001. He said more than 4 lakh people were staying in those colonies and if the new drainage scheme would not consider the interest of people of these colonies, the success of the scheme would not be up to the mark.Panzade said occupants in gunthewari development localities could avail of the facilities if they pay regularisation charges and a predetermined penalty.Municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar had recently said that the proposed drainage system under the 'Nagarothan scheme' would not be applicable to the localities that were built after January 2000 under the gunthewari development.There are about 35 localities in the city that come under this development. As per the guidelines of the state governments, implementation of projects under 'Nagarothan scheme' or other similar schemes of the state government are restricted in such localities where houses were constructed after January 2001.Many houses in Pundaliknagar, Gajanannagar, Nayanagar, Hussainnagar were built after January 2001 under this category. The civic body has expressed its inability to offer drainage and sewerage facilities to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17632439", "title": "Goa higher edu fees high, quality low: CII report", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's per student state expenditure overall in the education sector is the second best in the country, next only to that of Chandigarh. But primary and secondary education consume a major share of the provision, making the state's spending the third lowest in higher education.A major chunk spent per student in higher education and technical education comes from the students themselves as tuition fees, while the quality of education imparted is not on par with national institutes of repute, states a report of the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII). The CII analyzed state and central government data and reports and submitted its observations and recommendations to the Goa government on Friday to push for the upgradation of infrastructure, teaching and syllabuses for higher and technical education in the state.\"The average annual expenditure per student in Goa is higher in the case of technical education as compared to general education, given the higher tuition fees involved in technical education courses. Expenditure per student in technical education in Goa is somewhat similar to states such as Delhi, Punjab and Chandigarh,\" the report states.Goa government's average annual expenditure per student overall in the education sector is Rs 8,501 after Chandigarh's Rs 17,218. But above the higher secondary level the expenditure per student annually is Rs 4,621 putting it in the bracket of backward regions such as Chhattisgarh and Uttaranchal. The figure is much lower than the national average of Rs 7,360.The CII report notes that the expenditure on higher education by the state government is rising, but is not consistent. \"Budgetary allocation for higher education saw a 53% spike in 2009-10 over 2008-09 and has witnessed a fluctuating trend,\" the study states.The report has also pointed out several deficiencies in Goa's education system. \"Goa lacks courses catering towards the need for technically qualified personnel for established industries such as mining, pharmacy etc. For instance, a bachelor's course in mining engineering was only recently introduced by way of private partnership in Goa engineering college, despite mining contributing historically to Goa's economy ,\" the report states.It said that the state can consider courses in fine arts, design, marine development and environment and biosciences considering the orientation of Goans towards art and culture and the state's rich biological diversity.\"Quality of education imparted in most of the institutes in Goa is perceived to be poor and do no match up to standards offered in institutes of repute. This in turn results in poor quality of graduates and post-graduates and affects the sustainability for employment. Often students opting for higher education prefer to leave the state, either choosing colleges in the neigbhouring states, the rest of India or abroad,\" the CII report states.The CII has suggested an interdisciplinary approach which is less rigid and allows students to combine a variety of subjects of interest and that a reorientation of faculty should take place to adapt to the change in course content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17631531", "title": "Government plans urban haat in Rajarhat", "text": "KOLKATA: Small-time artisans from various districts of the state are all to get a major impetus with the government planning to set up an urban haat in Rajarhat New Town. The haat, to be christened as Banglar Haat, will have in display handicraft products from all districts. Visitors will also be able to buy the products.The project has been initiated by the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation ( Hidco). Tenders have already been floated to invite bids for setting up the haat.Officials said that an architectural firm has drawn up the concept, design and details of the project. \"The idea is to showcase handicrafts of Bengal to international and national tourists visiting the state. It will be set up off the main arterial road that leads to the airport so that people can visit and buy handicraft products if they want before boarding their flight,\" an official said.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who has been stressing to develop micro- and small-scale industry of the state, enquired about the project after paying an unscheduled visit to Rajarhat New Town on her way to the airport on Friday. The chief minister also paid a visit to a fair run by self-help groups at Salt Lake on her way.The Trinamool government is trying to develop the micro- and small-scale industry in the state so that artisans and self-help groups, particularly women making handicraft products, can become independent and earn more. The government is setting up several rural and urban haats in different parts of the state.Earlier, the chief minister had said while inagurating a handicrafts fair at Milan Mela that the government was hopeful that the micro and small-scale industries would create micro-level employment in the state. The chief minister had requested industrialists to set up small ancillary units on handicrafts beside the large scale units so that the small scale industry of handicrafts and other products are sold and exported abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17632522", "title": "Man booked for digging borewell", "text": "GURGAON: A resident of Badshapur village has been booked for allegedly digging an illegal borewell in Palda village. The Badshapur police have also seized a tractor and the borewell machine.A police team visited Palda, where the suspect, identified as Jaikishan, was digging the borewell.Police said the suspect had not obtained the requisite permission from the administration for digging the borewell.After seeing the police, Jaikishan fled the spot.Police have seized the borewell machine and a Sonalika tractor.An FIR has been lodged against Jaikishan under Section 188/120b of the IPC. The suspect is still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17632319", "title": "Constable's bail plea order on Dec 18", "text": "MAPUSA: The additional sessions court is likely to pass an order on the anticipatory bail application filed by suspended police constable Waman Naik, who was arrested on charges of forcible sexual intercourse with commercial sex workers, on December 18.During the hearing of the case last week, the crime branch stated before the court that the offences against Naik are serious and sensitive in nature. The crime branch also told the court that the accused reported sick to avoid collection of evidence against him.The crime branch alleged that Naik had forceful sexual intercourse with the commercial sex workers and tried to extort protection money and demand sexual favours from the sex workers in 2010-11.Head constables Naik and Santosh Vengurlekar, and constable Vijay Gaikwad were suspended on December 6 after two commercial sex workers filed a complaint with the crime branch.The crime branch stated that the accused also promised the victim to give her 'protection', if she shared information about new girls entering the prostitution business. The accused asked for this information to extort money from the new entrants, the crime branch alleged.The victim alleged that in 2011 Naik had forceful sexual intercourse with her and furthered threatened her not to disclose the incident to anybody or else he would get her thrown out of the rented house she lived in.The accused also extorted 2,000-3,000 from each of the transgender persons staying in a rented premises, the crime branch alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17635552", "title": "Move to stream funerals online shot down by govt", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has turned down the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation's(MBMC) proposal to install closed circuit televisions(CCTVs) in crematoriums to facilitate live streaming of the funeral rites on the civic body's official website.The move to install CCTV cameras in crematoriums was made after the former BJP corporator, Om Prakash Garodia, had moved a proposal to install cameras in his ward using the Corporator's Fund last year.A few corporators went a step further and demanded installing cameras in the crematoriums, so as to enable family and friends who miss funerals of their near and dear ones to catch up with the final rites on the MBMC website www.mbmc.gov.in. Though the civic administration was against the move to install cameras in crematoriums it was forced to give its nod after majority of the corporators favoured the move.The plan was to install CCTVs in the 15 crematoriums in the region. The move was opposed by the general public that lamented on the poor state of the crematoriums. Residents said that while the crematoriums were in a bad state, it was unfair to spend money on CCTVs. The civic administration had made a budgetary allocation of Rs 75 lakhs to install CCTVs in crematoriums and important locations in the region.The installation of cameras at important locations like outside railway stations and major roads in the region is underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635619", "title": "Raising a toast to the good life", "text": "This was another one of those evenings when the who's who on Bangalore's social circuit made their way to a star hotel to raise a toast to the good life.They made their way to the ITC Windsor for the Demptos dinner , which was hosted by Virender Razdan, general manager, ITC Windsor and Francois Witasse, President Director General, Demptos. TOI spotted Shreen and Ravi Malani, Vikram and Manjusha Maheshwari, Gev and Sabrina, Rajiv Singhal, Amit Chavan and sommelier for the evening Priyanka Dhar among the guests at this do.And when the evening was done, everyone headed home after an evening of great food and conversation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17631021", "title": "25% quota in private varsities not enough, says Aarakshan Samiti", "text": "PUNE: The Aarakshan Hakka Samiti, an organisation fighting for the rights of the backward class communities, has slammed the state Cabinet's move of approving only 25% caste and socio-economic quota in the Private Universities Bill.\"The 25% quota is not justified and denies members of the socio-economically backward communities their constitutional right to reservation as is prevailing in the conventional university system,\" said Sanjay Dabadhe, convener of the samiti. \"We are opposing the Cabinet's decision,\" he said.On Thursday, the state Cabinet approved a 25% caste and socio-economic quota in the Maharashtra Self-Financed Universities (Establishment &amp; Regulation) Bill, also referred to as the Private Universities Bill, which is being introduced for encouraging private players to set up universities in Maharashtra.The Bill will now be forwarded to both the Houses of the state legislature, which is currently in session in Nagpur, for approval. Later, the government will invite applications from interested parties.Last year, the state legislature had cleared the Bill, which had no provision for reservation for backward class communities, and the same was pending with the governor for his approval. Later, several delegations met the governor with a request that reservations be made to maintain social balance in private varsities. The bill was then sent back to the Cabinet by the governor.Recently, a fresh draft Bill providing 52% caste and socio-economic quota was forwarded to the state Cabinet for approval and the same was taken up for discussion by the Cabinet, which met in Nagpur on Thursday.The draft quota policy in the Bill faced reluctance from some members of the Cabinet, who felt it would discourage private players to set shop in Maharashtra. The Cabinet felt the state must begin 25% reservations for minorities and backward castes. Currently, 18 states have allowed private players to set up varsities.Dabadhe said, \"By opting for a 25% quota, the government is only killing time on the issue and is not acting in the interest of the backward class communities. On one side, the government is imposing privatisation and commercialisation of higher education in the name of inclusive growth and on the other side, it is denying the constitutional right of reservation to the backward class communities.\"He said, \"The government's decision will only widen the gap in the higher education and will lead to more corruption and exploitation of students and parents. Already, private universities have created serious problems in other states where they are operational.\"Dabadhe said, \"The Aarakshan Hakka Samiti will approach all those members of legislative assembly, who hail from the backward class communities and will convince them on forcing the government to reconsider the decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17631243", "title": "J&K; artisans to visit Jharkhand weavers", "text": "RANCHI: The expertise of local artisans and quality of Kuchai silk product has now started getting recognition not only from customers but also from master craftsmen in other states.A team of 35 weavers from Jammu and Kashmir (J&K;), who are known for their skills, are coming on an exposure trip to Jharkhand to learn the technique which gives the state worldwide recognition. Various products of Kuchai silk are now in high demand in many Asian countries and in Latin America because it is the only organic silk weaved in the country. A group of 35 weaves from various clusters have been selected by the J&K; government for the exposure tour.Jharkhand Silk Textile and Handicraft Development Corporation Limited (Jharcraft) has already received a formal request from J&K; government and the team is likely to reach here on Sunday. Kuchai silk is cultivated on Sal and Arjun trees, unlike general silk cocoon which are grown on mulberry bush.Managing director of Jharcraft, Dhirenda Kumar said his office has received the request and he has already asked his officials to prepare the programme for visiting artisans. \"Our officers will take the visiting artists to Kuchai and other centres to show how the farmers cultivate silk and artisans work on various designs provided to them by master designers,\" said Kumar.He said the visitors from J&K; can learn from artists of Jharkhand about product diversification and how it can help in increasing family income. \"We expect that the exposure tour will help Kashmiri handloom and handicraft to regain its past glory and world market. The artists from J&K; will get an opportunity to interact with people from Jharkhand who have visited places to market their silk products,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17631772", "title": "Odisha suffers loss of 160cr in port projects: Comptroller and Auditor General", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has pulled up the state government over the loss of nearly Rs 160 crore because of loopholes in resources and revenue sharing arrangement of port projects in public-private-partnership (PPP) route.Stating that the state government awarded port projects in PPP mode in 1997 without working out any effective modalities and also without any port policy in place, the auditor pointed out that it extended undue benefit to private companies and in the process lost Rs 159.96 crore due to deficiencies in the concession agreement.The CAG, in its report on general and social sector for 2011-2012, said the port projects were largely awarded through MoU route based on single suo-moto offer instead of competitive bidding, raising issues of arbitrariness, lack of competitiveness and optimal value for money. Earlier, some activists had challenged the state government's policy in awarding the projects.The report, which was tabled in the state assembly on Saturday, recommended that the advice of the law department in selection of private partner through competitive bidding needs to be given due cognizance.The CAG, which audited five port projects, Astaranga, Chudamani, Dhamra, Gopalpur and Subarnarekha, further highlighted several deficiencies in policy formulation, implementation, institutional arrangements, design and enforcement of concession agreement (CA) and the revenue model in port projects in the state.\"Though four out of the five port projects with project cost of each exceeding Rs 500 crore were taken up and CA were executed, approval of High Level Clearance Authority was not obtained, that too when private promoters were selected in three cases through MoU route,\" it added.The report said out of the five port projects, only in Gopalpur case private promoters were selected through competitive bidding route. \"In case of Gopalpur port, a developer with no experience in infrastructure sector was selected and revenue sharing was accepted at 0 to 7.5% which was below the reserve percentage of 5 to 8%,\" it added.Pointing out that due diligence exercise on the revenue model before awarding each project to the private partners was largely non-existent, the auditor said the port policy permits adoption of international competitive bidding route or MoU route for selection of private developers.The CAG also highlighted delay in completion of port projects due to delay in getting environmental clearance and said in case of Dhamra port the commencement date was fixed after 13 months of the due date on the ground of delay in handing over the acquired land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "lucknow/kanpur/varanasi/allahabad", "code": "17633000", "title": "Govt employees in stir, visitors left in the lurch", "text": "LUCKNOW/KANPUR/VARANASI/ALLAHABAD: Working in the state government offices across Uttar Pradesh remained badly affected for the third consecutive day on Saturday as state government employees continued with their strike in protest of the quota in promotion bill. Backed by the ruling Samajwadi Party , employees abstained from duties leaving thousands of visitors in a lurch.In Lucknow, employees under the aegis of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, continued with their dharna and protest march on Vidhan Sabha Marg. They also locked the government offices and did not allow anyone to enter the premises. In some of the offices like Lucknow Development Authority (LDA), employees and engineers abstained from duties hampering routine work significantly. Samiti president, Shailendra Dubey said that the strike will continue until the controversial bill is rolled back. The bill is scheduled to be tabled in the Rajya Sabha on Monday. Dubey said that they would intensify their agitation in case the bill is forcibly passed. The Samiti blamed the two national parties, Congress and the BJP, for the current crisis.On the other hand, enraged with Friday's incident in which some of them were stopped from working, pro-reservation supporters, under the aegis of Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti, met chairperson of National SC Commission PL Punia and demanded adequate security for the employees of the reserved category. The Samiti in a statement claimed that the reservation supporters worked four hours more in a bid to ease the crisis faced by the common man. Punia, who was in his parliamentary constituency, Barabanki, blamed the state government of becoming party in the agitation staged by the anti-reservation group. He said that it is the responsibility of the state government to provide adequate safety to the employees, who are willing to work.Reports of protest by employees trickled from other districts as well. In Allahabad, employees boycotted from duties, hampering normal functioning of various government departments. They raised anti-Congress and anti-BJP slogans demanding withdrawal of the controversial bill. Employees and officers of different departments including irrigation and PWD abstained from duties. They later on held a meeting at Vikas Bhawan, where the employee union leaders slammed the government over the decision to introduce the bill which they said would only create division in the society. Employees said that the decision would badly affect the prospects of employees from categories other than those getting reservation. The employees of the general and OBC category would be robbed of chances of promotion in government jobs.In Varanasi, while some employees and officers of PWD carried out a procession in the city, employees of 28 departments, under the aegis of Vikas Bhawan Rajya Karmachari Sangh, staged dharna and held meeting in front of Vikas Bhawan.In Kanpur, employees from various departments staged against the central government and BSP supremo Mayawati who is backing the bill. Kesco engineers and employee of Kanpur Development Authority (KDA) boycotted work and participated in the dharna. They raised slogans against the bill and termed the reservation in promotion an attack on the right to equality. Manish Gupta, zonal secretary of Abhiyanta Sangh said the protests will continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635456", "title": "Bieber to release acoustic album", "text": "Pop sensation Justin Bieber has revealed he will release an acoustic album next month, which will include unplugged versions of some of his hits.The 18-year-old can't wait for his fans to hear unplugged versions of some of his hits, including \"Boyfriend\" and \"As Long As You Love Me\" which will be included on the record , because they sound much more ''intimate''.''It's something the fans really like. Because I started out on YouTube just playing my guitar, just singing without all the production, so I like to just put out acoustic albums. I think it's more intimate,\" contactmusic.com quoted Bieber as saying.The album will come out in January but no further details about the release date have been revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17631041", "title": "Cashier who started fire to steal Rs 60 lakh in custody", "text": "MUMBAI: The cashier arrested for allegedly siphoning off Rs 59.84 lakh after creating a scene of fire at the Worli branch of Indian Overseas Bank was produced before a court on Saturday and has been remanded in police custody till December 24The police have recovered Rs 24 lakh from several people who were paid by Mahadev Patil (57) to clear his debts. Patil, who worked at the bank for 32 years, had planned the offence 10 days before executing it on Thursday, said the police. Patil was due for retirement next year.\"Patil created a fire scene in the bank premises to commit the theft,\" said Worli police inspector Sudhir Mahadik.During investigations, Patil told the police that he had given timings to the people whom he owed money to come to the bank and get the money. He created a fire scene to camouflage his act. \"When there was a fire, Patil frequently left his seat and cleared the debt that he had taken from people at an interest rate of 25% a month,\" said Mahadik.Patil reportedly stole the money when there was panic in the bank that ensued after the fire. \"Patil has said he committed the offence to clear his debts as he had taken several loans at very high interest rates for marriages of his family members. We are trying to find out where Patil has hidden the remaining stolen cash,\" said Mahadik.Patil was arrested after the police found that the fire at the bank was not caused due a short-circuit and was man-made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17631276", "title": "Bokaro duo wins innovation meet", "text": "BOKARO: Two innovative minds of Pentecostal School Assembly (PAS) have bagged a free trip to Oxford Brookes University, UK, for sharing their thoughts on reduction of air pollution which has become the biggest threat leading to global warming.Two class XII students, Mayank Kumar and Kishore Kumar , have brought huge honour to their school by winning the first prize in the Innovation Challenge 2012 organized by Oxford Brookes University and IIMT, Gurgaon at Radisson Hotel, New Delhi on Friday. For these two school boys residing in Bokaro, the smoke coming out of the chimneys installed in factories is a major cause for concern. When they were given the topic 'Deploying technology for the improvement of the earth', to prove their innovation at the competition, they shared their thoughts on curbing air pollution which occurs because of the smoke coming out from factory chimneys, a common scenario in Bokaro. They came out with the solution to reduce air pollution and it included purifying chimney exhausts. They displayed it at the competition.The task was not easy for the duo as they had to compete with 1,500 participants from all over India. Mayank and Kishore outshone other students in both the rounds organized to assess the potential of the participants.\"The second round which had submission of their papers was tough. Of all the participants in this round, only the top 17 students were invited to present their ideas at New Delhi. The partnership between Mayank and Kishore, who were selected among those 17 students, proved that their simple but effective ideas can make a real impact in reducing air pollution. They got huge applause from the distinguished panel of judges,\" said Daniel Michael Prasad, project guide. The young boys displayed their innovative ideas of purifying chimney exhausts so as to reduce air pollution and other related global concerns. \"We have designed an apparatus which can be connected to any industrial chimney and it will perform the task of not only reducing the temperature of the exhaust but also filtering the soot and unburnt carbon along with treating the harmful toxins like SO2, CO, NO2 and NO,\" said Kishore.Both the boys belong to middle-class backgrounds; Kishore's father runs a small business while Mayank is the son of a private tutor. Kishore lives with his relatives in Sector-XII, while Mayank comes from a suburban area in Balidih. They had never dreamt of going to the UK. \"For a moment we were stunned when the result was announced. It was unbelievable,\" said Kishore.Mayank said, \"Financially we are not so sound that I could ever think of going to London. It's the biggest award I could have ever received.\" Both the students are IIT aspirants and are going to attempt IIT-JEE examination in 2013. They will fly off to London sometime in July next year after their examinations are over. \"We don't even have passports. Now we are going to apply for that,\" Mayank said.Director of PAS, D N Prasad said the school is delighted with the performance of the students and that Mayank and Kishore have bagged great honour for the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17632665", "title": "Work crippled as quota bill stir rages on day two", "text": "NOIDA: The effect of the state-wide strike against tabling of the bill for quota in promotions of those belonging to SC and ST category was felt for the second day in Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad.Employees of different departments of the UP government responded to Sarvjan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti's (SHSS) call for striking work. After meeting in groups, agitators have decided to fan out on Sunday to garner support from students, doctors, residents and entrepreneurs to redouble their protest.Saturday saw widespread demonstrations against the move across Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad, crippling work in offices barring essential and emergency services. The regional transport office in Noida was forcibly shut down for the entire day and a number of visitors were turned away. Meanwhile, employees of several departments, including stamp and labour, were asked to support the strike and stop all work.The speakers addressing the gatherings strongly criticized the central government's move and described its stand as 'anti-society'. According to Ashok Sharma, general secretary, Noida Employees' Association, employees visited the Degree College in Noida and asked students to join the stir. \"The younger generation will be affected most if this bill comes into effect,\" Sharma said. \"The youth should come forward to support us,\" he added.The protesters have also decided to form teams and spread out across GB Nagar and Ghaziabad to garner maximum support from people belonging to all walks of life. \"We will approach the IMA, resident welfare associations, entrepreneurs and the business community and request them to support the strike,\" said another member of SHSS. \"The idea is to bring together as many as dissident voices as possible,\" he added.\"We will continue with our rallies and stage sit-ins on Monday, too,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17633055", "title": "Power from sugar mills only next year onwards", "text": "MADURAI: The cogeneration power plants in 12 sugar mills across the state will produce electricity only from next December.The proposed 183 MW electricity targeted from the cogeneration plants using bagasse might appear meagre given the mounting power shortage in the state. But the electricity could have gone a long way in easing the power shortage to some extent. The cogeneration plants would miss this cane crushing season this season and have to wait till the next crushing season in December 2013.The state government had proposed in 2010 to construct thermal plants in the 12 sugar mills that produce electricity by burning bagasse from sugarcane waste after crushing. The project jointly carried out by sugar mill managements and the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board was expected to be completed in 18 months.But the works are yet to be completed in all mills. The state government had on Wednesday sanctioned a short term loan of Rs 352 crore to the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board to help set up the power plants in 10 cooperative and two PSU sugar mills.The plants are being set up with financial assistance from the Power Finance Corporation , Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency and the Sugar Development Fund. The TNEB will purchase power from the cogeneration plants.As the crushing season has commenced already from December 1, the cogeneration plants may end up missing out on power generation this season. The season will last till April to May where lakhs of tonnes of sugarcane will be crushed in sugar mills and tonnes of bagasse will be produced.N Palanisamy, president of the Tamil Nadu Sugarcane Farmers Association, blamed the nexus between politicians and contractors during the previous regime for the delay.Official sources from Alanganallur National Cooperative Sugar mills said the works are nearing completion. Alanganallur sugar mills has targeted crushing of 3 lakh tonnes of sugarcane this year. \"The works are nearing completion but it is unlikely that power generation may commence this season,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632304", "title": "Heritage line: School of Planning and Architecture seeks 3-month ASI study", "text": "NEW DELHI: With delays threatening the deadline of the Central Secretariat-Kashmere Gate Metro corridor, a report on heritage impact assessment may finally push the heritage line in the right direction.The report, which was submitted to National Monuments Authority (NMA) by School of Planning and Architecture (SPA) on Thursday, looks at the impact that the 9km corridor will have on the 175 heritage sites falling along the alignment. Though positive about the Metro line, the report also calls for a \"holistic\" attitude and \"integrated methods of conservation and managing change\".The report, a copy of which is with TOI, takes a different line from that taken by heritage bodies, most notably ASI. Terming the proposed line from Delhi Gate to Kashmere Gate as an opportunity for archaeological discovery, the report says the average depth of the tunnel and stations between ITO and Kashmere Gate is approximately 17m in an area that may be full of \"potential archaeology\" sites.However, there's a caveat: the study, completed between July and October, recommends that ASI should immediately conduct an investigation of the potential archaeology of the zone, considering the history of the geographical area. \"We suggest that ASI employ the ground penetrating radar (GPR non-invasive) method to identify the areas where there are archeological evidences. This documentation is to be done immediately, particularly in the 30m impact zone on both sides of the proposed alignment,\" the report adds, suggesting a timeline of three months for the survey.The report then goes on to suggest that if the study area is superimposed on the map of Shahjahanabad prepared by Thomas Kraft around 1850, it could indicate the potential archaeological sites on and around Line 6.It advises Delhi Metro to co-ordinate with ASI and other stakeholders to carry out works in this area under regular monitoring by independent heritage experts.The study also recommends various ways of dealing with any archeological discovery during construction. Pointing to the measures being taken by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) to protect the neighbouring heritage buildings from vibration and settlement - like the earth balancing machine, tunnel boring machine, use of floating tracks, constant monitoring of the construction with specialized instruments - the report says ASI or NMA, as statutory guardians of the heritage sites, should develop a permanent and continuous monitoring system to study impacts on heritage sites and take steps for their safety. It also pushes for monitoring by independent agencies like universities and experts.SPA also warns that the 500m influence zone around the corridor shouldn't be treated as a \"real estate\" project. \"Every effort needs to be made to regulate and reduce the development pressure along the influence area to keep its historic value and significance intact.\" The zone should be kept as a \"least-impact zone\", with an effort to be sensitive to the historical significance and character of the area.The report also makes a case for proper visual impact, pointing out that the existing Kashmere Gate station has adversely impacted the historical surrounding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17630775", "title": "Sale of two drugs banned", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has stopped the sale of batches of two drugs that were found to be \"not of standard\" during an inspection. Tests carried out by the Drugs Control Laboratory showed that antibiotic syrup X-Pod Dry Syrup and eye ointment Chloramphenlcol failed to adhere to the required standards. The FDA has recalled the stock on both drugs. It will also notify other states.Drugs worth Rs 27 lakh seized, man arrestedThe Dongri police arrested a 30-year-old man and seized charas worth Rs 27 lakh in the market. The police said they were searching for the arrested person's associate who had delivered the drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632200", "title": "Burnt building declared unsafe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The building in Bhagirath Palace where a fire raged for two days has been declared dangerous.\"We have deployed teams to carry out cooling operations. Shopkeepers are not being allowed to enter it. We have informed the municipal authorities that the building has developed cracks and is unfit for use,\" said AK Sharma, chief of Delhi Fire Service.The North corporation is planning to rope in engineers to assess the structural stability of the building. \"If structural engineers say the building has to be demolished, we will do it,\" said PK Gupta, commissioner, North corporation.Officials say demolishing the building will not be easy as the area is congested and overhung with live cables. \"The buildings are interconnected. If we demolish one, chances of neighbouring buildings getting damaged are very high,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17632879", "title": "Behmai carnage: Contradictions in IO's statement exposed", "text": "KANPUR: The defence counsel in Behmai carnage case on Thursday exposed contradictions in the statement of investigation officer and other prosecution witnesses during cross-examination. Phoolan Devi and her gang had shot as many as 22 Thakurs in Behmai village of Kanpur Dehat on February 14, 1981. Complainant Raja Ram , a 62 years old resident of Behmai had recorded his statement before the court in September this year. The prosecution had so far produced four witnesses in this case.Investigation officer Chotey Lal Gupta had stated in the court that he had recorded the statement of injured Junter Singh.The photo copy of case diary had no statement of Junter Singh and in the original case diary it was not in the court file.During cross-examination, the IO admitted that the dacoits had looted about 80 to 90 houses in the village and he had not depicted them in the site plan which was a significant part of investigation. Complainant Rajaram had informed and identified the houses which were exhibited in the site plan, which was in the court file.Judge Mehmood Ahmad Khan has fixed January 2, 2013 as the next date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17633038", "title": "UP government to bring more services under e-governance programme", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an attempt to ensure adequate availability and percolation of its schemes among the rural population, the Uttar Pradesh government has decided to expand the ambit of its e-governance services, from the current tally of 26 running in eight departments in the next five years. The services are being delivered through Internet-enabled common service centres set up at the village level in all the districts of the state.The services would include filing of commercial tax (VAT returns) and women literacy programmes from this month. A pilot project of this scheme is already being carried out in three districts of UP namely Maharajganj, Mirzapur and Sonbhadra and is targeting to make 10,000 women literate by March. Besides, common service centres would also be able to generate voter ID cards from February.The state government is working in collaboration with three companies to bridge the digital gap between urban and rural India. These are 'Srei Sahaj e-Village' which looks after eastern UP, CMS which takes care of 'western and central UP' and 'Vayamtech Technologies'.There are close to 12,828 common service centres in UP and the government plans to roll out 18,745 more common service centres by early next year.Neeraj Chandra, state head of UP for Srei Sahaj e-Village said, \"We are in talks with the Unique Identification Authority of India for converting our centres into UID registration centres. Moreover, we have also tied up with an insurance company for providing vehicle and personal insurances to rural consumers who otherwise had to travel miles for such facilities.\" Srei Sahaj presently has 7,000 common service centres. Its CEO, Sanjay Kumar Panigrahi says the idea is to offer convenience to the remotest villages of India. \"A villager has to travel about 5-10 kilometres every time to avail necessary facilities like education, healthcare, banking etc. The idea is to save his time and provide a single window and a one-stop solution at the common service centres,\" he added.Chandra also shared that they are working in collaboration with the Pension Fund Registry Development Authority to ensure that rural people get pension after the age of 60. \"Normally, only government employees get pension at the time of retirement, but under our programme, villagers would also receive pension if they deposit Rs 1,200 every year at our centres. The government would pay Rs 1,000 for the next four years and on turning 60, the beneficiary would get monthly pension along with the interest,\" he said.S B Singh, deputy director general of National Informatics Centre, Uttar Pradesh said, \"The CM had launched 26 services in the month of September and we have plans to increase the number of these services to 60 by the end of the next year. We are evaluating all possible services, which could be rendered through common service centres in rural areas. We have also formed a committee of district magistrates in some districts to evaluate the kind of services, which can be provided electronically. We would be setting up 17,000 more common service centres in UP in near future, and are trying and testing various pilot programmes under e-governance scheme.\"The companies are also offering solar lamps and other solutions to these villages through these centres. Moreover, the companies are offering professional computer courses to the villagers through common service centres now. The objective is to provide self-employment by training and turning the rural population into village level entrepreneurs.The state government had launched 26 e-governance services under departments of food &amp; civil supplies, panchayati raj, urban development, revenue, women welfare and child development, training &amp; employment, handicap welfare and social welfare. This was to implement the national e-governance plan launched in 2008, which comprises 27 mission mode projects.Though the process started around three-and-half years ago in UP, the mission has picked momentum after the CM included 26 services under this programme August onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635204", "title": "Dream in the Deccan", "text": "The grandeur of the Vijayanagara empire was lost for centuries.Times Travel was amazed at the wealth of art and architecture at this Deccan kingdoms ruins at HampiUnder a blue,blue sky in Karnataka lies a dramatic landscape.The waters of the powerful Tungabadra River flow amid vast grounds scattered with gargantuan boulders of fantastic shapes and sizes.Some lie helter-skelter,as if thrown by giants in playful disarray,some stand poised precariously on other stones,looking as if a puff of wind might topple them,although in reality they are solid,immovable,frozen in time and space.This is Hampi,erstwhile capital of the once renowned Vijayanagara empire,which held sway in the Deccan from 1336-1565 AD and whose origins were as sensational as their end.It used to be known as Pampakshetra from Pampa,which was the ancient name of the river.The kingdom was established by Harihara and Bukka who were originally taken as prisoners by Mohammad Bin Tughlak when he made inroads into the south in search of its fabulous treasures.The two went to Delhi and made their mark on the emperor who then sent them to the south to quell a rebellion.They took this opportunity to break away and formed the Vijayanegara empire.After almost 300 years of glorious rule,it came to an inglorious end when in 1565 at the battle of Talikota,the Sultans of the Deccan united to raze and ravage the empire.The ruins slumbered in the sun,lost to civilisation for a long time until excavations were undertaken to uncover the grand buildings,vestiges of a once potent kingdom.Picking my way through the turbulent rocky terrain,I came across many other curious stone formations.There were little cairn-like compositions which I believe were left behind as offerings for prayers for children which were fulfilled.Slabs shaped like banana leaves with depressions for food,much like thalis and a big stone trough for horses and elephants with a hole for drainage were lying around.The ruins of Hampi are spectacular : the opulent palaces,the magnificent temples,the massive fortifications and the harnessing of the stones for irrigation purposes in the form of aqueducts,drains and tanks which would impress even a modern engineer in terms of foresight and planning.Writings of foreign visitors in the 15th and 16th centuries describe the numerous canals and huge tanks both for irrigation and for supply of water to the capital.Increased irrigation meant increased revenue meant the wherewithal to make city more beautiful.The main canal is still in use in parts and can be seen flowing through the valley.Two immense statues have been carved from granite boulders.One is the monolithic Ganesa and the other is Ugranarasimha,the half man-half lion incarnation of Lord Vishnu who emerged from a pillar at dusk to save his devotee Prahlad from the arrogant and evil machinations of his father Hiranyakasipu.Ugranarasimha is seen with Mahalakshmi seated on his lap;unfortunately the statue has been mutilated. The temples are exquisite in form and execution.My favourite is the Hazara Rama,a rectangular shrine which served as the royal temple.Built mostly by Krishnadeva Raya,it has fine carvings in friezes,and retains a hallowed,mystic aura as it lies dreaming in the sun.There are four black pillars,gleaming with the patina of age and workmanship: they have geometrical squares alternating with cylindrical shafts,all carved.The pillars of the Vitthala temples are magnificent.There is also the celebrated stone chariot in front of this temple.Its stone wheels,shaped like the lotus ,used to revolve.It is a miniature ratha.The Virupaksha temple is impressive with towering gateways.Almost all the major temples have paved courtyards,used as bazaars.The bazaars of Hampi were famous.They had pillared galleries on either side which must have been used as stalls for goods.Travellers write of precious stones such as diamonds,rubies and pearls,cloths of various kinds,fruit and horses : in fact it was a lively thriving bustling city.Other structures catch the eye.The Kings Balance,in which he weighed against gold and diamonds which were then distributed to the people,the Mahanavami Dibba-a stupendous platform about 5300 square feet rising in a series of sculpted terraces.From here the kingmonarch of all he surveyed as he sat with his foreign guests and favoured nobles to watch the Dasara processions and festivities.The carvings on the walls of the platform are both decorative and droll,as the one of the foreign dignitaries,complete with imposing walrus moustaches.The best way to see Hampi is to walk among the ruins so that there is ample time to evoke in the mind the beauty of the life that must have existed here.For to be in the Hampi ruins especially at sunrise or sunset ,when the walls of the buildings catch fire and glow in ethereal pink is to go back in time to the glorious era which is described by the 15th century traveller Abdu-ur-Razza : The pupil of the eye has never seen a place like this and the ear has never been informed that there existed anything to equal it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633421", "title": "Nature nurtures the brain", "text": "Wandering lonely as a cloud high o'er vales and hills may be the best way to recharge your batteries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d so long as you leave your conventional battery-powered devices at home. What writers have known for centuries , scientists are now endeavouring to prove \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that contact with nature can boost creativity and problem solving skills. Backpackers who spent four days in the wilderness without access to electronic devices scored 50 per cent better on a creativity test at the end of the trip, according to researchers.The backpackers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 56 in all \u00e2\u20ac\u201d joined one of four separate expeditions run by the Outward Bound organisation and took a ten item \"creativity test\" at the start and end of the hike. On average they got four out of ten questions right at the start and six right at the end. Earlier studies have shown that going for a long walk can improve the accuracy of proof-reading , the ability to perceive an optical illusion and the capacity to repeat a list of numbers backwards.Yet the time people spend outdoors and in contact with nature is diminishing . Psychologists from the University of Utah who led the study said: \"Our modern society is filled with sudden events (sirens, horns, ringing phones, alarms, television) that hijack attention. By contrast natural environments are associated with gentle soft fascination, allowing the executive attention system to replenish.\"\"Executive attention\" is the ability to switch rapidly among tasks which is important in a modern society but is overtaxed by the constant demands from a technological environment.However, the authors of the study, published in the online journal Public Library of Science (PLoS) One, say they cannot be sure if the effects they observed were due to exposure to nature or withdrawal of electronic devices \u00e2\u20ac\u201d or a combination of both. THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17632188", "title": "Concerns over Udupi Power Corporation Ltd effluents", "text": "MYSORE: High court judge and State Legal Service Committee chairman justice D V Shylendra Kumar on Saturday directed Karnataka State Pollution Control Board officials in Udupi region to apprise National Green Tribunal (NGT) of how the heavy release of ash content from Udupi Power Corporation Ltd is affecting Western Ghats.Senior environment officer C D Kumar told the regional Lokadalat that recently, the ministry of environment and forests has increased residual level of ash emitted from the power plant from 4.75% to 12%. However, there has been no change with regards to SO2 level, which is 0.8%.The 1,200MW plant took permission from the ministry in September 2011 and this has been questioned by Jan Jagruti activists in Udupi by filing a PIL in HC, which directed the petitioner to approach NGT. He directed Dakshina Kannada authorities to filter toxic elements before releasing the effluents from Mangalore Refinery Petrochemicals Ltd into the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636474", "title": "Contostavlos upset with Will.i.am?", "text": "Singer Tulisa Contostavlos is reportedly upset with singer Will.i.am for copying a song she had planned to release as her third song from debut album \"The Female Boss\".According to reports, Will.i.am's song \"Scream and shout\" was originally written by Contostavlos as \"I don't give a f***\" in collaboration with his close associate Jean Baptiste.But when Will.i.am, who is member of band Black Eyes Peas, heard the song, he took some parts of it and released it featuring Britney Spears , reports thesun.co.uk.\"The song was due to be Tulisa's third single from her album until Will told his protege Jean that he wanted the beat for him and Britney,\" a source said.\"Tulisa's team thought it was a surefire hit but, after losing the battle for the rights, they were forced to release 'Sight of you' which only got to No.18. She now has to watch on as the song goes top 5 around the world,\" the source added.Contostavlos has now dropped plans to release her version.\"At one point Tulisa was even considering releasing her version to rival 'Scream and shout', but now it's unlikely to see the light of day unless it gets leaked,\" the source said.Will.i.am's song \"Scream and shout\" was released Nov 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "marrakech", "code": "17634957", "title": "Sharmila on course to getting LET card, is tied eighth", "text": "MARRAKECH: Indian golfer Sharmila Nicollet stayed on course to getting a Ladies European Tour card after moving to tied eighth by turning in a three-under 69 in the third round of Lalla Aicha Tour School.Sharmila, who had six birdies and three bogeys, is now nine-under for the tournament, and five shots behind the leader, the 17-year-old Thai amateur Ariya Jutanugarn (69).India's other player, Smriti Mehra carded 73 after rounds of 74 and 72, is three-over and lying tied 91st.Sharmila opened with a bogey on third, but quickly made up on the next with a birdie. Back-to-back birdies on eighth and ninth ensured she turned in under-par at 34 and then she birdied 12th, 14th and 18th and gave back bogeys on 13th and 17th for a 69.Her earlier two rounds were 68 and 70. \"It was a solid round and I am happy with it. There is still a little more to go, so I want to stay patient and keep it consistent,\" said Sharmila.Interestingly, the top three in the LET Qualifiers right now are amateurs.While Ariya Jutanugarn moved to the top of the leader board by equalling the Amelkis course record with flawless eight under par 64 for 14-under 202, the second place was held by English amateur Emily Taylor (68) at 13-under 203.Namibian amateur Bonita Bredenhann also equalled the Amelkis Course record with her 64 to lie on 11-under in third place, alongside the Spanish second round leader Virginia Espejo (71).The 141 woman field is spilt over the Al Maaden and Amelkis Resorts over the first four days, playing two rounds on each of the courses.After 72 holes, a cut at top-60 and ties precede the fifth and final round on the Al Maaden Golf Resort to decide the top 30 full cards plus ties on offer for the 2013 Ladies European Tour.The projected cut mark to 60 plus ties moved up to one under-par on Saturday, while those on four under par or better were within the top 30 plus ties.On a day of low scoring in the warm and sunny conditions there were also two hole-in-ones -- one on each of the courses.Mallory Fraiche of the United States made hole in one at the 15th at Al Maaden and Sweden's Viva Schlasberg aced the 17th at Amelkis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631477", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation seeks NIT land for 41 schools", "text": "NAGPUR: Of its 180 schools, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is running 41 in rented buildings on the outskirts of the city. Citing provisions of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, commonly known as RTE Act, the civic body has now requested the state government to direct the Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) for providing lands to house these schools.The Standing committee meeting held on Saturday also took cognisance of the issue. Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said a proposal to increase the rental amount for the school building was approved with a few suggestions. \"One of the suggestions was to get land from the NIT. The proposal was already mooted before additional chief secretary (primary education) JS Saharia during the special meeting held on RTE. The administration later submitted a proposal to the government. These schools, which have high number of students, are mostly situated in unauthorized layouts which come under NIT's area. Students will get good facilities if these schools are housed in permanent buildings. I hope the government takes serious cognisance and directs the NIT for providing land,\" he said.Besides, NIT has many open spaces which it has not handed over while putting the responsibility of unauthorized layouts on NMC's shoulders. NMC schools can get the land easily if the NIT gives this proposal a serious thought.The standing committee also approved the proposal to issue work order for road markings at junctions. The tendering process got delayed due to some problems. Now, the contact has been bagged by an agency which quoted 17.86% below the estimate. To ensure work was done before the winter session, the NMC has already completed marking work in Civil Lines on emergent basis.Besides, a proposal to construct retaining wall at the hillock situated near New Futala area at the cost of Rs42.91 lakh was also approved. Two proposals related to construction of public toilets at GMCH and Narendra Nagar fire station, and other civil works also got the standing committee go-ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17630970", "title": "Plea NGO files petition in HC to curb eve-teasing, harassment", "text": "MUMBAI: A Mumbai NGO, Help Mumbai Foundation, has filed a writ petition in the Bombay high court to prod the state government and the railways to undertake measures to curb eve-teasing, sexual harassment and make the city safe for women.The plea seeks that the strength of women in the police force, both in the state and railway forces, be increased by 25%. Currently, there are only 105 women constables in the Railway Police Force (RPF) on Western Railway (WR) and 126 on Central Railway (CR). This is less than the 10% mandated by a standing order of the Railway Board.The petitioners have pointed out that 20 lakh women commute by train every day in Mumbai and the number of women police personnel is too few to instil confidence in commuters. However, there are no women personnel in patrolling squads and male constables are usually deployed in women's compartments at night.The NGO has pointed out that the first direction given by the Supreme Court in its November 2012 judgment is that all state governments and Union territories must depute plain-clothes female police officers in the precincts of bus stands, shops, railway stations, cinema theatres, shopping malls, parks, beaches, public service vehicles and places of worship to monitor incidents of eve-teasing. \"Mumbai police constabulary, RPF and Government Railway Police do not have sufficient women constables to be posted in all these places named by the Supreme Court in its judgment,\" said Sana Sayed, director, Help Mumbai Foundation. \"Therefore the police and law enforcement agencies need to recruit sufficient number of female constables and officers so that they can be posted at various points that the judgment mentioned,\" she added.The petition, which is yet to be admitted by the HC, has also sought directions to be given to the various administrative divisions to ensure better co-ordination between the forces. It also seeks a mechanism for regular monitoring of public spaces. It urges the court to direct the state government to implement the Justice Chandrashekar Dharmadhikari committee report. The committee was set up in 2010 with the mandate to recommend measures to prevent atrocities on women, including amending various sections of the IPC relating to crimes against women. Early this month, the committee submitted an interim report to the government.\"We want sections 354, 506 and 509 to be made non-bailable. This has already been done by the AP and Orissa governments,\" said Sayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17636923", "title": "Man fires at waiter in Delhi restaurant for refusing to eat leftovers", "text": "NEW DELHI: A young man today opened fire at a waiter who refused to eat the leftover food after he and his friends finished eating at a dhaba here early today.However, the victim escaped without any wounds. The man identified as Rajesh was caught with a pistol after he fired at Monu, who hails from Etawah district in Uttar Pradesh, at around 6.30 AM near Shivaji Stadium in Connaught Place in the heart of the capital.Police said Rajesh along with his friends Vishal and Sahil had come to the dhabha where Monu is working as a waiter in the morning and had some food.After they were done with eating, they forced the waiter to have the leftover food.\"When Monu refused to do so, Rajesh took out a pistol from his pocket and fired at the victim. But the victim escaped without any injury,\" police said.While Rajesh was immediately arrested, his two associates managed to escape from the spot.Police have registered an FIR and are on the lookout for the two who escaped after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635221", "title": "Akshay Kumar had a blast at a food carnival in Mumbai", "text": "It's a foodie fiesta that gets the biggest names in the food industry together and promises a fun and great food. On this weekend at South Mumbai's World Trade Center, the show also got a starry start as actor Akshay Kumar inaugurated the event - which is also in its tenth anniversary.Akshay spoke fondly about his days in the kitchen and also how he nowadays likes to eat rather than cook! He called upon the youngest and oldest member from the crowd to light the ceremonial lamp with him as Farzana Contractor, founder of the event looked on. Akshay was then taken around the all the food stalls at the show and was spotted enjoying Oriental specialities. On the first day chocolatier Zeba Kohli conducted a chocolate making demo and tasting and Sabira Merchant conducted a food quiz, which saw several foodies and chefs taking part.There's a lot of fun in store today and tomorrow. And what's a food show without the Junior Masterchefs? Well-known foodie Rushina Munshaw Ghildiyal will conduct a chefs workshop for Children aged 7 and above, on Sunday, December 16. Apart from a Cookathon, another highlight is the Mystery Basket event where five chefs will be given a basket of diverse ingredients from which they are to create magic! Quite a variety - with healthy oils, multi-grain parathas, sushi, chocolate, organic products and more, all on display!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17632995", "title": "Civic body to bring lottery sales under local body tax", "text": "AURANGABAD: The standing committee of the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) on Saturday directed officials to bring the sale of lottery tickets under the purview of local body tax (LBT) within the shortest possible time. The committee members felt that LBT on lotteries would generate huge revenue for the cash strapped civic body. However, in the absence of clear guidelines, the implementation of LBT on lotteries was quite difficult, said the deputy commissioner of AMC Ayub Khan. He said that keeping track of online sale of lottery tickets and levying tax on it would be a big challenge for the corporation. As of now the corporation is not colleting LBT on lotteries. It was also not clear whether LBT should be charged on the value of the lottery ticket or on the prize money on it, he said.Another AMC official, on the condition of anonymity, said that the lottery business was done online and thus it was impossible for the civic body to check the quantum of its the real business. \"The operators keep on changing their locations every now and then and hence it is not so easy to collect LBT from them,\" he said.There are around 80 to 100 persons engaged in the lottery trade, which operates around 200 terminals of online lottery. These counters are located at Raja bazaar, Aurangpura, the railway station area, the central bus station, Usmanpura, Mukundwadi and TV centre localities. The facility of online lottery is available to clients between 11.20 am and 9.40 pm everyday. Since all these operators are doing businesses within the city limits, they could be brought under the LBT net, standing committee chairman Vikas Jain advised the officials.On an average, each terminal makes a turnover of Rs 20,000 per day and the operators earn 3% of the total profits. Against the profit margin of 3%, they have to incur expenses like shop rent, electric bill, computer maintenance, and so on.\"The business is highly volatile and our earning is very low. And if the corporation is planning to collect LBT on lotteries, it will be a big setback for all the operators,\" said Anand Bankar, one of the lottery ticket terminal operators based at Aurangpura.Before LBT, when octroi duty was in practice, the corporation used to levy octroi on only 86 items. But when LBT was introduced a year and a half year ago, an elaborate list of items, as per the central excise tariff, was prepared which included lotteries, according to which, 2% LBT is applicable on lotteries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633091", "title": "End or not, state your wish before world collapses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For the most recent inhabitants on the planet, we certainly do seem to be in a hurry to call it a day. Doomsday predictions have been doing rounds from 1666, no less. But latest end ostensibly at hand is the supposedly fateful day of December 21, 2012 as mentioned in the Mayan calendar. Now Mayans may have been accomplished both intellectually and artistically. But for someone living back in 2000 BC to AD 250, 2012 would have been remote enough to imagine world's end. Anyway, they did put it down in their famous calendar. Though we are looking forward to a fruitful 2013, TOI asks readers to put on their thinking caps and imagine, what if the Mayans were right.Class VI student of St Anne's School, Aryan arches his brows at that. All that he can think of, given the prospect of the end in less than a week, is Pamela Anderson. \"I would like to go on a candlelight dinner with Pamela Anderson in a 7 star hotel,\" he spells his heart's desire.\"If this were to happen, I would buy costliest car like a Ferrari or Lamborghini on loan because I wouldn't have to worry about repaying the loan,\" said Dr Manjot of Sector 37. A woman from Wisconsin, US, predicted a cataclysm from sky precipitated by the Earth colliding with a huge planetary object, Nibiru. Many dates were offered as potential doomsday, but there was no sign of Nibiru. December 21, 2012, incidentally end of the Mayan calendar, is the latest. The idea has been cashed upon by internet groups, filmmakers and writers. Over 100 books and 133 films have been based on the subject but every time, it has been back to square one. Astrologers have mixed feelings. While some say they have a calendar for the next 1,000 years, others say destruction will be there but in some areas. Pandit Arun of Sector 22 C advised people against falling for the predictions. \"The Indian calendar predicts life over 100 years from now,\" he said. \"False comments on FB might spread fear. People should understand this isn't true,\" said Shivendra Pal of Sector 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17637460", "title": "Industrialists, academicians to help IIT Gandhinagar strategize", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17632368", "title": "Calangute market cum bus stand complex gets govt nod", "text": "CALANGUTE: The directorate of panchayats has given its administrative approval for a modern market cum bus stand complex in Calangute, fulfilling a long-pending demand of the coastal tourist-centric village.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo said that besides a new market, the complex will also house a new bus stand, besides other facilities.To be located on a 38,000 sq mt plot alongside the St Alex church, on the left on the Calangute-Mapusa road, the completion of the market-cum-bus stand complex will take at least one-and-a-half years on account of the number of other facilities will also be built there.\"The administrative approval has already been given by the director of panchayats. All the rent-a-bikes and taxi stands will also shift there. An electricity sub-station has also been planned there,\" Lobo told STOI.Senior Calangute panchayat member Joseph Sequeira said that the Goa state infrastructure development corporation will take up the land acquisition and construct the market-cum-bus stand complex and it should be completed in about one-and-a-half-years' time.The new market and bus stand are being built outside the main village to reduce traffic congestion in the touristy village, as has been done in Panaji, Margao, Vasco, etc.Sources said the proposal had been pending for the last 15 years, but was not supported by the earlier regime. The need for a new market was felt because the old market located in the heart of the village was unable to cater to the needs of the village because of the rapid growth due to the booming tourism industry, said sources. The other problem was haphazard parking of vehicles due insufficient parking space, which invariably caused traffic congestion at the main 'tinto'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631548", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation finally removes 25 pandals", "text": "NAGPUR: Acting on the high court's directives to the civic authorities, the anti-encroachment squad of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation and state public works department (PWD) removed pandals erected at RBI Quarters Square in Civil Lines on Saturday. The 25 organizations that were staging demonstrations for their various demands at these pandals were caught unawares by this swift action.On Saturday, the executive engineer of PWD had served notice to all the demonstrators to vacate the spots within 24 hours. The notice also mentioned that the no-objection certificate given for erecting the pandals stands terminated.However, the anti-encroachment squad of the NMC's Dhantoli zone reached the area on Saturday morning to remove pandals erected on the roadside from Hislop College Square to MLA hostel Square.Initially, demonstrators tried to protest as many of them had decided not to vacate the spot. However, police personnel deployed there prevented any untoward incident.The demonstrators wondered how the PWD, which had earlier issued NOCs to erect the pandals, was not aware of the high court's directives in 2009 prohibiting permissions for erecting pandals.Wasim Qureshi of Indian Unemployed Engineers' Association (IUEA) told TOI that the organizations and individuals had also obtained permissions from the city police's special branch for staging demonstrations at these pandals.However, since the assembly session was closed on Saturday, the city police organized meeting of a few delegations with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.IUEA's secretary Rajiv Bhange pointed out that the meeting was useless. \"Since he had other commitments, the CM failed to listen to our grievances,\" he said.Many demonstrators were not happy with the 'hurriedly-called' meetings with the ministers concerned and many refused to meet the CM as they wanted their issues to be resolved first.Representatives of Elite Muslims Organisation said the winter session of state legislature in Nagpur is an eyewash. \"No important decision is taken or issue resolved,\" said an activist, who did not wish to be named.Endorsing Qureshi, former deputy mayor Shekhar Sawarbandhe, who had come to meet the agitating handicapped persons from Ahmednagar district, said he will speak to the NMC for providing alternate place to the demonstrators. He, however, welcomed the HC's decision.A senior NMC officer from Dhantoli zone stated that the eviction drive was a follow up of the high court's directives. The court had expressed that granting permission for erecting pandals, welcome gates, arches and stages is clear contempt of its directives in 2009. The court also warned of contempt notices against the authorities. However, the government pleader gave assurance to the court that appropriate steps would be taken before Monday, December 17, which is the next date for hearing. The officer, however, failed to reply why the Dhantoli zone granted permission for erecting pandals in violation of the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635446", "title": "The arty party", "text": "Kochi Biennale has its heart in the right place, but needs to crack logisticsIn Aspinwall, the open-air section of Aspinwall House \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a 1.6 lakh sq ft colonial trading compound \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Afghan-American artist Aman Mojadidi doubles as bouncer, guarding a mock excavation site he has created. \"Yesterday, a woman walked all over the site, talking on her cellphone, pausing only to ask, 'Excuse me? Do you know where the biennale artworks are?'\" he laughs. She's not alone.At Fort Kochi, venue of Independent India's biggest art event, the Kochi-Muziris Biennale 2012, visitors stumble on art by happy accident. But if you aren't terribly hung up on details like signage , maps and meticulous labelling that could have made India's first art biennale navigation-friendly , wandering in circles is an inventive way to explore Fort Kochi's little cafes , street art and cheerful houses.The trail to Pepper House, a waterfront heritage property that stands on Kalvathi Road between Fort Kochi and Bazaar Road, leads us to delicious Kerala pancakes packed with coconut. While looking for food, we find a delightful art gallery called Kashi. A useful discovery; not only does it have a 'Thought for the Day' sign, but the old Dutch house turns out to be one of the venues for the biennale. Some of the artwork, like Shreyas Karle's \"dysfunctional\" fountain, seems a part of the heritage structure . Why ruin the picturesque with a label?A spirited attemptAt the grand opening on Wednesday, work was inching towards the finishing line at a languid pace. Artist Sudarshan Shetty said we should think of it as the opportunity to grab a peek into the artist's studio \u00e2\u20ac\u201d far more charming than going to a sanitised biennale.The night before, the generators on site were on strike. The problem was solved four hours later with creative power piracy. Over dinner, chilled beer and mosquitoes with a taste for arty blood, a Bengalurubased gallerist solemnly discussed the bonhomie that the biennale had given birth to. The conversation took a curious turn as she suddenly asked those present, \"Do you want to go to that place, where CC, SP, JP and the others are? I know CC annoys you but SG is fun... \" Socialising in the art circuit has its roots in unconditional love.The grand openingThe big day dawns. Rapper MIA's stage at the Parade Ground suffers an identity crisis and ends up looking like a shaadi mandap dressed with red plastic chairs. A handful of artworks are complete; the rest gamely play catch-up . The Aspinwall House grounds are littered . The work force is thin, and the Customs, in all its wisdom, decided that the biennale artworks were better off docking in Mumbai. Despite the logistical challenge, the event couldn't have chosen a venue with more character. At Aspinwall House, visit Atul Dodiya's massive photo exhibit or enter the warehouse that's home to Subodh Gupta's gigantic boat. The 170 traditional granite wet grinders that Sheela Gowda sourced from the streets of Bengaluru lie across the floor; a reminder of India's spice trade. The space is distanced from the sea by a wall painted with a giant, colourful fish by a street artist. You see it, and you know that the biennale's heart is in the right place.Where the head is, on the other hand, is anybody's guess. Artist Julius Macwan, who made the trip from Mumbai for the \"love of the boys (curators of the biennale , Bose Krishnamachari and Riyas Komu)\", says, \"They're my dearest friends. Having said that, I feel that the biennale has been a let down. Whoever should have come forward to make it work physically, hasn't .. despite all the beautiful work.\"For India, the event is a huge step forward with regard to heritage management. Surrounding structures have been given a facelift, and art has been freed from the bondage of galleries and museums . But to be counted as a global event, production value and attention to detail are paramount.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17633722", "title": "Space-based solar energy may solve energy crisis: Kalam", "text": "COIMBATORE: The two-day Southern Regional Science Congress marking the centenary year of Indian Science Congress Association began at Kongunadu Arts and Science College here on Saturday with the theme of `Science for shaping future of India.' Over 300 scientists from leading institutions in Tamil Nadu , Kerala, Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka and Puducherry will present papers at the congress, which is a prelude to the Centenary year National Science Congress slated to be held in New Delhi next year.Inaugurating the seminar, former President Dr A P J Abdul Kalam said science can soon resolve the worsening energy situation in the country. \"There is a growing possibility to harness energy from the space through space-based power systems. Space-based solar power has several advantages over the traditional terrestrial-based solar plants and India can play a pivotal role in this field,'' he said.Kalam said scientists in the country are trying to develop nano batteries which will store solar energy in space and transmit it to the earth. \"These batteries will store energy and transmit to the earth regularly and each kilogram of payload would touch several hundreds of watt hours. The level of solar irradiance is 1.4 times in extra-terrestrial level than on the surface of the earth. Moreover the panels can collect the solar energy 24 hours a day as against 6 to 8 hours in case of surface-based solar power plants. Also the efficiency of the space-based solar plants would be more, he added.Delving deep into the need for multi-disciplinary approaches in science, he said one of his research students was developing ways to helpslow learners among children through scientific research. The human brain has billions of neurons. The quantity and quality of the neurons in the brain can be improved by providing greater and greater challenges to the brain at any age. My research student Fr George is making a model of the brain where the neuronal density is the key factor for the smartness of the brain. The model and some studies shows that focused damage does not diminish the capabilities to a greater extend. However, the widespread destruction of neurons decreases the capabilities drastically. If a way is found to increase the neuronal density at least in some areas we will be able to give better quality of life to the affected children, he said. \"My research student is evolving methods for increasing the number of neurons through natural methods of challenging the brain, external stimulation or through the use of stem cells or a combination of these,'' he said.Delivering key-note address, Union science and technology department secretary T Ramasami said the government was keen on encouraging science related research activities to improve people's lives. \"From 1981 to 2001 there was a decline in research activities. After that the funding and resources for research programmes has increased and there is a considerable increase in research and development,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636087", "title": "Bradley Cooper's hair trouble", "text": "Actor Bradley Cooper is so sensitive about his receding hairline that he has apparently told his hairstylist keep a lid on rumors about his luscious locks.\"He brought in a special stylist while he films The Hangover Part III and is paying boucoup bucks for her to sign a confidentiality clause,\" showbizspy.com quoted a source as saying.\"He comes from a long line of bald guys and has used Propecia for year.Brad's thrown himself into work and is desperate for an Oscar nod in February, but he's paranoid about going bald. He thinks it could kill his leading-man status.\"He's been getting a cutting-edge hair-loss treatment and taking a battery of natural supplements - and he's only washing his hair every three days, with expensive organic shampoos,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631271", "title": "Three kill friend over drunken brawl", "text": "NAGPUR: City police have taken three persons into custody for allegedly stabbing 25-year-old Amit Shende, a painter by profession, in front of his residence in Nandanvan slums, on Friday evening. Amit was declared dead early on Saturday.The cops managed to zero down on suspected assailants based on Amit's last statement mentioning Rakesh Nagdive, Sourav Dange and Ashwin Somkuwar. The assailants, neighbours and friends with Amit, had picked up a quarrel over a trivial issue. Second among three siblings, Shende had already lost his parents in the past.Police said that a drunk Nagdive and his friends abused Amit who too was on a high. Enraged over the abuses, Amit confronted them which turned the fight with Nagdive and friends ugly. As Nagdive repeatedly stabbed Amit, Sourav and Ashwin delivered blows on him. Amit received eight stab injuries.Relatives and friends rushed a profusely bleeding Amit to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). Amit gave out the names of the three assailants before being taken into the operation theatre late on Friday night.Amit's elder sister Gunjan said that though just three assailants had been nabbed, there were over half a dozen of men involved in the assault. \"They used sharp and long knives to stab Amit who recalled only three names before collapsing,\" she informed.Amit's friends, present outside GMCH mortuary, said that he had an old rivalry with Nagdive but they had patched up recently. \"We feel that Nagdive and his accomplices ensured that Amit consumed enough liquor before attacking him,\" the friends added.Sunil Jaiswal, senior inspector Nandanvan police station, said that a fight over trivial issue led to Amit's murder and none of the assailants had previous criminal records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17632237", "title": "Karnatak University to hire guest lecturers", "text": "DHARWAD: Karnatak University will hire professionals having a post-graduate degree and 15 years' experience as visiting faculties to various departments. This is an attempt to make the post-graduate students industry-ready and develop soft skills.The decision to this effect was taken at the Academic Council meeting held at the varsity on Saturday. Vice-chancellor HB Walikar who chaired the meeting said that experts from various fields, particularly from management, information technology, journalism and bio-technology were not ready to visit the university and teach the students as the honorarium paid by the University is not remunerative.\"We are giving honorarium based on the UGC guidelines. To attract experts' service the varsity will pay them a consolidated remuneration. The varsity will make budgetary allocation from next financial year\" the VC said. The resource persons should sign a two-year contract with the varsity and based on their performance, the contract period would be renewed, he added. Referring to the government's decision of allowing 13 private varsities to set up their varsities in Karnataka, Walikar stated that the varsities are running short of man power. In KU, 146 professors' posts in various PG departments and 62 posts in under-graduate departments had fallen vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17637300", "title": "Gaurang Shah opens couture store in Hyderabad", "text": "Inspired by ancient Indian art of Jamdani weaves, award winning designer Gaurang Shah on Friday opened his new couture store in upmarket Jubilee Hills here .The store will showcase \"ready to wear and practical\" fashion clothing lines across women's wear, accessories with about 100 new contemporary, traditional and bridal, Indo-western wear, completely hand-woven inspired by ancient Indian heritage like kanjeevarams instilled with classic kalamkaris and zardozi.The store is set in a unique leisure ambience where customers can engage, interact and shop calmly, Shah said in a statement.This is his first own label store branded as Gaurang in India showcasing what ancient India can offer to the world of high fashion.\"I have realised a dream to do what I love most and create what a woman likes to wear, hand-woven sarees in Khadi, silks and cotton, and even better, creating jobs for Indian handloom weavers and weaving the wonderful fabrics in a traditional way,\" he said in the statement.The designer hopes to expand his label stores presence in other metro cities in the next two to three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17632939", "title": "Antiques recovered in Puranapul area while digging earth", "text": "VARANASI: Digging the earth on land for sale by the owner led to recovery of some antiques of the 12th century near Puranapul area on Saturday. Locals started thronging the site to offer prayers due to which the officials of the district administration had to deploy heavy police force for crowd control.One Amarnath Maurya owns a plot on the bank of river Varuna, a few yards away from Puranapul. As he had to sell soil of his plot, he engaged some labourers for digging the land. One stone piece was recovered while digging in the morning. When the labourers cleaned this stone piece, a structure that appeared like Shivlinga with Argha emerged. This news spread like a wild fire and people from nearby areas started gathering around the place.Keeping the public 'sentiment' in view, a tent was put to cover this site and a religious flag was also installed on a bamboo. Some enthusiastic labourers and locals continued digging other parts of Maurya's plot.By late afternoon five stone pieces were recovered and the influx of people at this site also increased massively. Taking note of it, ADM City, MP Singh and SP City, SK Singh reached there.To avoid occurrence of any untoward incident as the people reached the site after crossing many drains merging in Varuna and to keep the crowd regulated, the officials deployed heavy police force and PAC personnel. An ACM and a circle officer were also sent there to monitor the situation.On the directive of district officials, the deputy superintending archeologist of Archeological Survey of India (ASI), Ajay Srivastava also visited the site to see the recovered antiques.The ADM City said, \"any decision regarding the recovered stone pieces would be taken later when the people would stop visiting there.\" The officials said either these articles can be handed over to ASI the or be kept in any temple. But, locals were against the decision of keeping these busts in any temple as they were 'Khandit' (broken) pieces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17631057", "title": "BPO employee hurt in cylinder blast", "text": "PUNE: A call centre employee, Jitendra Kumar Prasad (23), was injured in an LPG gas cylinder explosion in his house at Ganeshnagar in new Bopkhel, Vishrantwadi, in the wee hours of Saturday.Prasad, who has suffered 15 per cent burns, was admitted to an army hospital in Range Hills, where his condition was reported to be stable. Senior inspector Motichand Rathod, in charge of the Vishrantwadi police station, said that Prasad, a BCom graduate, hails from Nalanda in Bihar and works with a BPO firm in Pune.\"After returning home from work around 4.30 am, Prasad lit the gas stove to cook rice. He then started working on a computer in another room. After some time, he smelt gas and rushed to the kitchen. However, before he could realize what was happening, the cylinder exploded, leaving him with facial and body injuries,\" he said.The gas leaked from the pipe as it was damaged, Rathod said. Such was the impact of the explosion that the door of the room flew off and the windows were left broken. Panicked prevailed in the area asneighbours, jolted from their sleep by the blast, alerted the city police control room. which rushed a bomb detection and disposal squad, along with a sniffer dog squad, to the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17633010", "title": "Every 88th kid born is autistic: Survey", "text": "LUCKNOW: According to a global survey, one in every 88 children in the world is born with autism. To spread awareness about possibilities of treatment and cure in India, a meet on autism was held in the city on Saturday.Autism is a complex developmental disorder that has three defining core features-problems with social interactions, impaired verbal and non-verbal communication and a pattern of repetitive behaviour with narrow, restricted interests.Parents of autistic children were made aware of the number of other symptoms that frequently coexist with autism. Experts said most people with autism have problem using language, forming relationships and interpreting appropriately and responding to the external world around them.A behaviorally defined developmental disorder, autism begins in early childhood. Although the diagnosis of autism may not be made until a child reaches pre-school or school age, the signs and symptoms of autism may be apparent by the time the child is aged 12-18 months, and the behavioral characteristics of autism are almost always evident by the time the child is aged three years.The event was followed by interactive session in which doubts of parents of autistic children were cleared. The event was organised by Era Medical College, Immortal Life Sciences Pvt Ltd, and XY Clinics Dubai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17631468", "title": "Connecticut killer: Lonely, but intelligent young man", "text": "WASHINGTON: The blank slot in the school yearbook where his mugshot is supposed to be says \"camera shy\" in place of a photo. No one remembers exchanging any long or meaningful conversation with him in school. One classmate recalls he did not speak a single word throughout a school year.Adam Lanza was such a loner that 24-hours after the horrific cold-blooded massacre in a Connecticut school in which he killed 26 people, including 20 children, no one stepped forward to claim even a fleeting friendship. Some thought the 20-year-old was autistic; others said he had Asperger's syndrome or disorder (ASD), a related form of autism that is typically characterized by physical awkwardness and significant difficulties in social interaction. Everyone left him alone, mostly because it seemed he wanted to be alone.From all accounts, he was intelligent and a good student, even though he rarely spoke. One classmate said he got high marks; he knew this from peeking at his scores when their teacher handed back their math honours test papers in their sophomore year. But Adam took pains to remain unrecognized, leaving no footprints in life, real or electronic.Parents' divorce hit Lanza kids hard, says neighbourThroughout the day, news trolls tracked his brother Ryan's electronic footprints, including his Facebook page, after it was initially reported that he might be the killer because his kid brother had his ID on him when he was found dead. But Adam himself had no Facebook page or any other electronic trail.He was as \"obscure in life\" as he was \"infamous in death\" one headline said.As much as the carnage was brutal and heartless, and pure evil in the eyes of many, Adam Lanza also presents a heartbreaking profile in loneliness. His life began in a normal family in an affluent Connecticut neighbourhood that is mostly white and wealthy. His father, Peter Lanza, is a well-regarded executive who is a vice-president at GE Capital and had been a partner at global accounting giant Ernst &amp; Young. Ryan, four years older, also joined Ernst &amp; Young and did well. His mother, daughter of a policeman, was a school teacher.About a decade back, his parents first separated and later divorced. The children stayed with the mother in their house while the father moved out. One neighbour thought the event hit the kids hard. Another whose child occasionally had play dates with the Lanza kids thought the mother was too demanding of them. But no one saw Adam inclined towards violence. If anything, he was shy, withdrawn and reclusive.But on Friday, when he headed out to the Sandy Hook Elementary School after first shooting dead his mother at home, he was armed to the teeth. The weapons were legally purchased, authorities said. They are still trying to figure out why he focused on killing children, all aged between 5 and 10, in two classrooms. Was it because his mother taught there and there was something he resented in the situation? He may have taken the answer to his grave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17631349", "title": "State's budget allocation for forest is dismal 0.5%: PAC chief", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Maharashtra Government allocates less than 0.5% of its budget to forest department as against suggested allocation of 2.5% in the guidelines of union government, complained head of public accounts committee (PAC) of state and MLA Girish Bapat.The PAC on Saturday visited Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR). Only 10 out of 27 members of the committee made it to the tour. Questioning the effectiveness of the forest department in spending funds, Bapat stressed on the need for pumping more money for better protection and conservation of forest and wildlife.Forest officers took the committee members to TATR where they inspected the damage done by forest fire. The team also saw a tiger during their visit.Later in the afternoon, the committee held a meeting with TATR officials at Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station rest house. The members took stock of various issues related to allocation and spending of funds, protection and conservation of wildlife, damage to forest due to fire, tourism facilities and scope of increasing the same, status of village inside buffer zone and initiatives taken for their betterment, steps taken for protection of tiger corridors, details of the staff and facilities for the those residing in dense forest areas, etc.Bapat said, \"The committee will suggest the government to formulate a time bound programme with joint initiative of tourism and forest department to increase number of tourists in tiger reserves to generate more employment for local forest dwellers.\"The PAC will submit its report on TATR during ongoing winter session of state legislature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633142", "title": "Changed exam pattern zaps MBE students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a new, unfamiliar exam pattern of a question paper, students appearing for the third semester exam of Masters of Business Economics (MBE) were taken by surprise at the DAV College, Sector 10, here on Saturday. Confusion prevailed for over three hours till the exam continued at this centre as students complained about the changed pattern, with no internal choice of questions within each unit.Students were taking the business forecasting exam, while the operational research exam was held on December 12 before this.In the last five years, students were required to answer five questions from five units, with an internal choice between two questions. Each question had 16 marks and the total exam was of 80 marks. This year however, the students were asked to attempt ten questions and these were randomly asked from all the chapters.\"Students have had a raw deal and have been complaining about this new pattern. We will be writing to the PU authorities about it,\" said Vibha, a faculty member of the college. And the situation was the same in examination halls across other colleges, as students of MBE third semester, struggled with the unfamiliar exam pattern.\"We were taken completely by surprise by the changed pattern. There was no prior intimation about it and questions were distributed in a lopsided manner,\" rued Akash Sahni, an MBE student.Another third semester student on condition of anonymity said, \"There were questions totalling 32 marks from one single chapter. Sixty four marks were at stake because of this changed pattern out of a total of 80 marks.\"Students cited that because of this confusion, they were fearing taking the exam on December 17.PU authorities are yet to come up with a response for the affected college students, with officials busy with the syndicate proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17636695", "title": "ICTs have a multiplier effect in education: MHRD", "text": "NEW DELHI: ICTs have a multiplier effect in education said secretary, ministry of human resource development, department of higher education, Ashok Thakur, while stressing the need to increase the gross enrolment ratio(GER) in higher education which continues to be low at 20% despite a substantial increase in the higher education budget.He added that an intelligent use of ICTs can have multiplier effect to provide anytime anywhere education and also add quality to education. \"For optimal use of technology, the content should be pitched at appropriate levels with greater hands-on experience to prepare the learners to meet the challenges of life,\" Thakur said during his valedictory address of the two-day workshop on 'instructional design for e-Content development' at the Indira Gandhi National Open University(IGNOU) in the Electronic Media Production Centre(EMPC) at the headquarters in the capital.\"When we started with the National Mission on Education through Information and Communication Technology(NMEICT), we had 419 universities in the country and 18,000 colleges. Now, the number has grown manifold and we have each university granted with 1 GB/sec connectivity which we aim to increase with a ten-fold growth of 10 GB/sec,\" said NK Sinha, additional secretary, higher education, MHRD, also the director for NMEICT during the workshop.\"Content is a critical source in the world of e-knowledge. To create content in order to hit the bull's eye is the challenge we need to undertake. If we want to move in that direction then we need content, connectivity and devices. We aim to create wi-fi hot spots in the rural areas too. We have so much knowledge, but to package it is a challenge,\" added Sinha.Speaking during the inaugural session of the workshop, professor Gopinath Pradhan, vice chancellor, IGNOU, brought forward his modus-operandi for the university, which is to switch over to online offering of most of the programmes of the university.The University's Advanced Centre for Informatics and Innovative Learning (ACIIL) organised this workshop to build awareness about effective ways to design learning content and the techniques vital to creating successful e-content in collaboration with the Planning Commission, MHRD and British Council.The workshop demonstrated methodologies of effective instructional design, use of specific and appropriate development tools and provided strategies and techniques to support the iterative process of instructional design. It enabled the developers and practitioners to learn effective methods for designing, planning, developing and delivering quality e-content with high-impact results. This workshop was aimed at anyone with an interest in the design, development and delivery of e-learning materials, particularly teachers, lecturers and trainers wishing to investigate the production of online learning, or review the effectiveness of their existing online learning materials. It was mainly meant for content experts who have been given the responsibility of developing e-content and e-learning programmes; especially those who are developing e-content under the NMEICT projects.\"Instructional design is the systematic development of instruction after thorough analysis of the learner and their learning needs. When applied effectively, instructional design helps in creating high-impact learning resources focussing specifically learner and their experience. Instructional designers use communication technology for developing instruction. Basically, it is the practice of arranging media and content for effective transfer of knowledge,\" said professor Uma Kanjilal, director, ACIIL.Under the NMEICT, e-content creation has been undertaken in a massive scale by many institutions and universities. NPTEL project sanctioned to IIT, Madras provides e-learning through online web and video based courses in engineering, science and humanities streams. The project is now in the second phase of development where more than 990 courses in 23 disciplines in engineering and science are getting generated.\"Other major initiatives of e-content generation have been taken up by the Consortium for Educational Communication (CEC) for 68 subjects for UG level courses and by UGC for PG level courses in 77 subjects. IGNOU is in the process of developing 500 courses in 17 disciplines of Social Sciences and Humanities. The overall goal is to create high quality, curriculum-based interactive content for all subjects and host them on LMS platform for the benefit of universities, colleges and the world-wide academic community in open access,\" Kanjilal added.Kyriaki Anagnostopoulou, head of e-learning, University of Bath, UK, brought forward the basic concepts and methodologies supporting instructional design in the digital world. \"Instructional design is not a final product. It is a sequence of activities that the students are given to use,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17632975", "title": "Lovebird leaves note for family before flight", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Chowk police have recovered a note from the home of the 14-year-old school boy who had reportedly eloped with his older female tutor on Wednesday. In the note, the boy has urged his parents not to worry and has said that differences between him and the family will get sorted in next four to five years and that he would make a comeback as an IPS official, said the police.The police questioned friends of the missing duo to find their whereabouts but did not receive any specific leads. Several guest houses and hotels were also rounded up to search for the couple too proved futile. The police managed to get hold of the CCTV footage of the SBI ATM from where the boy had withdrawn the amount from his father's account before eloping. In the footage he is seen alone.The family members of the 22 year old girl are worried as the cell phones of both have remained switched off for four days. The police had earlier found out from their cell phone locations that the two had fled together and remained in the same area after the incident.In the said incident, a student of class IX of the Thakurganj branch of a leading school chain, allegedly ran away with his female tutor, a student of B Com final year on December 12. She was teaching commerce to the boy at the latter's residence in the old city area for the past eight months and his grades had been improving since. While his family is well off, the girl comes from a relatively modest background, maintained the police. The boy had smartly picked up his father's ATM card and withdrawn Rs 11,000. The police believe that the two will contact somebody as soon as they run out of cash.Married woman dies after assault: A married woman was allegedly found dead after sexual assault on Saturday morning. The police suspect the assailants had strangulated the woman and assumed her dead before dumping her body at an isolated spot in Saadatganj area near the Kuccha Pul. The police also found injury marks on the deceased's body.In the said incident body of the deceased woman, who is suspected to be in early 40s, was found between broken boundary walls of a house by a person on Saturday morning. Police said that the woman was breathing when they found her and rushed her immediately to the trauma centre. However, doctors declared her brought dead.The police were not sure about the identity of the woman till late Saturday night and was taking help of the residents of the area to confirm her identity.\"We have been told about a woman named Babita who had gone missing on Friday from Chaupatiya area, but are waiting for her immediate family members to arrive from Ballia and confirm the identity,\" said Sarvesh Kumar , circle officer of Bazarkhala.The police have also sent the body of the deceased for medical examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633452", "title": "600kg of rotten beef seized in Chintadripet", "text": "CHENNAI: Food safety department officials on Saturday seized 600kg of rotten beef from a wholesale dealer in Chintadripet. The public health department has seized 17 tonnes of rotten meat and sealed five shops found purchasing such meat in the last couple of months.A media release from the Chennai Corporation said the wholesale dealer, Agnes, was getting beef from other states and selling them to hotels and roadside eateries in the city. The raid at 129, West Cooum Street, Chintadripet, followed the recent seizure of rotten meat from Chennai Central and Egmore railway stations.The team, comprising zonal welfare officers, veterinarians , conservancy officers and health inspectors, sprinkled disinfectants on the decomposed meat and disposed it in the Kodungaiyur garbage dump yard. The shop selling the meat was sealed, and complaints were filed against the dealers involved at the Chitadripet police station.\"Strict action will be taken against owners of roadside eateries and hotels preparing and selling food made using unhygienic meat. Their licences will be cancelled and their establishments and shops closed and sealed,\" the release said.On Friday, food safety department officials seized 73 tonnes of food products, worth 12.34 lakh, from a manufacturing unit in Kodungaiyur for not having proper labels and safety marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17631707", "title": "Pune FC puncture Dempo's pride", "text": "PANAJI: It must have hurt, but what do you expect when you attempt to sit on a chair with one leg?Pune FC flattened Dempo Sports Club with a stunning 5-1 victory that punctured not just their pride but also asked questions about their ability to defend the title they have been winning in grandiose fashion all these years.At half time, the teams were locked one-all, Joaquim Abranches' powerful freekick canceling James Moga's early opener for Pune FC. But the second half had everyone rubbing their eyes in disbelief as the visitors hammered four goals to script their third consecutive victory at Fatorda, their happy-hunting ground.\"The victory does not surprise me. The scoreline, yes, surely,\" Pune FC coach Derrick Pereira admitted after the match.Much of Dempo's problems stemmed, or rather started, with Mahesh Gawli's injury early in the second session. Armando Colaco's bold gamble to throw in the young Shallum Pires -- making his senior debut this season -- backfired as his centre-back pairing with the equally culpable Rowilson Rodrigues never looked secure.Once Mahesh was forced out, Dempo didn't seem to have any Colossus left on the field. Cressan Antao lacked match fitness and was not among the 18, Selwyn Fernandes had a sore shoulder on the bench and unregistered Ghanaian defender Stephen Offei watched from the stands.\"When Mahesh got injured, I knew we were in trouble,\" said the Dempo chief coach.Trouble is too mild a word. Dempo were like the proverbial cat on a hot tin roof, inviting trouble for themselves in the 53rd minute when Shallum mispassed, Samir Naik fumbled and Rowilson slipped, handing Moga an early Christmas gift.Dempo never recovered from that blow and Pune FC only grew from strength to strength with the passage of time. The magnificent Douhou Pierre had his rivals wrapped around his little finger while Moga's hot chases and enormous strength meant the defence was perennially at sixes and sevens. Pune FC's third goal in the 76th minute was another defensive lapse as Moga was allowed all the time in the world to head the ball towards the path of Izumi Arata for a simple blast.Bad turned worse three minutes later for Dempo as substitute striker Jeje Lalpekhlua helped himself to a goal while, poetically, Douhou - the most spectacular player on view - helped put the icing on the cake with another gem five minutes from close.This was Dempo's worst defeat at Fatorda in more than a decade, a throwback to the time when Dempo were also rans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17632465", "title": "Ready for talks with church: Gadgil", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Dr Madhav Gadgil has said that he would only be happy to have an open discussion with church authorities to remove misconceptions and false propaganda on the Western Ghats expert ecology panel (WGEEP) report. The Syro-Malabar Church and Catholic Bishop's Council had slammed the report.\"In fact, the pastoral letter circulated by the bishop of Idukki diocese stating that the people should be taken into confidence is exactly what the WGEEP report is all about. The report does not have a single point which is against the community staying along the Western Ghats,\" he told TOI on Saturday.Reacting to the state government's stand that the WGEEP report will not be implemented because it covers even urban areas and will hamper development, he said this was not based on any factual and scientific observations. \"The three eco-sensitive zones that have been demarcated by us are by no means rigid lines which will be imposed upon people. We have drawn a broad grid and now it is up to the people at all panchayats and wards to look at green zones and mark them as eco-sensitive zones within their neighbourhood,\" he said.Gadgil said in Kerala, for instance, there were many areas with water resources that needed protection. \"Else, we will see rapid destruction of natural resources. You only have to look at the unscrupulous development that had happened in Karnataka and Goa by the mining mafia in collusion with the government.\"He said as soon the Delhi high court directed the Union ministry of environment to make the WGEEP report public, all states should have translated the report into regional languages and circulated amongst the public. \"It is unfortunate that Kerala has not done it till date and that is one reason why there are so many wrong notions about it. The church should in fact take a pro-active role in circulating the Malayalam copies of the report,\" Gadgil said.He said there was a need for these zonations as the environmental impact assessment (EIA) report prepared for most developmental projects are fabricated. \"Recently one sarpanch in rural Maharashtra almost lost his life after he believed in the report prepared by the Maharashtra pollution control board which said that the neigbourhood of Vasishti river adjoining a Maharashtra industrial development zone was unpolluted and he consumed the water.\"Citing another example, Gadgil said an EIA report for a mining project in Goa along the Western Ghats did not have a hill-stream, which was very much flowing. \"When I questioned the miner about this, he said it was just an illusion that there is a river as the state's GI map does not have any blue lines.\"He said that this was the state of affairs in the country. \"We cannot give away our rich natural resources to be exploited by the private firms, which in collusion with the government does not care a bit about the local community who have been subsisting on the Western Ghats for hundreds of years.\"He said the state should provide incentives and service charges to those conserving buffer zones of forests in spite of increasing man-animal conflicts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17631792", "title": "Rs 2.25 lakh worth stolen jewellery recovered", "text": "NASHIK: The Adgaon police recovered jewellery worth Rs 2.25 lakh from an externed criminal, who was hiding in their jurisdiction.The accused, Kiran Madhukar Ahire, now remanded in judicial custody, was found hiding in Vasant Dada Slum in Adgaon village. The Adgaon police said that they had received a tip off that Ahire who has been externed from Nashik city was hiding there.Subsequently, a trap was laid under the direction of deputy commissioner of police Sahebrao Patil, ACP Ganesh Shinde and senior PI of the Adgaon police station, S S Daule. The accused was arrested from his house and confessed to have committed four house break-ins in the city and one at Medha in Satara.On Diwali, he broke into a jewellery shop in Medha and took away three kg silver. He buried it in an open plot near his house.Meanwhile, during investigation, Ahire confessed to have committed a house break-in at Adgaon, two at Konark Nagar and one at Dhatrak Phata in which he had stolen the jewellery, totally valued at Rs 2.25 lakh.The Adgaon police said that the gold jewellery was buried in the kitchen of his house.The accused confessed to have committed a house break-in at Adgaon, two at Konark Nagar and one in Dhatrak Phata in which he had stolen the jewellery, totally valued at Rs 2.25 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633291", "title": "Authors should engage in fist fights'", "text": "It's a dream debut for any novelist . Jeet Thayil's maiden novel, 'Narcopolis' , was on the Man Booker and Economist Crossword Book Award shortlists . But Thayil earned his feathers as a poet and says that we may well see the end of poetry from him.That's a very impressive list of award appearances for 'Narcopolis'True. I had not expected this, especially after the negative reaction it had received from critics.What clicked for 'Narcopolis' ?I don't really know what has worked for the book, but it has changed their (western world's ) idea of Indian fiction . Indian literature is coming of age and all kinds of people are writing interesting fiction; every decent publisher from the West has come here now.You've been writing for long but the novel came only now. When did you know that you had a story to tell?I didn't know I had 'Narcopolis' in me for 20 years as I was doing drugs then. I quit in 2002 and only after that I knew I had to write this story. I started to work on it in 2005 but the story took its own course and for the most part I was like a sailor on unknown seas.Unknown seas... that sounds like 'Life of Pi' . Is there a film coming out of 'Narcopolis' too?Yes, there have been talks with a few people and we've made progress. It's also being translated - eight foreign and two Indian languages (Marathi and Malayalam).The painter-poet Newton Xavier in 'Narcopolis' seems so much like F N Souza. Is there an inspiration?Newton Xavier is absolutely based on Souza and Dom Moraes. I had met Souza a few times and done a lengthy interview with him once and I knew Dom very well. In fact, my next novel, which is nearing completion, is the story of Newton Xavier.What about poetry, which you haven't done in sometime?I think I'm through with poetry . My last published book of poems was the best that could have come out of me. If poetry were to appear, it would be as a part of bigger stories.Newton Xavier uses very colourful language and in fact, many were surprised at the frequency with which cuss words appear in 'Narcopolis'.That is real India. I don't claim that 'Narcopolis' is the only true portrayal of India but what I mean is that in real life, we use a lot of those words and our fiction doesn't reflect that. Most of our authors are always trying to be politically correct and thinking of their reputations 20 years hence and awards-accolades . I wrote on this subject and it hurt quite a few authors. Tabish Khair got so upset that he wrote a long piece in response.Do you think that Indian literary space needs this sort of intellectual argument to enliven matters?I don't think authors should engage in intellectual arguments . They should engage in fist fights. That would be more satisfying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17631377", "title": "Rape 'victim' killed by accused", "text": "KANPUR: A minor girl, who had accused a local goon of raping her, was strangled to death by the hoodlum in full public view in a Fatehpur village after she refused to withdraw the complaint against him.The incident took place in Sidhaav village in bordering Fatehpur on Saturday morning when the accused, Narvada Nishad, barged into the house of the 16-year-old girl, Radha Sonker (name changed) and after beating her brutally, strangled the hapless girl to death even as the villagers looked on.The killer managed to escape unchallenged.The villagers later informed the Bahua outpost police about the incident who reached the village and sent the body for postmortem.The girl was allegedly raped by the accused in December last. Subsequently, the girl's father had lodged a case in this regard with the district's Lalauli police station alleging that Narvada Nishad had raped his daughter. The matter was sub-judice.Village sources said about a week ago, the accused had threatened the victim and her family members of dire consequences and pressurized them to withdraw the complaint, but they refused to do so. Moreover, the statement of the rape victim was recorded before a magistrate three days ago.Police claimed that angered over this, Narvada Nishad barged into the girl's house when her parents were away at work. Radha, who was sitting near the main entrance of her house, tried to run inside but the accused pounced upon her and dragged her outside the house.After brutally assaulting her, he strangled her to death in full public view and escaped.The rape victim's kin said they had informed the police about the regular \"threats\" from the accused but they failed to take any action.Police said a search has been launched for the absconding accused.Deputy superintendent of police Santosh Kumar Singh said: \"A case has been registered under relevant sections of the IPC. We are on the lookout for the accused and will nab him soon.\" However, he had no reply when asked why the police didn't take any action on the girl's complaint.Tension prevailed in Sidhaav village over the murder of rape victim. \"Additional police personnel have been deployed at the village as precautionary measure,\" informed another senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635935", "title": "Chiranjeevi, Nikesha liplock pics leaked", "text": "Actors locking lips for a film is not new for Kannada films anymore. But the latest onscreen liplock seems to be garnering a lot of attention. Stills from Vardhanayaka, which show actors Chiranjeevi Sarja and Nikesha Patel kissing onscreen have been leaked well ahead of the release of the film. Producer Shankar Gowda tells us, \"We did shoot these pictures for the film, but I can't imagine how they were leaked. It was meant to be one of the many highlights of the film. Now I am toying with the idea of not including the scene in the film at all.\" Sources, however, claim that the pictures were leaked by the production house after they found that their lead actors allegedly shared their onscreen chemistry off screen as well. Reacting to the development, Chiranjeevi Sarja says, \"I am not too comfortable about kissing onscreen, but the story required such a scene. The pictures you see have nothing to do with us as individuals.\"- Contributed by Mahesh H", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17633587", "title": "Two offered lift, robbed of 22 thousand", "text": "BANGALORE: Two persons waiting for a Mysore-bound bus were robbed of Rs 22,500 by a trio who came in a Toyota Qualis on Friday night. The three duped them after promising to drop them in Mysore.Naveen Kumar, 40, a resident of ITI Layout, Rajarajeshwarinagar , and Rajesh, 28, of RT Nagar, both businessmen , had planned to go to Mysore to attend a social function . They were waiting for a bus near Gopalan Arcade at the entrance of Rajarajeshwarinagar around 10pm, when a Toyota Qualis pulled up. One of the persons sitting in the car promised them a drop to Mysore and the duo agreed.No sooner the SUV reached Rajarajeshwarinagar Medical College, another person joined those already in the car. The vehicle headed towards Chennammanakere Achkattu and within minutes, the robbers threatened Naveen and Rajesh. The duo were ordered to enter a Canara Bank ATM and forced to withdraw Rs 22,500. The two were then dumped in Bidadi on Mysore Road.The victims called up police control room and Kengeri inspector Satyanarayana, who was on night rounds. Cops rushed to the spot and brought them to Byatarayanapura police station around 3am on Saturday. Naveen and Rajesh said occupants of the vehicle were around 25 years old. However , they said they had failed to notice the vehicle's registration number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17633258", "title": "A kitty that warms up their cold weekend", "text": "LUDHIANA: A perfect way to spend the cold winter Saturday was to call a monthly kitty at a city cafe along Malhar Road for a group of women residents.Sumptuous food, warm coffee and discussions on various issues kept the women busy. Harpreet Brar, a furniture store owner from Sarabha Nagar, said the members of their \"informal\" group include homemaker Rajita Budhiraja, hotelier Dolly Takkar, fashion stylist Rimpy Sodhi, homemaker Rosy Gill, fashion designer Jaswinder Virk and homemaker Mona Chhabra. Except Mona, who is from Gurdev Nagar, and Harpreet, all the members are from Raj Guru Nagar.\"We meet once in a month for this kitty and enjoy ourselves. We discuss current happenings of the city, apart from food, sports and politics during the kitty, while relishing snacks and coffee,\" said Harpreet.The snacks menu on Saturday included pasta, pizza and French fries along with refreshing coffee on a winter afternoon, said Mona. \"We have known each other for many years and this monthly meeting has been our practice as we get to spend some quality time with our friends,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17637349", "title": "Singur 'great disappointment', Tatas may still go to West Bengal: Ratan Tata", "text": "MUMBAI: Singur was a \"great disappointment\" but Tata group may still go to West Bengal, hints outgoing chairman of the group Ratan Tata .\"Need not be Tata Motors. We have until the court decides this, the plant is still there. Whether it is Tata Motors or something else,\" he said in an interview to PTI.He was asked about his recent statement that some day Tatas will go back to West Bengal considering the fact that Tata Motors had to shift to Gujarat after a bitter experience in Singur.Tata, who will step down as chairman of Tata group on December 28, said he had a great affinity with eastern Indian because it has not partaken in the growth and prosperity of the rest of the country.\"If there is something that I could do to be involved with in eastern India, I would welcome that. You see, I lived in Jamshedpur for six years, very close to Kolkata and I used to be in Kolkata of and on.\"Bengali people are very nice people. So I have an affinity, don't speak the language, that part of the country and to see something happen there would be quite a thrill for me,\" he said.Building the cancer hospital in Kolkata, in itself, Tata said has been a thrill for him because lives can be saved in that part of the country.\"It is something that I feel very proud that I have been able to do,\" he said.Speaking about Singur, where Tata Motors set up a factory to manufacture the world's cheapest car but had to quit in the wake of protests over land acquisition a few years ago, Tata said, \"it was a great disappointment, because we went to West Bengal, in a leap of faith thinking that that part of the country was being ignored industrially.\"I had a great regard for Buddhadeb Bhattacharya (the then chief minister). I thought he was really trying to industrialise West Bengal and I thought the plant we had could have created eventually 7000-8000 jobs.\"He said he was enamoured by what they would do. It was not just another factory, it was not not just another plant.\"It was a new product that had never been done in India and we are taking to a place that has been ignored industrially for a long period of time. So I felt very good.\"Tata said when the protests took place he was a little confused and confounded initially, whether it was a real problem or not. It just escalated and escalated and he figured this was not the place where they could be.\"So it was a great disappointment for me on all those grounds and I think Buddhadeb would have liked me to have stayed there and offered the plant protection.\"But you can't run a plant on police protection. There has to be a police protection. There has to be a removal of the hostilities one way or another. So it was a disappointment for me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "alwar (rajasthan)", "code": "17632050", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCash transfer rollout only if infrastructure in place\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "ALWAR (RAJASTHAN): If any of the 51 districts selected by the Union government for the rollout of the direct cash transfer programme from January 1 are not ready with their infrastructure by the end of this year, they will be taken up only later, finance minister P Chidambaram said on Saturday. The Union minister was addressing concerns that the government is pushing ahead with a scheme that local administrations are not ready for.Chidambaram's choice of Alwar to hold a meeting on cash transfers is significant: two weeks ago, TOI reported that a pilot project on cash transfers in place of the kerosene subsidy in the district's Kotkasim block was stuttering because of payment delays. The minister made a mention of \"initial hiccups\" in big government schemes and asked the media to give a scheme time to run on the ground before criticizing it. The Kotkasim pilot scheme has been running for one year.Chidambaram said that every government department in every district needed to first fully digitize its database of beneficiaries for each scheme, ensure Aadhaar enrollment and open bank accounts for beneficiaries before the scheme could be rolled out. The beneficiaries would not need to come to banks to withdraw their entitlement, and the banking correspondent model would be decentralised on the lines of the STD/ PCO model such that any anganwadi worker or panchayat or kirana shop-owner could become a BC, leading to competition that would benefit the consumer, the minister said.Chidambaram said that the decision on when to roll out cash transfers in a district would be taken only after reviewing its readiness. \"Only after I review the details will I take a decision on whether Alwar is ready for the rollout,\" Chidambaram said. District collector Ashutosh Pednekar, whom Chidambaram praised as a \"pioneer\" told TOI that Alwar would be ready. \"We have 70,000 beneficiaries in our district eligible for various schemes. All our departments are fully digitised. Over 80% have got Aadhar cards. Most of the district also has a bank account. Our job now is to cover all those scheme beneficiaries who have not been enrolled in Aaadhaar or don't have a bank account yet,\" Pednekar said.\"When the government says that it has credited Rs 1,000 in a person's account, no one believes them right now. Why I call this scheme magical is because the money will now be instantly credited in the person's account, so that when we say we have credited the money, they can actually believe us,\" Chidambaram said.Just metres away from the venue of the closed-door meeting, Ramvir Singh clutched a plastic folder with his precious bank passbook. The marginal farmer from Kotkasim had made the trip to the district headquarters hoping to show the minister that no money had been credited yet in his account in lieu of the kerosene he had been buying every month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17631832", "title": "Loss of heritage may push us into dark ages", "text": "The week gone by saw a frenzy of activity, especially on 12.12.12, the last sequential date of the century. Enthusiasts the world over rushed to mark the occasion with weddings, launches and other memorable events while doomsday prophets remained undecided on whether this really is the day or the next impending deadline on the 21st of December. At Hyderabad, the day began with news of two not so rare occurrences which had made the headlines-one was the thrilling recovery of antique jewelry and coins, reportedly valued at over Rs 7 crores, from persons who had stumbled upon a cache of hidden treasure while demolishing a dilapidated building in the Doodhbowli area of Old City and the other was a report relating to the theft of almost 20,000 rare artifacts from Shamsher Kotha, part of the Khazana Building Museum of the State Department of Archaeology and Museums. None were amused to note that after due process of law, the investigating agencies intend to hand over the recovered coins dating from different periods of history to the Department of Archaeology and Museums for safe custody.The State Museum, located within the Public Garden precinct, boasts a collection of over 100,000 coins in different metals and alloys apart from 14,000 gold pieces making it the second largest horde of antique coinage in the world, next only to that in possession of the British Museum. Apart from this renowned collection, the state museum also houses other priceless objects from antiquity and along with numerous other major and minor museums all over the state, forms a chain of repositories for cultural assets which are the most tangible record of our past. Any addition to the unique collection of coins at the State Museum will certainly further enhance its value, however the move will also amount to putting all our eggs in one basket. An alarming prospect to say the least, if one takes into account the past record of treasures lost from this storehouse of antiquities which is yet to recover some of the artifacts that went missing in December 2008.Losses from museums are not unique to the city. While certain bizarre burglaries like the theft of Charlie Chaplin's coffin or Rabindranath Tagore's Nobel Prize medal have evoked universal condemnation, quite a few of the world's renowned heists have resulted in widespread admiration for the perpetrator. The basis for this approbation obviously lies in a crooks ability to beat the odds by circumventing meticulous security arrangements and beating the system. Alas, no such effort was necessary to pilfer cultural assets from the Shamsher Kotha where the artifacts seem to have been considered unworthy of any security with even the solitary guard posted there being reassigned more than five years back. While there can be no possibility of a heroic sublimation of the crook in this case, there are ample grounds for an unequivocal condemnation of the custodians of our heritage who have time and again failed in their designated duties. As has been aptly stated by the renowned French anthropologist Claude Levi-Strauss, \"Objects are what matter. Only they carry the evidence that throughout the centuries something really happened among human beings.\" For some inexplicable reason, the magnitude of the tragedy in losing almost 20,000 such 'objects which matter' seems to have left the custodians of our heritage unfazed. It is said that the missing artifacts have been declared unimportant; being merely cannon balls and breast-plates. Interestingly, while the recovery of the Doodhbowli treasure trove was prominently displayed to the media as a great triumph of policing by no less a personage than the city Kotwal, the Shamsher Kotha incident failed to elicit a response even from the Thanedar of Golconda Police Station. Little wonder, as the Golconda sleuths have been extremely busy for the past few years; their energies expended largely on safeguarding the Golf Course within the Naya Qila from 'notorious heritage activists'. After all, isn't this dedicated group of 'nefarious brigands' which has been tenaciously resisting attempts of some enterprising gentlemen peacefully engaged in a pursuit of happiness? Surely, this troublesome lot is a graver threat to society than some petty thieves who makes off with 'worthless' old artifacts!An old lament you may say my friend, but beware that if we do not find a remedy for this wanton destruction of our heritage assets there will soon be nothing to even cry over. For as the bard of Delhi warns us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17631895", "title": "PM adds 26/11 rider to Pakistan visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has made it plain that his visit to Pakistan would materialize only if there is substantive action against the 26/11 masterminds who planned and executed the terror strikes on Mumbai.Singh put across his views when responding to Pakistan interior minister Rehman Malik's reiteration of a pending invitation, saying that he is answerable to the Indian public on the delay in bringing the 26/11 guilty to justice.Malik called on Singh on Saturday morning and brought up Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari's earlier invitation to Singh to visit Pakistan, particularly his native Gah village in Chakwal.Malik quoted the PM as having told him, \"My people here ask what you have done for the people who suffered during 26/11 attacks.\"The Pakistani minister said that he sought to assure Singh that the 26/11 trial would be put on fast track once the second Pakistan judicial commission completes its proposed visit to India to cross-examine 26/11 witnesses here.In fact, he later told news agency ANI in an interview that the 26/11 proceddings could conclude within two to three months of the judicial commission completing its investigation.The Pakistani minister's controversy-hit visit to India saw Singh meeting him for a brief 15 minutes, sufficient to complete courtesies and have tea.The substantial part of Malik's visit was limited to operationalizing the visa agreement with home minister Sushilkumar Shinde.Malik's reputation has preceded him as he is seen to be an inveterate publicity speaker although his outspokenness \u00e2\u20ac\u201d like over 26/11, Babri Masjid and Kargil \u00e2\u20ac\u201d might unwittingly reveal that the current pro-detente stance of the political and military establishment could in part be driven by Pakistan's unsettled western borders.Pakistan's preoccupations in the West may see it wanting to keep the other \"front\" with India relativ-ely quiet, although its pr-oxies, like the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), have chaffed at having to keep a relativ-ely low profile.Malik said he told the Prime Minister that the \"people of Pakistan, especially of Chakwal where he was born, want to see him...They want to see this boy who has grown to become the Prime Minister of India and also a world leader. I said that if you don't visit, the people of Pakistan will be disappointed.\"The point was also put across quite unequivocally when former external affairs minister S M Krishna went to Pakistan in September and met his counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar.Zardari had earlier invited Singh to visit Pakistan, including a visit to Chakwal, on the occasion of Guru Nanak Jayanti on November 28. The Prime Minister, however, declined the invitation, saying that \"the time is not yet right\". According to sources, Singh decided against the visit due to the slow pace of the 26/11 probe and trial in Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17631225", "title": "BJP ready for fresh polls in Jharkhand", "text": "RAMGARH: Ahead of the Hunkaar Rally, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) threw down the gauntlet to its allies in Jharkhand saying it was ready for fresh elections in the state.BJP MP and former Union minister Yashwant Sinha on Friday evening said allies trying to use pressure tactics by threatening to withdraw support to the government are creating political instability in the state. Sinha, along with Dineshanand Goswami, was in Ramgarh to review preparation for the rally. \"BJP wants to make it clear that if ally partners of the Arjun Munda-led goverment are disappointed with the party, they are free to withdraw support as BJP is fully prepared for fresh elections in the state,\" Sinha said.He further said the December 21 rally would focus on failure of the Manmohan Singh-led UPA government at the Centre. and issues like foreign direct investment ( FDI ) in multi-retail and a chain of scams.Meanwhile preparation for the Hunkaar rally is on with hundreds of party leaders and workers holding meetings in blocks, panchayats and villages of the entire district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17631230", "title": "Scientists develop new coating to increase shelf life of fruits", "text": "RANCHI: Indian Institute of Natural Resins and Gums (IINRG) in Namkum has developed a specialized fruit coating formulation that increases shelf life by two weeks, preserves moisture and protects fruits from germs.Scientists have successfully tested it on tangerine (kinnow), a hybrid fruit that resembles orange and is mainly grown in northern India. Tests are being conducted on other fruits, including orange and apple, and vegetables like pointed gourd and brinjal.S K Pandey, a scientist at IINRG, said after successfully testing the formulation, which is made from lac, on kinnow last year, experts are now working to develop a similar formulae for other fruits and some vegetables.Scientists, when asked why separate preparation is needed for different fruits and vegetables, said it depended on the organic constitution of the substance and its physiology.\"There has to be a different formulation for every fruit. For example, kinnow and orange look almost the same and a common man may not differentiate between the two. But if we use the same formulation for orange as for kinnow, then it will not work. Similarly, we need to have different formulation for fruits like apple, which is consumed without removing the skin. In this case, we also need to get certificate from the food department to ensure that it is not harmful to the digestive system,\" said one of the scientists.The formulation for tangerine is now available for commercial use and any company or individual willing to make use of it can approach IINRG.\"The coating, which is water soluble and (has been) tested for food quality, increases shelf life of fruits and also preserves moisture. This helps in long-distance transportation of fruits and helps in getting a wider market. Farmers can wait for a longer period and sell only when they get good profit,\" said Pandey, adding that the coating, which acts as shield against germs, can revolutionize fruits and vegetables preservation process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "sulthan bathery", "code": "17630974", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram to face Kozhikode in final", "text": "SULTHAN BATHERY: Thiruvananthapuram women have their eyes set on another title as they overcame Kannur in a one-sided semifinal 25-18, 26-24, 25-18 to set up a summit clash with Kozhikode in the 42nd Kerala State Senior Volleyball Championship at Sulthan Bathery floodlit stadium on Saturday.In the second semifinal match in the women's category, last year's runners up Kozhikode overcame Kollam's stiff challenge in a five-set thriller to advance into the final 25-19, 16-25, 23-25, 25-22, 19-17.Thiruvananthapuram, with two internationals in PJ Jomol and Tiji Raju, depended mainly on their KSEB stars to fire against Kannur and Sheeba PV, captain Alphonsa MJ, setter Sruthimol N executed their plans well.In the first set, which saw Thiruvanathapuram maintaining a slim lead till 14-12, Kannur fought hard to take advantage over the defending champions but went down against the experience of KSEB players.Kannur looked pretty determined in the second set and they were in the driver's seat at 19-11. Former Indian captain Tiji came into the rescue for Thiruvananthapuram and she held her serve to reduce the lead to just two points. They went on to level the score at 22-22 and dashed Kannur's hopes finishing the set in just 22 minutes.Jomol-Alphonsa duo were in excellent form in the third set and Thiruvananthapuram never looked back after clinching an early lead at 10-5. Kannur captain Reshma PP and setter Bhagyalakshmi PC earned some points through wily drop shots but they could not prevent Thiruvananthapuram bagging the set and match.In Friday's late quarterfinal matches in the men's division, Ernakulam thrashed Kozhikode in straight sets 25-19, 25-19, 25-17 to set up a semifinal clash with Thiruvananthapuram. In the other match, Thiruvananthapuram overcame Kollam in a five-set affair 21-25, 25-18, 25-19, 18-25, 15-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17630878", "title": "Archbishop Ambrose Madtha laid to rest", "text": "MANGALORE: Archbishop Ambrose Madtha, the Papal Nuncio to Ivory Coast, was laid to rest at the Holy Redeemer Church, Belthangady, about 70 km from Mangalore, on Saturday.Archbishop Madtha died in a road accident in Ivory Coast on December 8 while travelling from d'Odienne Diocese after a priestly ordination.Nuncio of India Most Rev Archbishop Salvatore Pennacchio was the male celebrant at the funeral while Bishop of Mangalore Diocese Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza offered tributes to the departed soul.Charles Koffi Diby, the minister of foreign affairs of Ivory Coast, Archbishop Most Rev Bernard Moras of Bangalore, Most Rev Oswald Lewis the Bishop of Jaipur, Most Rev Gerald Lobo, Bishop of Udupi, Monsignor Denis Moras Prabhu, Vicar General of the Diocese of Mangalore and 11 delegates from Ivory Coast attended the funeral.The mortal remains of Madtha arrived in a special flight at the Mangalore International Airport and were later taken to Belthangady. The flight was delayed for nearly 24 hours due to technical snag.The Pope and the secretary of state of Vatican Cardinal Tarcisio Bartone had sent condolence messages to the family members of Madtha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17632306", "title": "Monthly job fairs benefit scores of unemployed youth", "text": "HUBLI: The Dharwad district employment centre, now known as the HRD centre, is turning out to be a much sought-after place for job hunters.With job fairs every month, the centre is helping unemployed degree holders secure jobs in government and private sector. The centre conducted about 20 job fairs this year and helped nearly 1,500 unemployed youth to secure jobs. The HRD centre was started by the department of employment &amp; training under public-private participation model in October 2011 at Navanagar near Hubli.The centre provides value added services to job seekers and job providers by conducting various skill developmental training programmes.According to Shreekant Malagatti, assistant director of Dharwad district employment exchange centre, around 9 job fairs were conducted in 2011-12 and in which around 84 companies participated and over 3,130 candidates took part.About 649 unemployed youth secured jobs through the fair. In 2012-13 about 21 job fairs were conducted, benefitting 1,414 candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17632032", "title": "Man drowns near Khandola bridge", "text": "PONDA: A man who had gone to catch crabs near the Khandola-Amona bridge drowned in river Mandovi on Saturday morning. Police said locals fished out the body and informed them about the incident. Ponda police said that some locals informed them on Saturday afternoon that they had found the body of the youth Jitendra Shankar Gaude, 31, a resident of Khandola-Marcel in Ponda taluka near the Khandola-Amona bridge.The youth was working for a factory at Kundaim and on Saturday he was off duty, sources said.The police have retrieved the body and preserved it in the morgue of the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim for an autopsy to be conducted on Sunday.A case of an \"unnatural death\" has been registered at the Ponda police station under Section 174 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). Ponda police sub-inspector (PSI) Sadashiv Hunashikutti is conducting investigations into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17636409", "title": "Three militants, one policeman killed in gun battle near Peshawar airport: Reports", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Three Taliban militants and a policeman were killed on Sunday in a firefight near the Peshawar airport in northwest Pakistan, during a search operation launched after the airport attack on Saturday night, media reports said.At least 10 people \u00e2\u20ac\u201d five civilians and five militants \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were killed and over 40 others injured in the rocket attack at the Bacha Khan Airport, for which the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan claimed responsibility.\"We carried out this attack. Our 10 associates took part in this and target was the air force base in the Peshawar airport,\" Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan told Geo News by telephone from an undisclosed location.He said two explosives-laden vehicles were used in the attack.The militants in Sunday's incident were holed up in an under-construction house in Pawakai area of the city.Police said the militants opened fire at them as they came out of their hideout, and were killed in retaliatory fire.The under-construction house is located near the home of former provincial minister Kashif Khan.A source told Geo News that at least five militants took shelter at the house around 7am.On Saturday night, Taliban militants stormed the airport after ramming their explosives-laden vehicle into its outer wall.They fired five rockets at the airport and two of them hit the runway.All international and domestic flights were cancelled following the attack. Airport authorities, however, said all of their assets were safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17632586", "title": "Family robbed of Rs 8L at gunpoint", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A businessman's family returning from a wedding was robbed of jewellery worth Rs 8 lakh from outside their house. Police said the victim, Ram Avatar Goyal, had parked the car outside their house when they were held at gunpoint.Goyal, who was with his wife (55), two sons and a daughter in their Santro found another car following them as they neared their residence. Police said the second car, a Swift, suddenly overtook the Goyal family and stopped in front of them when they were about to get down.\"Ram Avatar Goyal's wife had alighted when the Swift cornered them. The armed assailants stepped out of the car, after which the two sons tried to drive away but left their mother behind,\" said a senior police officer.The sons managed to get about 20-foot away from their house. The assailants, however, seized their mother, Sheila, and tried to snatch her jewellery. \"They thrashed her with the butt of their gun when she put up a resistance and made off with the jewellery,\" said the officer. Police said the loot amounted to about Rs 8 lakh. They are on the lookout for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633151", "title": "Mandal's country canvas in town for art lovers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A painting is a window to the world of particular artist, an imagination that would seem incomplete if articulated in words. Ananta Mandal, an ex-alumnus of Government College of Art and Craft, Kolkata University, brought his youthful exuberance and wide-eyed optimism to the city, reflecting in his paintings.Mandal's many awards received across the world for his art work include Best of Show award by Western Federation of Watercolor Society, Utah, USA and Merit Award at the 32nd International Exhibition at Watercolor Art Society, Houston, USA. This is the first time his work, focused on Mandal's journey throughout India, will be exhibited at Sector 9 in the city.Titled \"The Journey\", the exhibition includes paintings that focus on Indian folk. Mandal's paintbrush has captured city roads, countryside and blue skies merging with the horizon, which seem to create a subtle poetic image.Mandal, who is proficient in painting with various mediums, is passionate particularly about his work in water colour. \"I feel proud when people call me a water colourist specifically,\" he adds.Cityscapes and country side of various states like Rajasthan, West Bengal and Jammu &amp; Kashmir came alive in Mandal's paintings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17630997", "title": "India Meteorological Department attributes warmer nights to lack of northerly winds", "text": "PUNE: A fortnight into December, the northerly winds, associated with cold conditions, are yet to properly establish themselves in parts of Maharashtra. This has reflected in warmer nights that have prevailed in the city for the better part of the ongoing winter season.\"A combination of factors including the presence of the western disturbance over Jammu and Kashmir and adjoining parts of northern India and prolonged duration of warm spells caused by the enhanced amplitude of the easterly waves have contributed to this situation,\" said Medha Khole, deputy director general for weather forecasting at the India Meteorological Department (IMD).\"Usually, when the northerly winds are established, they cause considerable cold air advection for two to three days and this results in the setting in of a cold spell. This has not happened during the season so far,\" Khole said.The minimum temperature in the city has continued to show a rise and fall pattern in the last few days. On Saturday, the temperature was recorded at 11.5 degrees Celsius, which was 1.3 degrees Celsius above normal. The temperature had dropped to 10.5, which is 0.7 degrees Celsius below normal, on Thursday before rising to 12.9 degrees Celsius on Friday.\"These fluctuations are mainly on account of local weather conditions and are associated with the rise and fall of humidity. Temperature goes up with an increased humidity and comes down when there are clear sky conditions,\" said Khole. \"Again, humidity is influenced by the flow of winds and moisture incursion from the Bay of Bengal,\" she added.Khole said, \"Till yesterday, an active western disturbance prevailed over J&K; and adjoining parts of northern India which resulted in the northerly winds not reaching the central and peninsular India that includes Maharashtra. There was moisture incursion from the Bay of Bengal too.\"\"Our analysis today shows that there is no possibility of enhanced easterly amplitudes but there can be moisture incursion from the Bay of Bengal, which will lead to a slight increase in the minimum temperature in the city,\" Khole added.The night temperature in Pune had touched 17.6 degrees Celsius i.e. 6.2 degrees Celsius above normal, on December 9. The same dropped to 10.5 degrees Celsius on December 13 before going up to 12.9 degrees Celsius on Friday and once again coming down to 11.5 degrees Celsius on Saturday.Malegaon recorded the state's lowest temperature at 9.5, which was barely 0.5 degrees Celsius less than the country's lowest temperature recorded by Ludhiana in Punjab. Ahmednagar recorded 10.3 degrees Celsius while Jalgaon and Nashik recorded 11.8 and 10.2 degrees Celsius, respectively.Unlike the minimum temperature, the maximum temperature has gone down gradually from 32.9 degrees Celsius on December 8 to 30.4 degrees Celsius, as was recorded on December 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17633641", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcUddhav Thackeray felt time not right for memorial demand\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: After the crucial talks between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Shiv Sena leaders Subhash Desai and Sunil Prabhu failed, Sena president Uddhav Thackeray stepped in on Friday and asked his senior colleagues to abandon the controversial plan to have a memorial to party chief Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park. He asked them to communicate the same to Chavan and BMC commissioner Sitaram Kunte.If a senior Sena leader is to be believed, ever since the row began over having a memorial to the senior Thackeray at Shivaji Park, Uddhav has expressed a strong displeasure, saying the entire debate was uncalled for and it was not appropriate to raise such a demand at this time. \"After the death of the senior Thackeray, the family is in mourning. In such circumstances, it would be appropriate for Sena activists to keep themselves away from such a proposal ,\" Uddhav had reportedly observed a week after his father's death.Former Lok Sabha speaker Manohar Joshi was among the first senior Shiv Sena leaders to raise the demand for a Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park . Joshi was followed by Sena Rajya Sabha MP Sanjay Raut, who was more vocal about the demand. Raut had made it clear that his party would not make any compromise andthe memorial would be constructed at Shivaji Park itself.While Sena leaders made it a prestige issue, both Chavan and Kunte submitted that under no circumstances would the state or the BMC allow construction of the memorial at Shivaji Park. However, when the Sena leaders failed to remove the temporary structure, Kunte served an ultimatum on mayor Prabhu and Raut.Meanwhile, Desai, Prabhu and Uddhav's emissary Milind Narvekar called on the CM in Nagpur on December 11.\"When Chavan explained the legal position and his commitment , it was clear to the Sena leaders that either they would have to remove the structure or take on the CM,\" a senior bureaucrat said. They then knocked on the doors of home minister R R Patil, but to no avail. The trio returned to Mumbai and met Uddhav. \"The Sena president decided that the party would not press for a memorial at Shivaji Park . It was also decided that a communication would be sent to the CM and Kunte,\" a Sena leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17632870", "title": "Will review UPA support if ignored on quota: Mulayam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party (SP) chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Saturday warned the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government not to take him for granted. He said this when asked about possibilities of reviewing 'outside' support to the UPA-II if it overlooks his opposition to the proposed constitutional amendment bill providing quota to scheduled castes and scheduled tribes in promotions in government services.The Yadav satrap was not categorical about withdrawing support but described the bill as \"anti-social\" which would divide the country and said that his party will do everything possible to stop its enactment and implemenation. During the visit to his Lok Sabha constituency, talking to supporters and media-persons , Mulayam said the SP will continue to oppose the quota bill inside and outside Parliament. He also said it was unfortunate that the SP members opposing the bill in the Rajya Sabha were asked to leave the House.The UPA is left with around 250 MPs in the Lok Sabha after the Trinamool Congress withdrew its support.Bill may sail easily with BJP's supportIt is surviving on support of 22 SP MPs and 21 Bahujan Samaj Party MPs. BSP chief Mayawati had threatened to withdraw support if Congress failed to table the bill and put it for voting in parliament . Voting on the bill in the Rajya Sabha is expected on Monday and later in Lok Sabha . The bill may sail through easily as Bharatiya Janata Party and other parties are supporting it.Mulayam, however,did not disclose his party's strategy when the bill comes up for voting in Rajya Sabha. When asked repeatedly whether he will follow Mayawati's tactics to stall the bill, he said, even if the bill was passed, final verdict on the issue would be by the public in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, which can be held earlier.Yadav also demanded that the Central government should first place facts before the people and parliament on how reservation in promotion will change the situation in government offices. He said the impact of such a drastic move should first be studied.Mulayam said the bill would benefit just 22% of the population, while rest including upper castes, backwards and minorities will suffer immensely . He also said he was not against reservation but it should be done while keeping abalance in the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17632351", "title": "2 Metro trains on their way to Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: With hardly three months left before the network opens for commercial operations, the Rapid Metro authorities claim that things are moving as per schedule and the deadline would be met.\"Things are moving as per plan and almost all the infrastructure is in place. Already two trains have arrived and two other trains are on their way and will reach Gurgaon by the end of this month. In all five trains will be on the network but since one train will always be on standby, we can say that we will have all the operational trains in couple of weeks,\" said a Rapid Metro Rail spokesperson.\"In the meanwhile, the electrification work and lying of tracks is going on as per schedule and as soon as it is complete we are likely to ask the commissioner of rail safety to come and inspect the line. Once we get this clearance we will start the commercial operations. Once these two trains arrive by the month end, we will integrate them with the network and the trial runs will begin. The trial run for the two trains that are already here are going on every day,\" he said.There are a total of six stations on this metro network that connects the existing Delhi Metro rail network at Sikanderpur. However, initially only five stations will be operational as the work at the Shankar Chowk metro station is still going on. The deadline for the project is March 2013 and the commercial operations are likely to start April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17633597", "title": "Maharashtra could have avoided memorial controversy with Centre-like policy", "text": "MUMBAI: If Maharashtra had come up with a clear policy on memorials, just like the Centre did 12 years ago, the city could have been spared the political drama ithasbeen enduring for the past three weeks.The Sena has been asking the state for land to build a memorial to deceased party chief Bal Thackeray , with the mayor's bungalow or Shivaji Park being suggested as possible sites. But the state could have by now come up with a policy that disallows it from giving away funds or highpriced public lands for memorials, said RTI activist Subhash Agrawal.In August 2000, the Centre took a tough stand on not parting with public funds for memorials. A response to an RTI application from Agrawal reveals that a 2000 cabinet note of the Union government states it will not develop any more samadhis for departed leaders . The birth and death anniversary functions of Mahatma Gandhi would be the only exception , with the Rajghat Samadhi committee responsible for the functions and the Union government granting funds . \"However , the birth and death anniversary of all other leaders shall be organized by their families and no financia grant will be sanctioned,\" the cabinet had ruled.In fact , bungalow 12 at Willingdon Cresent , Delhi has been occupied by the Sanjay Gandhi Memorial trust since 1987. The trust applied to the government for converting the bungalow into a memorial , but the same was turned down. The central urban development ministry asked the trust to vacate the bungalow and the trust in turn moved court. \"There is a likelihood that similar demands may come up. It is therefore felt, as never before, that instead of considering such requests on a caseto-case basis in an ad hoc manner ,the governmentshouldlay down policy guidelines ,\" the Union government had ruled.Agrawal said , \"Authorities are overlooking the 2000 cabinet note . It is highly improper that samadhis on high-priced public land have been later developed , like the most recent one for the fomer PM prime minister Inder Kumar Gujral.\"\"Raising samadhis not only involves allocation of large chunks of valuable land , but also needs large amounts of funds for the development and maintenance of these memorials,\" the cabinet said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635272", "title": "Megan Fox reveals diet secrets", "text": "Megan Fox has revealed the secret to her curvaceous figure - staying off dairy products.The former 'Transformers' star explained how she managed to get back into shape after giving birth to son Noah in September.\"I'm not eating dairy, that's my biggest secret,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.\"It's really hard on your hormones and it's not good.\"If you want to gain weight, eat dairy. If you don't, don't eat it,\" she said.Fox, who gained 23lbs when she was pregnant, said that she doesn't support post-natal exercise.\"I didn't do that much [working out] because after you have a baby, it's very difficult to work out and I wouldn't recommend it,\" she said.\"I should have pre-endorsed some sort of workout something, so that I could be selling it now!\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17632640", "title": "Bar assn skips court in protest against judge", "text": "JAISALMER: Jaisalmer Bar Association, annoyed with the working style and behaviour of Jaisalmer district session judge, is now boycotting all judicial and revenue courts.Passing a proposal, the association has decided that till the session judge is not transferred the association will \"boycott\" the courts indefinitely.An emergency meeting of the association was called under the chairmanship of Multanaram Barupal, in which all the members of the bar association were present. In the meeting senior advocate LN Mehta, Govind Lal Bissa, Kishan Singh Bhati, Abdul Rehman Mehar, Ranidan Sevan, Vimlesh Purohit and others addressed.After the discussion in the meeting of bar association, a proposal was unanimously passed that annoyed with the behavior and working style of session judge Chagan Lal Gupta, all revenue and judicial courts will be boycotted for indefinite time, till Gupta is not transferred from Jaisalmer.He said that after the decision of advocates to boycott courts, in support of advocates, notary public along with stamp vendors, deed writers too have joined the boycott.The advocates allege that judge Gupta misbehaves with advocates. ``For the last three months, he has been humiliating advocates and by creating obstacles in judicial work. The session judge has further increased the problems of the family members of the deceased by making them come to the court for three-four times for compensation amount given to the family members under motor claim accident act,'' %said Gagan Khan Mehar, Secretary of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17632560", "title": "Former youth Congress president stabbed to death", "text": "UJJAIN: Former Mahidpur block youth Congress president Vishal Chorasia was stabbed to death by four assailants on late Friday night. The attackers were running a satta den and the deceased had reportedly complained against it. According to police sources, Chorasia was sitting at his shop when one Shiv Upadhyay along with three accomplices allegedly attacked with swords. He was being brought to Ujjain, but died on the way.Local Congress workers gheroed Mahidpur police station on Saturday and forced closure of shops. They were demanding suspension of cops for not acting against the culprits, despite complaints by Chorasia. The accused were running satta operation from a shop behind the shop of Chorasia on MG Road. Chorasia had been receiving threats from the accused for the last 2-3 days and on the fateful day, he had tried to meet ASP, Pankaj Shrivastava, during latter's visit there, but could not do so.Superintendent of police, Rakesh Gupta, told TOI that Upadhyay and Chorasia had an animosity and a similar attack was made by Upadhyay a year ago. Upadhyay had been indulged in satta operation and was externed from the district earlier. The SP said one accused Vinayak Chouhan has been arrested and efforts are on to nab others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632349", "title": "Sonia launches cash-for-food in capital, lauds CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: With less than a year left for the Delhi assembly elections - and 2014 being the year of the general elections - the capital saw UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi make a pitch for the central government's \"direct cash transfer programme\" to reach out to the \"aam admi\" at a packed Thyagaraja Stadium on Saturday morning.The Congress president conjured up a colourful dream of \"Cash For Food\" for thousands of beneficiaries of Delhi government's flagship programme, Annshree Yojana, wherein a cash subsidy of Rs 600 will be provided to the city's \"most vulnerable\".Describing the scheme as the country's first totally Aadhar-UID based cash transfer programme, Sonia highlighted the central government's direct benefit transfer system that will be implemented in 51 districts from January 1, facilitating cash entitlement in 34 schemes. But she was quick to clarify that this scheme was not a substitute for rations under the public distribution system but an extension of the food security programme to reach out to those who were not under the purview of the subsidized ration system. AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi too has been aggressively promoting the scheme which is being seen by the Congress as a route to the hearts of the poor.On the Annshree Yojana, the UPA chairperson said it was symbolic of the pro-poor policies of the Congress party, central government and chief minister Sheila Dikshit-led Delhi government. At the Nov 4 maha rally, Rahul Gandhi had lauded Dikshit's governance and on Saturday Sonia reaffirmed her faith in the state leadership.\"This (Annshree Yojana) symbolizes the sympathy of the Delhi government, UPA government and Congress for weaker sections,\" asserted Sonia. She also gave away Annshree enrollment certificates and watched 12 beneficiaries receive the subsidy using their Aadhar-UID number from the banking correspondents stationed at micro ATMs placed on the podium. The stadium reverberated with applause from a crowd of a few thousand beneficiaries who were brought in from slums, resettlement colonies and elsewhere.If the state government was making a bid to sell its controversial \"cash for food\" programme to the audience, the outcome was mixed. Most of them appeared to be unsure whether the money would actually reach them. The stadium complex had several hoardings giving details of the many schemes announced by the state government.As big TV screens positioned around the stadium played out the cash transfer process and showed images of vulnerable beneficiares telling their stories, Sonia lauded Dikshit for implementing what she called a \"foolproof food security\" scheme. \"The scheme would provide an option to the beneficiaries to purchase food items and other essential items required from time to time,\" she said. There is an ongoing debate over whether cash can ever be a substitute for subsidized ration supplies in the time of rising inflation. Also there are fears that the \"cash for food\" scheme may eventually substitute the PDS system.Sonia chose the platform to reiterate that a comprehensive scheme to implement a number of plans, such as scholarships, pensions and MNREGA, in the direct-cash-transfer mode integrated with UID-Aadhar would be implemented from January 1 next year. This would ensure release of assistance to real beneficiaries instantly without any hassle. The benefit will reach the beneficiaries directly. The union government is implementing 32 schemes in 51 districts of the country through direct-cash-transfer mode.Bonanza: Recipients eye 8 months' subsidy payoutHemlata walked up to the stage at Thyagaraja stadium to receive her enrollment certificate from UPA president Sonia Gandhi. The declaration entitled Hemlata to a monthly cash subsidy of Rs 600. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit led state government showcased her profile to highlight the vulnerability of Hemlata as her education ended after Class 10 and she became a breadwinner early in life.Like her, many old and young women turned up to receive their certificates. With needs varying from medicines for an ailing family member, saving for daughter's marriage, to paying for a child's school fee, the certificate is believed to bring relief to many such families. Food was just one of the many requirements and figured low in the priority list. Since the subsidy takes into account the time period from April 1 till now, the beneficiaries admitted that they were keen to withdraw Rs 4,800 that the government has assured to transfer to their accounts from Saturday.Once the colourful function came to an end, Hemlata was spotted on the pavements, along with thousand others, waiting to return to their slum, resettlement colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17632942", "title": "NCP, Sena call for bandh to protest against Latur civic chief's transfer to Gadchiroli", "text": "AURANGABAD: Both Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Saturday crossed swords in Latur over the transfer of municipal commissioner Ruchesh Jaivanshi to Gadchiroli.The NCP and other political parties including the Shiv Sena called for a Latur bandh on Saturday while the Congressmen took to the streets asking people not to heed the bandh call.The bandh was peaceful and no untoward incident was reported, though the police had tightened bandobast to ensure peace, law and order during the day, said deputy superintendent of police (Latur) Tirupati Kakade. Kakade told TOI that the oppositions parties had given a Latur bandh call to protest against the transfer civic body chief Jaivanshi recently.He was posted to Gadchiroli a few days ago for crossing swords with local Congress leadership over a variety of issues from the approval of garbage lifting tender, regularization of illegal constructions and anti-encroachment drive, said NCP's Makrant Save, opposition leader in the civic body.He said that the government should have given reason before transferring an upright officer. He claimed that that the whole episode began when the standing committee, dominated by the Congress members, cancelled the tender process for garbage lifting.They wanted to approve a tender for garbage lifting with higher rates than what were quoted by a local bidder. The agency from Pune had put Rs 94 per house price for garbage collection while the Latur based agency quoted Rs 45 per house. Still, the standing committee cancelled the tender process, as it could not approve the tender with high rates,'' Save alleged.\"Jaivanshi too didn't approve the standing committee move and reported the matter to the government. This move as well as his other actions against illegal constructions didn't go down well with the local Congress leadership. They ensured that he is transferred immediately, that too to Gadchiroli two days ago,'' said Pappu Kulkarni of Shiv Sena.He said the government should not have acted against a civic chief who was working sincerely to upgrade the system as well as was avoiding reckless spending.\"It was an administrative decision of the government and it was up to the government to make transfers according to requirement, so Jaivanshi was transferred,'' said P S Zavar, senior Congress leader. He denied that the transfer was politically motivated or party has ever pressurized the civic body chief to do anything wrong. The opposition was looking for an opportunity to settle scores with the Congress, that had won civic body elections six months ago in an over whelming way. Due to which, Congressmen too took to street requesting the people not to support the bandh,'' Zavar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636906", "title": "Schizophrenia associated with social inequality", "text": "Schizophrenia is more common in urban neighbourhoods with increased deprivation, population density and inequality, according to a new study.Dr James Kirkbride, lead author of the study from the University of Cambridge , said: \"Although we already know that schizophrenia tends to be elevated in more urban communities, it was unclear why. Our research suggests that more densely populated, more deprived and less equal communities experience higher rates of schizophrenia and other similar disorders. This is important because other research has shown that many health and social outcomes also tend to be optimal when societies are more equal.\"The scientists used data from a large population-based incidence study (the East London first-episode psychosis study directed by Professor Jeremy Coid at the East London NHS Foundation Trust and Queen Mary, University of London) conducted in three neighbouring inner city, ethnically diverse boroughs in East London: City &amp; Hackney, Newham, and Tower Hamlets.427 people aged 18-64 years old were included in the study, all of whom experienced a first episode of psychotic disorder in East London between 1996 and 2000.The researchers assessed their social environment through measures of the neighbourhood in which they lived at the time they first presented to mental health services because of a psychotic disorder. Using the 2001 census, they estimated the population aged 18-64 years old in each neighbourhood, and then compared the incidence rate between neighbourhoods.The incidence of schizophrenia (and other similar disorders where hallucinations and delusions are the dominant feature) still showed variation between neighbourhoods after taking into account age, sex, ethnicity and social class. Three environmental factors predicted risk of schizophrenia - increased deprivation (which includes employment, income, education and crime) increased population density, and an increase in inequality (the gap between the rich and poor).Results from the study suggested that a percentage point increase in either neighbourhood inequality or deprivation was associated with an increase in the incidence of schizophrenia and other similar disorders of around 4 per cent.Dr Kirkbride added: \"Our research adds to a wider and growing body of evidence that inequality seems to be important in affecting many health outcomes, now possibly including serious mental illness. Our data seems to suggest that both absolute and relative levels of deprivation predict the incidence of schizophrenia.The study was recently published in the journal Schizophrenia Bulletin .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632243", "title": "Insurance firm told to pay Rs 6.5L damages", "text": "NEW DELHI: After losing his 21-year-old son to a heart disorder in 2007, Prakash Sadhwani will finally get insurance after a district consumer forum ruled in his favour. The forum has asked LIC to pay Sadhwani Rs 6.5 lakh for repudiating his claim in a way that \"is purely arbitrary with no application of mind\".\"Holding the opposite party (LIC) guilty of deficiency in service, we direct them to pay Rs 5 lakh,\" said the order passed by forum president C K Chaturvedi and member S R Chaudhary. \"We also award Rs 1 lakh for deficiency and harassment, and Rs 50,000 as litigation expenses,\" it added.The bench noted that the evidence given by Sadhwani showed that it was on February 2, 2007, that his son was detected with a cardiomyopathy \"and there was no history of any disease prior to 2D echo cardiography\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17632271", "title": "'Rules changed for builders'", "text": "PANAJI: Building laws, regulations and definitions are being deviously changed by the government to favour builders. This was stated by architect Hyacinth Pinto, citing examples of how balconies are increasingly enclosed to increase FAR and setbacks reduced to 1 mt.She was speaking at the symposium on 'Impact of land development and building construction regulations on village self-governance in Goa' organised by the council for social justice and peace (CSJP) at Caritas, Panaji on Saturday.Pinto said the regional plan had grouped commercial, residential and industrial into 'settlement zones'. She said redefinitions had restricted open spaces such as \"verandas to 1.5 mts,\" while 'stilt' could now be portions of building with two open sides.'Covered area' does not include basements beyond the building line of the building, while higher stilts were free from FAR. These can later be converted into multi-floor shops, she added. Pinto said \"unfortunately, many of these changes and recommendations come from (the developers' body) CREDAI and the Indian Institute of Architects.\"Interestingly, with ambiguity presently prevailing on RP 2021 many activists feel the real intentions of the government are suspect.Delivering a presentation titled 'Understanding violations and illegalities in construction projects', architect Jim Manjooran felt that citizens should acquaint themselves \"with building laws and specify major illegalities while raising issues.\" He felt many times village groups focus on \"trivial things such as a missing construction details board at construction sites while ignoring larger illegalities\" such as cutting of trees or the excessive number of floors in a project.Touching upon the issue of pollution, he said that no sewage treatment plant (STP) of any building complex in the state is working as these STPs go defunct within six months. These STPs are usually located near a well or in a field, Manjooran observed while citing a mega-complex in Caranzalem that was releasing effluents in the fields behind causing the area to stink.Speaking on the 'sociological perspective on impact of gated communities on villages in Goa', Afonso Botelho, an academician, said villages were experiencing discrimination in the form of gated communities which socially exclude the villagers.The CSJP has appealed to people not to use village group or people's movements as platforms to begin their political careers. Soter D'souza, executive member of the CSJP, noted that many-a-time activists \"were using gram sabhas to blackmail builders.\" He advocated \"a code of ethics for activists to avoid such conflicts of interest.\"Activist Kim Miranda from Orlim said the government never bothers to ask citizens as to what they want when it is formulating developmental laws and guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17632667", "title": "Crackdown in red-light area, 29 held", "text": "JODHPUR: In a major crack down on the flourishing flesh trade in the heart of the city, Jodhpur police arrested 29 prostitutes and two pimps on Saturday. This is the biggest ever action of Jodhpur police. Eight cases have been registered by the police.According to the police officials, complaints had long been received by the police against the flesh trade in the Ghasmandi locality of Jodhpur, which is considered a hub of such activities and was once declared by the police, an activity free zone. But the absence of follow up surveillance by the police allowed the trade to firm up its feet again in the locality. Following the continuous complaints by the locals, the police, on Saturday planned action and sent some decoy customers to their places.Following their intimation, the police raided the houses of the locality and arrested 29 prostitutes of different age from the locality, who were from different regions of the state and had been functioning for quite some time. Besides, this 2 males have also been arrested, who have been identified as pimps. \"We will also be taking action against the house owners, who have provided their houses to these prostitutes,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636281", "title": "Not quitting Balika Vadhu for films: Pratyusha", "text": "Rumours have been rife that Pratyusha Banerjee aka Anandi of Balika Vadhu fame is quitting the hit show.But Pratyusha chooses to take a stance and clarifies once and for all. \"I don't know if I'm being replaced but from my side, there are no problems. I have not been told anything by the production house and I have no clue. As of now, I'm continuing to shoot for Balika\".The show has reached an interesting turning point with Shiv and Anandi's wedding so it's hard to imagine that Pratyusha will be replaced at this juncture. Names that are being considered to replace Pratyusha include fellow actor Sriti Jha of Dil Se Di Dua...Saubhagyavati Bhava fame. Sources inform that the reason behind Pratyusha's decision to quit is a lucrative offer in films.However Pratyusha remains tight lipped. \"If I'm replaced I will be affected but I'm not quitting Balika for films. I have no clue about the future and I'll decide once Balika is over. Till this show goes on, I'll only focus on TV. Right now my priorities are here. Somehow the media seems to know everything. Please get in touch with the production house\".If the speculations prove right, will Balika Vadhu be the same without Pratyusha who has gone on to become the face of the show? But in the TV industry as elsewhere, the show must go on!Keep reading this space for the latest updates on your favourite stars and shows!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632585", "title": "Govt plans own channel, real autonomy for Doordarshan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry has asked regulator Trai for a review of the policy which disallows government ownership of television channels. This letter to the regulator is seen as a precursor to the Centre launching a TV channel of its own.On November 30, I&B; secretary Uday Kumar Varma wrote to Trai chairman Rahul Khullar asking him \"to kindly provide your recommendations as to whether the following may be allowed\" in broadcasting: central and state government ministries and departments, state-owned companies, undertakings and joint ventures.Varma cited the instances of the governments of Gujarat, Punjab, Andhra Pradesh and the Union HRD ministry seeking permission to operate and distribute their TV channels which the I&B; ministry has turned down because the current policy doesn't allow government presence in broadcasting.Sources in the ministry said Doordarshan was allowed because it was ostensibly run by an autonomous body, Prasar Bharati. They also said that it was a question of time before Prasar Bharati is likely to be asked to raise and manage its own finances and that would automatically lead to the public broadcaster asserting its autonomy.It's in this context that the government's letter seeking Trai's views on government presence in broadcasting acquires significance. Incidentally, Doordarshan enjoys 92% coverage of the country through its terrestrial network with a viewership of about 2.5 crore people.Not just TV channels, the government is also keen on having a presence in print and radio too. There is urgency to the move in view of elections in 2014 when the government having its own media would be undoubtedly helpful.While the Punjab government sought permission for its own TV channel, the Gujarat government and HRD ministry sought the I&B; ministry's nod to set up educational channels on their own DTH platforms.90% of I&B; funds spent on Prasar BharatiSources said that the I&B; ministry was looking to recast Prasar Bharati as a financially autonomous public service broadcaster like the BBC with independent sources of funding like licence fees, commercial programming and ads.At present 90% of the ministry's fund is spent on funding Prasar Bharati's operations. I&B; minister Manish Tewari is said to have discussed the issue with senior memeber of the government. \"Why should there be a veil of hypocrisy in running one's own channel or paper? If there are 800 TV channels, allowing 30 more will only be a drop in the ocean. If there are 3,000 radio stations, there can be space for 30 more, and the same is true for papers,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633756", "title": "Haryana people prefer khaps over courts: Report", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A survey carried out by a sub-committee constituted by Haryana Backward Class Commission (HBCC) to ascertain possibility of reservation for jats and other communities has found out that rustic Haryanvis have more faith in social panchayats than judicial courts and prefer to approach khaps for remedial measures.During the survey conducted on 49,870 households in rural areas, it was found that 66.6% families from 16 different castes said they preferred approaching khap panchayats than opting for judicial remedies for seeking justice whenever disputes arise. The survey was tasked to ascertain khaps' influence in Haryana and was conducted by a sub-committee headed by K S Sangwan, a former HoD of department of sociology at Maharishi Dayanand University, Rohtak.The research was one of the 12 social indicators used by the sub-committee for determining social, educational and economical backwardness of various castes and communities of Haryana. While this part of the report has come as a shot in the arm for khap leaders, who claim khap panchayat to be legitimate dispute disputes platform, they have very conveniently chosen to trash the rest of the report.\"This is the only portion where the commission could not manipulate. We cannot rely on any other recommendations made in the report,'' said Sube Singh Samain, a spokesperson of Sarvjat Khap Panchayat.Khaps in Haryana have been inviting criticism from various sections of the society as well as Punjab and Haryana High court for their diktats on barring same-village marriages and inter-caste marriages, which has led to incidents of honor killings in the state.\"Bhaichara (brotherhood) concept still exists in rural Haryana. Khaps have played important role in solving common problems. Villagers feel that in courts only one party wins the case. But when it comes to khap panchayats, it is a win-win situation for both the parties,'' said Sangwan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17631508", "title": "Congress wants all-party meet on land bank", "text": "KOLKATA: The Pradesh Congress Committee on Saturday demanded an all-party meeting by the West Bengal government to discuss the progress in creation of a land bank by the state for the setting up of industries.\"We are hearing that the state government has created a land bank, but it has not yet been able to make public the details about it. How much land has been collected? Where? What kind of land is this, is this suitable for setting up industrial units? What are the facilities for infrastructure available? How many projects have been identified. The state government should call an all-party meeting and furnish the details,\" PCC president Pradip Bhattacharya said.On chief minister Mamata Banerjee's Delhi visit to attend a FICCI meeting, Bhattacharya said. \"If she can bring investments to Bengal, we will certainly welcome that.\" But he feared that till the state had formulated a land policy that would meet the requirement of land to set up industries, it would be difficult to find investors ready to come to Bengal.Meanwhile, PCC is formulating a programme of agitation in the state, the first of its kind since Congress had decided to quit the Mamata Banerjee government and assume the role of an opposition party. \"Through agitations we want to give a warning to this government that at this rate it was fast losing popularity and the people would soon reject it.\" Criticizing the \"high-handed way\" in which the administration was running, he said earlier CPM used to control the administration, now Trinamool Congress is controlling it.On January 10, a public meeting would be organized by Congress in the city in support of setting up of an AIIMS hospital in North Bengal, he said.The chief minister wanted the hospital to come up at Kalyani while her bete noire Congress leader Deepa Das Munshi wanted the hospital in Raiganj. PCC would also hold a meeting later this month in support of FDI in retail in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17630816", "title": "Jagadish Shettar in Belgaum for wedding", "text": "BANGALORE: The Belgaum district administration which got some relief with the legislature session concluding on Thursday, is on its toes once again with politicians landing in the city on Sunday for a wedding and other enegagements.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar and top BJP leaders will be in Belgaum to attend the wedding of party MP Suresh Angadi's daughter. Union ministers M Veerappa Moily and K Rahman Khan will be present at the Congress convention for minorities being held here and former chief minister H D Kumaraswamy will be celebrating his birthday with HIV positive children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17631876", "title": "French romanticist Victor Hugo's grief to get visual interpretation", "text": "KANNUR: French romanticist Victor Hugo learnt about his daughter Leopoldine's death from a newspaper he read at a cafe in 1843. Shattered, the bereaved father wrote several poems in memory of the 19 year old, who had drowned in the Seine at Villequier.More than one-and-a-century later, the grief set in poetry is to get a visual interpretation, thanks to Mahe-based Lissy Muraleedharan, who has been working on the Bharatanatyam adaption of Hugo's 'Se Normal Pour Elle' (It is normal for her).Lissy had earlier conceptualized and staged the poetic movements of many Malayalam works of literature, including M Mukundan's 'Mayyazhipuzhayude Theerangalil' and Kadathanat Madhaviyamma's poem 'Onakkilikal'.\"Mangalat Raghavan has translated 'Se Normal Pour Elle' into Malayalam as 'Illaval' (She is no more), and it captures the intensity of Hugo's emotional bond with his daughter,\" says Lissy.Though many dancers have adapted many poetic works into Bharatanatyam, it is for the first time that the work of a foreign writer is being performed in an Indian classical dance form, claims the dancer, who is also the director of Natya Kalakshetram, a dance school in Mahe.\"Being born and brought up in Mahe, I had the chance to read many French poems, which were translated by Raghavan sir, and it was he who brought me closer to Hugo's poems, and gave me the confidence to do this performance,\" she says.Adapting Hugo is a challenge, the dancer agrees. \"Though 'Mayyazhipuzhayude Theerangalil' was a work of fiction that I staged in 2007, I could easily associate with it, since it is related to the life in Mayyazhi (Mahe). Here it is a complicated poetic narrative packed with emotion, but I am confident it would be a different experience for the viewers,\" says the dancer, who claims to have gone into the emotional depth of Hugo's poetry, which always revolve around the observation that grief is the ultimate truth in this world.Though she loves experiments in dance, Lissy always ensure that it takes energy from the training she had in conventional training without distorting its classical touch.\"Experimenting does not mean turning away from the tradition or distorting it, but it is the flow of energy taken from the tradition that is being translated into a new form and expression,\" explains the dancer, who plans to stage the programme in the next few weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17630832", "title": "Governor should recommend President's rule, says Congress", "text": "BANGALORE: The Congress charged the Shettar government with passing 13 bills on the last day of the recently concluded legislature session in Belgaum in the absence of opposition parties when the BJP government's strength had been reduced from 118 to 100 in a House of 222 members.Petitioning governor HR Bhardwaj on this issue here on Saturday, Congress leaders Siddaramaiah, SR Patil and G Parameshwara said the government had 118 members before former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's launch of his KJP in Haveri on December 9. At the event, 14 BJP MLAs shared the dais with him and six ministers attended the breakfast meeting prior to the function.Four more members had identified themselves with independent MLA B Sriramulu. This leaves the BJP with 100 MLAs. \"No development works are happening and the administrative machinery has collapsed. Hence the governor should intervene under Article 356 (President's rule) of the Constitution,'' the memorandum said.Reacting to the memorandum, chief minister Jagadish Shettar said there was scope for the party to deliberate on the bills in the House. \"There was no need for them to play politics outside the House,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17632617", "title": "13,500 cases solved during day-long mega lok adalat", "text": "INDORE: As many as 13, 500 cases were solved during the day-long mega lok adalat organized by Madhya Pradesh High Court at Gandhi Hall, 15 zonal offices of the municipal corporation and headquarters of Indore Municipal Corporation on Saturday.\"Online facility of mega lok adalat was also ensured for people's convenience. The idea was to ensure speedy justice,\" said additional commissioner, Manoj Pushp.According to justice Pradeep Mittal, cases related to road accidents, crime, education, insurance claim and electricity bills were resolved on the occasion. Many cases related to BSNL and other private telecom operators were also settled.Some of the cases were pre-settled and were verified by the judges with their signatures during the camp. The average time taken to solve each case was 15 to 20 minutes.First the proposals were invited before the judges and then they were tried and solved.A case of advocate Ramesh Chandra Gokul Prasad of bank loan was settled by the lower court and thereby verified by the court.According to advocate Ganesh Verma, Ramesh Chandra took a loan of Rs 50,000 from Union Bank to purchase law books and maintain his own office. The reason given behind his failure to repay the loan in time was his 12 years of prolonged illness. The court settled the case on a compromise basis at fifty per cent. The amount of loan came up to Rs 67,000 with interest. The court asked Ramesh Chandra to repay Rs 32,000 only that too in three instalments, each having a value of nearly Rs 10,000.One such case of road mishap was also settled.As per the case, Kumari Mamta, the appellant, had filed a case against one Kamal Adi, the bus driver whose negligence led to her mother's death. The appellant received Rs 3, 32,000 as compensation for her widow mother's death, said justice Arun Kumar Sharma. Another case of road mishap was settled in which Sarvesh Kumar , who is a truck driver by profession, was the defendant, advocate DS Naik said. The truck had collided with a bus due to Sarvesh's negligence. The injured plaintiff included Ramdas Viruddha who lost his leg in the accident and was given Rs 5, 75,000 for his medical treatment. Rampyari and Shubham who sustained several injuries were given Rs 5000 to Rs 10,000 as compensation. Gayatri, who is a married lady, also faced certain internal injuries and was given Rs 17,000. The case was resolved by Justice Savita Dubey with a total compensation amount of Rs 6, 06,000.Manoj Pushp also said that it was a win-win situation for municipal corporation as it could recover old dues and bad debts amounting to more than Rs 15 crore. The cases were disposed and at the same time recovery was done.A total of 140 cases were decided, which resulted in depositing of the sum amounting to Rs 6 lakh. Similarly, in the forest department's lok adalat, fines were slapped in 39 cases, amounting to Rs 305000 and compound cases, amounting to Rs 201000, thus totalling the recovery of amount to the tune of Rs 5,06,000. Nearly 2,50,000 plants, mainly fruit plants, were distributed on the occasion.It benefited a lot of people as justice was ensured to them and at the same time many grievances of the people were redressed. Large number of people heaved a sigh of relief and they now believe that the courts can vindicate their legal rights from fraud and over-reaching and would try to fulfil its primary function to protect them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17632523", "title": "Bus terminal to shift near HUDA City Centre", "text": "GURGAON: If everything goes well, the new bus terminal near HUDA City Centre will be the hub for the entire city bus service and the Volvo bus fleet operations in the next three months.At present, both the inter- and intra-city bus services are running from the bus terminal located in the old city, which, senior officials said, will not stop operating once the state government gives the green signal for the new terminals in Sector 29. It makes a lot of sense to have a city bus service from new Gurgaon, where residents are at the mercy of autos and ramshackle private buses for commuting.Asked about the deadline to shift to the new bus terminal, the roadways general manager Yashwinder Singh said: \"The new bus terminal will be operational in the next three months and the existing bus terminal will only have inter-state buses.\"After its launch last year, the city bus service is now catering to nearly one lakh passengers. \"The number of passengers is increasing every month and the department is planning to expand the fleet very soon,\" said Singh.Currently, the city bus service has a fleet of 160 buses plying on different routes and the number is expected to go up to 300 by March 2013.The department is planning to add AC buses to the city bus service fleet in a phased manner.On the decision to make the new terminal a main station for the Volvo buses in Gurgaon, another Haryana Roadways official said: \"The location of the new terminal will add occupancy rate in all Volvo buses. Passengers need not come or commute all the way to the old city to board the bus. They will prefer the new terminal in Sector 29.\"He also said the occupancy of Volvo buses on different inter-state routes is 85%. \"Shifting to new Gurgaon will attract more passengers from new Gurgaon and even from the colonies near south Delhi because of the Metro connectivity,\" said the official. The roadways is also planning to increase the fleet of Volvo buses from 16 to 25 in the next three months. At the new bus terminal, the roadways has planned to construct a spacious passengers' lounge equipped with a range of facilities.\"The entire proposal is with the headquarters, waiting for clearance, which is likely to happen by the end of this month after which the work will start instantly since all the design and planning is already done,\" said another roadways official.For residents of new Gurgaon, the new bus terminal is going to be a big relief since the old city bus terminal is not just far away but also lacks in facilities.\"Ideally, the state should have planned and constructed the bus terminal long time ago since the population in new Gurgaon has grown far ahead of that in Old Gurgaon,\" said Amit Gupta, a Sector 53 resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633468", "title": "Call centre employee run over by lorry", "text": "CHENNAI: A 23-year-old call centre employee was fatally knocked down by a tipper lorry in Ambathur on Friday morning. Police said Banupriya was going to her office near Ambattur Industrial Estate on her two-wheeler when the lorry hit her from behind. Witness said she lost control of the two-wheeler as there was another vehicle parked on the roadside.Banupriya, who was lying in a pool of blood, was rushed to a private hospital nearby, where she was declared \"brought dead\" . She sustained severe head injuries. Police said Banupriya's wedding was scheduled for next month. She was a resident of Ambattur. Her father had died a couple of months ago. She leaves behind her mother, sister and a brother.The Poonamallee traffic investigation police have registered a case and have registered a case under IPC Section 304 (A) (causing death due to negligence) and arrested lorry driver Ettaiappan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17632541", "title": "Man fleeing with cash held", "text": "VADODARA: A man from West Bengal attempted to rob Rs 7.19 lakh cash from a security firm employee in the city on Saturday afternoon. However, passers-by caught the accused and gave him a sound thrashing before handing him over to the police. One more accomplice of the accused managed to flee from the spot.According to police, Jaydev Jadhav, who works as cash operator executive in a private security services firm, was on his way to deposit Rs 25 lakh cash in a private bank in Alkapuri. When he reached the bank, he kept the bags full of cash aside and was talking to a bank employee. \"The accused identified as Biren Gawala was present in the bank looking for unsuspecting victims. He picked one of the bags when Jaydev was busy talking with the bank employee,\" said the police.However, Jadhav noticed Gawala leaving with the bag and raised alarm. Gawala ran out but was caught by people nearby. He was beaten up by the mob who also recovered the cash from him. Gawala told the police that he was from West Bengal. Sources said that another bag found on him was also stolen. tnnGawala's accomplice is yet to be identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17631030", "title": "Netas, babus beneficiaries of Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited : BJP", "text": "MUMBAI: BJP leader Kirit Somaiya on Saturday said Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited (MKCL) is a classic case of politician-bureaucrat-businessman nexus to \"make money\" and has dared the ruling NCP-Congress to take legal action or move a privilege motion against him for exposing the \"scam\".Somaiya said politicians and bureaucrats were the beneficiaries and demanded an ACB probe. \"In 2001, the state formed the MKCL. Senior NCP leader Dilip Walse-Patil (then higher and technical education minster) and minister of state for higher and technical education, Anees Ahmed (Congress), applied for stakes. Joyce Shankaran (then principal secretary, higher and technical education department) and a few other bureaucrats too got stakes,\" Somaiya said, adding, \"Why were shares allotted to select people. Why wasn't allotment made to anyMantralaya peon or constable posted for security of the state administrative headquarters?\"According to the documents given Somaiya, Walse-Patil has transferred his shares to someone called Avinash Patil, while Ahmed still owns the share.Refuting the charges, Walse-Patil said, \"The charges are baseless. Few days ago, similar charges were made by Somaiya. I have issued a clarification on them. I will not like to comment on this issue.\" Earlier Walse-Patil had threatened to take legal action against Somaiya for maligning his image. NCP MLA Nawab Malik too had said he would move a privilege motion against Somaiya for dishonoring the speaker's chair. Ahmed did not respond to TOI's calls and messages.Shankaran said, \"It was not completely public limited company. The corporation was working with the government and public. To show faith in the MKCL, it was felt that board members should hold shares. Accordingly, I paid the amount through cheque to procure the shares. The money I paid had gone to government kitty.\"Somaiya said this was a case of government taking decisions to benefit a company with politicians-bureaucrats-businessmen as its share holders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632334", "title": "Industry chamber event turns into political slugfest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday promised more measures \u00e2\u20ac\u201d ranging from reworking the oil subsidy regime to tax reforms \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to end the air of \"excessive pessimism\" that has impacted growth over the past few years, even as the Opposition trashed the UPA's economic policy and blamed indecisiveness for the current state of affairs, turning an industry chamber event into a political slugfest.Singh, who spoke first at the Ficci annual general meeting, on Saturday morning reiterated the government's resolve to amend the controversial General Anti-Avoidance Rules ( GAAR ) and the norms for IT companies, introduce the Direct Taxes Code and Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) in a speech that focused more on listing the government's achievements and sought to suggest that the Indian economy had weathered the storm better than the West.While listing fiscal reforms as something like a statement of intent, Singh then went on to talk about FDI liberalization initiatives such as allowing foreign airlines to invest in Indian carriers, retail and power to keep the current account deficit under check. \"Each of these decisions is based on sound economic logic. But they were also based on larger concerns about national security and the need to insulate India from the persistent global economic slowdown. I am afraid that those who oppose these moves are either ignorant of global realities or are constrained by out-dated ideologies,\" he said in what was a statement aimed at the BJP and other Opposition parties. \"For example, when I hear the debate on FDI in retail , what I hear are arguments against large scale organized retail, and not against FDI in retail,\" he added.When BJP leader Sushma Swaraj took the podium in the afternoon, she accused the government of following policies that had led to a decline of the economy, a contrast to the healthy situation that the UPA had inherited. \"It is not pessimism but an atmosphere of cynicism... More than policy the right environment is important but here everyday there are scams,\" she told the audience comprising industry leaders.Countering the charge that the Opposition was holding back key reform proposals, especially economic legislation, Swaraj said that it was the split within the ruling coalition and the UPA's inability to get everyone on board that was responsible for the problem. She mentioned the Pensions bill and said that BJP had bailed out the government at the time of introduction when UPA did not have numbers in the House and the Left demanded a division of votes.Swaraj also hit out at Singh for using coalition compulsions as an \"excuse\" for delaying decisions. \"We also ran a coalition government which had more constituents. There were 24 parties in the NDA. Manmohan Singh is the PM but he is neither the leader of his party nor of the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17631223", "title": "Triple murder case: No arrest after 2 days", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: West Singhbhum police have not yet arrested anyone in connection with the triple murder case in Khanda village under Bandgaon police station on Thursday.Three people, including 65-year-old Chamni Oraon, her 40-year-old son Soma and 35-year-old daughter Jambi were hacked to death by their own family members because they suspected these three practiced witchcraft. The three were killed with a sharp-edged weapon in the wee hours of Thursday.According to sources, the incident had occurred on Thursday but because it took place in the remote forest area information reached the local police quite late.On the basis of the information gathered from the local villagers, police said a relative of the deceased Chamni Oraon was not keeping well for the past several months and their superstitious family members started suspecting that the widow and her daughter were practicing black magic as a result of which the person was keeping unwell.\"So far, we have not arrested any individual because none of the accused relatives are saying anything about the incident,\" said Bandgaon police station in-charge, D Kiro.However, the police officer said investigation is on. The bodies have been shifted for conducting postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633638", "title": "We bank on locally relevant tech", "text": "Frans van Houten started his career at Philips, joining marketing and sales at Philips Data Systems in 1986. He has since held multiple positions, including CEO of Philips Semiconductors. Since April last year, he has been CEO of the entire 23-billioneuro group that focuses on healthcare, lighting and consumer lifestyle products. van Houten was in Bangalore on Friday, the city where the Dutch company has one its biggest R&D; centres, and spoke exclusively to STOI on the work it's doing here.Philips has been best known in India for its lighting products. But healthcare is now a big focus for you. How is India placed for you in healthcare?Healthcare is growing very rapidly for us in India. The progress we've made by providing advanced, locally relevant technology has this year made us the number one healthcare technology provider in India, as per independent estimates. We design and make our own cath labs (an examination room in a hospital or clinic with diagnostic imaging equipment) in India at our Pune facility. The Allura Cath Lab we make was designed in India for India, and it happens to be a great export product too. There are 1.6 million hospital beds in India and we're bringing better care to beds in rural India through our e-ICU programme. Basically, these are community hospitals that have access to trained doctors and specialists in cities remotely , through camera. This technology was available first in the United States but was too expensive. But we've redesigned it here in our lab, in Bangalore, to be locally relevant and at a price point that's a fraction of what it costs in the US. We are providing it as a service by partnering leading hospital groups.Another great innovation, designed and developed in India , is the ClearVue ultrasound system. With Europe going through severe economic problems, the products being developed here are finding markets there.What's the latest in healthcare technology you've introduced in India that's making a big difference to patients here?The technology we call HIFU is seeing a great deal of demand in India. These are highly focused ultrasound beams and are a new way to treat cancer. The ultrasound is used as a smart beam that directly heats up the cancer tumour, and by which it dies. Chemotherapy and radiation cause a lot of damage. HIFU, on the other hand, has no side-effects . In India, HIFU is being used to treat uterine fibroids in women, which is quite prevalent. Rather than doing a hysterectomy, through HIFU, we can treat these fibroids with minimally invasive treatment . We are not opening up people, and that's the Holy Grail in surgery.How much are you investing in R&D; in India?Of our 10,000 employees here in India , more t h a n 2,000 are in R&amp;D.; We're investing approximately more than 100 million Euro a year in R&D; in India. And a large portion of the investment is in healthcare because India also does a lot of our global R&D; in healthcare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "17633538", "title": "Case filed against CM, excise minister, others", "text": "ARA: A case was filed in the court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Ara, on Saturday against chief minister Nitish Kumar, excise minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, Bhojpur district magistrate and SP. The CJM court held them responsible for the sale of spurious liquor and the death of over 50 persons after consuming hooch on December 7. The 50 persons died between December 7 and 9.Advocate Nagendra Prasad Yadav said that state RJD general secretary Raghuvar Prasad Chandravanshi filed a case in the court of CJM, Ara, on Saturday against Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, excise minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, chief secretary, excise secretary Sandeep Paundrik, Bhojpur DM Pratima S Verma, SP M R Naik, Bhojpur assistant excise commissioner Binod Jha, officer-in-charge, Town police station, B K Chauhan and officer-in-charge, Nawada police station, Shiv Narain Ram and others holding them responsible for open sale of spurious liquor and death of over 50 persons after consuming it from December 7 to December 9.Yadav said that licenses of all the government liquor depots had lapsed on March 31, 2012, but later extended upto November 30, 2012. The new allotment was given on December 1, 2012, but none of the shops brewed liquor till December 7.Meanwhile, Ara bandh called by the CPI-ML in protest against the death of many people in Ara hooch tragedy and FDI, evoked mixed response. Almost all the schools and colleges remained closed while attendance in government offices was thin. The bandh supporters, in groups, took out processions from different parts of the town and forced the traders to close their business establishments. They burnt tyres and blocked Ara-Patna main road near Patel Bus Stand and Nawada roundabout from Saturday morning and paralyzed the movement of vehicles. They also squatted on the railway track at Ara railway station and stopped Patna-Anand Vihar Special Train for about an hour. As a result, several trains remained stranded at different station on Danapur-Mughalsarai rail divisions.In an effort to stop a train, one Pintu, 18, was crushed to death at Koelwar railway station by Buxar-Islampur passenger train while two others __ Md Ishtyaque and Tinku __ were injured. Later, the doctor forwarded the critically ill Md Ishtyaque to Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17631997", "title": "Governor to visit Indo-Bangla border today", "text": "SILCHAR: Assam governor Janaki Ballav Patnaik will visit Karimganj district on Sunday. During the day, he will tour along the India-Bangladesh border and take stock of the situation along the 92 km border that Karimganj district shares with the neighbouring country. His visit to the border will be party aerial and partly by road.During the visit, he will meet senior officers of Border Security Force and civil administration at Maizdihi BPO in the district. In the evening, he will return to Dispur , an official said on Saturday.The governor's visit to the international border is significant as it comes at a time when the issue of infiltration of illegal migrants from Bangladesh to Assam has taken centrestage in the state's politics and administration.The governor will also take stock of the progress of construction of barbed wire fence and setting up of flood lights along the international border in this part of the state, which is yet to be over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633216", "title": "Is AAP the killer app?", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636760", "title": "Mother of all tributes to Pandit Ravi Shankar", "text": "Playwright and actor-director Girish Karnad has probably paid the 'Mother' of all tributes to sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar who passed away in San Diego ,United States earlier this week. \"It is a case of an artist creating an age and an age creating an artist. There was a complete symbiosis between the time and the artist,\" Karnad said at the Kalakshetra Foundation here on Saturday on the occasion of a specially organized memorial screening of Satyajit Ray's cult film 'Pather Panchali' for which Ravi Shankar scored the music. The theme music of Pather Panchali (Song of the little road) set in 1920s Bengal countryside is rich in sitar and sarod improvisations with the flute adding a magical touch.Listen to Pandit Ravi Shankar's best on gaana.com\"Ravi Shankarji lived a kind of life that I wish on all artists because of its fulfilled nature and continual creativity. He lived to be 92 years, how much more do you want a human being to live? I have come here to celebrate, not mourn,\" Karnad told the audience of musicians, dancers, teachers and students at the Rukmani Arangam, the open air performing theatre at Kalakshetra.\"Ravi Shankar (1920-2012) and his elder brother, the dancer Uday Shankar (1900-1970) between them represent a complete cultural history of India in terms of art and dance,\" he said. However, praising contemporary and young Indian musicians Karnad said they were \"astoundingly good in an atmosphere without caste and colour barriers, more information and at times richer music\". Ravi Shankar belonged to this 'golden age' and was creative till he died winning a Grammy nomination for his latest composition.Ravi Shankar became a dancer in his brother's troupe in Paris but back in India had to give up dancing as a condition to be accepted as a disciple by Ustad Allauddin Khan in Maihar (near Bhopal ), Karnad said. It was a significant decision made by a young artist to return to India after tasting success in Europe and submit to a rigorous four-hour practice sessions starting at 4am daily. \"Ustad Allauddin would go around various tents where his disciples were doing 'riyaaz', correct their errors and perform himself to show them how to do it, said Karnad adding, \"If the errors were not rectified, the concerned artists would not get their breakfast\".Ustad Allauddin' son Ali Akbar Khan was \"a man of the soil\" in Maihar whose world was an enclosed one with the objective of succeeding his father as the court musician, whereas Ravi Shankar coming to India after seven years in Paris spoke French and responded very differently to tradition. Since Indian musicians then knew nothing of western music, the person who made the breakthrough was Ravi Shankar playing with Yehudi Menuhin and the Beatles.His deep roots in Indian classical music and openness to western music enabled him to a more effective cultural ambassador. Historical events like the US opening up to Indian diaspora in the 1960s and invitations from these settlers to come there and perform enabled the music guru to touch the hearts of the west. In the 1940s and 1950s, Indian musicians had no self-confidence and the attitude was one of \"cringing at the white man\". Ravi Shankar with his innate genius and intellectual sparkle turned this situation around to put India on the world music map.The Music Academy in Madras province emerged from the political movement of nationalism, but the maestro after he started the National Indian Orchestra at the All India Radio in 1949 tried to experiment with harmonizing western orchestra elements with Indian music. \"Even Ravi Shankar's music could not quite achieve this but what is important is that he was trying to experiment,\" Karnad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17630928", "title": "Good response to optional Class 10 exam", "text": "BANGALORE: Continuous and Comprehensive Education (CCE) of students, marks replaced with grades to reduce stress for children, reinstated board examination with school-based assessment and introduced monitoring and mentoring scheme for implementation of CCE. There have been many changes in the CBSE system. STOI caught up with CBSE chairman Vineeth Joshi on Saturday who spoke about various issues, including the latest move to accredit schools. Excerpts:You've introduced accreditation for CBSE schools. Why?The current rules of the CBSE mandate every school to meet minimum infrastructural parameters to get affiliation with the board. The accreditation process is for us to know how the available infrastructure is being utilized. You may have the best of teachers with the best of degrees, but the teacher should also be able to transact in a way kids can understand. Similarly, a school may have a lab with all the facilities, but it may not be in use at all. This is an invisible process of education.Has the accreditation process commenced?CBSE started it as a pilot project in 12 schools across the country. Although we had plans to wind up the process by November, it got stretched due to festivals and holidays. We plan to finish it by January 2013.Why are private agencies assessing schools?We're taking the help of private agencies which are certified. But we'll also have one person from CBSE with each agency to ensure transparency. It'll be video-recorded and we'll put it up on our website too. Reports regarding them will be made available. We're hoping there won't be any corruption.Teachers complain they're worked after CCE was introduced and they've lost time for teaching..The process has not been understood well and there is a communication gap. A lot depends on how you approach it. A teacher needn't ask children to do project work after finishing the lesson. That can be done simultaneously.You made the Class X examination optional to reduce stress. How successful has that been?The response has been good this year. Earlier, it was only for schools with Class 10 and 12. Now schools with only Class 10 can also opt for it. The exam is being taken by only those who intend to shift from one board to another. We're analyzing two years' data and it shows that there's no difference between students who took the exam and those who didn't. We plan to get in touch with other boards and parents to convince them about not taking the exam. Our aim is to ensure no student appears for the Class X examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636464", "title": "Energy drinks no more effective than a cup of coffee", "text": "With ingredients such as guarana and ginseng, energy drinks have been heralded for their mind and body-boosting qualities, but according to new research, the only useful ingredient in beverages such as Redbull is caffeine.The study found that while energy drinks often contain ingredients such as taurine, guarana and ginseng, there is an \"overwhelming lack of evidence to substantiate claims that these ingredients boost performance,\" the Daily Mail reported.It has been suggested that these drinks enhance physical and cognitive performance.But the new research casts doubt over this, suggesting the main benefit is probably down to a generous dose of caffeine.The researchers went through dozens of articles that examined the effects of energy ingredients alone and/or in combination with caffeine.With the exception of some weak evidence for glucose and guarana extract, there was little evidence substantiating claims that components of energy drinks, other than caffeine, contribute to the enhancement of physical or cognitive performance.Earlier this year, a study found that energy drinks have up to 14 times more caffeine than other soft drinks.Furthermore, doctors warned that children given energy drinks could pile on the pounds because they are not active enough to burn off the extra calories.A hidden problem with energy drinks is caffeine, which can reach toxic levels up to 14 times greater than in other soft drinks. The stimulant has been linked to seizures, diabetes , heart problems and behavioural disorders.The study is published in the Nutrition Reviews journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17631013", "title": "Midnight tea party will bring together Indian and global artistes", "text": "MUMBAI: For a city weaned on cutting chai on the run, a tea ceremony which commences at midnight and continues over 12 hours across different sites might sound like a touch too leisurely if not radical. But on December 22, Miko Kuro's Midnight Tea hopes to do just that when it invites individuals to be part of one such elaborate tea ceremony.Started by American artist Natasha Marin in 2008, Miko Kuro's Midnight Tea is a community arts endeavor designed to create moments of meaningful interaction between strangers. Marin has hosted these gatherings at galleries and art spaces in Greece, France, China, Canada and the United States before bringing the project to India.In Mumbai, the evening will be led by Marin and twelve artists from the USA and Canada who will work across genres and spaces to create an (art) experience that will come together around tea. Marin and her collaborators will be joined by about 48 Indian artists, singers and poets who will also participate at various junctures of the project.\"The project is built around the traditional Japanese tea ceremony where more than one person can explore the relationship of giving and receiving. We're all projecting ourselves into the world, and if with the help of some instructions we could get all our perspectives to coalesce for at least the duration of the tea ceremony, then that would be amazing. I really believe that at any point in time, people can come together and make magic happen,\" explains Marin, who has adopted Miko Kuro as her Japanese name.The event titled '12 Artists. 12 Hours. Once in a lifetime.' will begin at Tao Art Gallery, Worli, and conclude at Lakeeren Gallery, Colaba. Marin elaborates, \"When one is working across cultures and disciplines, finding familiar territory is very important. For the Mumbai ceremony I've chosen the broad theme of the elements because people everywhere can relate to the elements of Fire, Water, Earth and Air.\"The cycles of Fire and Water will be performed at Tao whereas Air and Earth will take place at Lakeeren Gallery, Colaba. The ceremony will be a mix of predetermined and improvised performances, readings, interventions and the like. The programme for the evening will be led by Marin and her band of 12 interdisciplinary collaborators, including Bonnie Brooks, a fashion designer, textile artist, and alternative healer, Zac Buschmohle, a photographer and Jumanne Donahue, a writer and game designer. The line-up also includes Namrata Bhawnani of Visual Disobedience. Bhawnani and Visual Disobedience, a webzine and support-indie-art initiative, have been integral to bringing Marin tea party to Mumbai.Marin was drawn to India and Mumbai because some of the artists who featured in earlier sessions were from Mumbai and attended art school here. According to Marin, finding artists for each session is never difficult; there are times, however, when language comes in the way. \"In China, I wished for more language to communicate with, but my daughter who came with me speaks a little Mandarin so that made it easier to connect. My hosts in China at 943 Studio were beyond gracious! It would have been impossible without their hands-on assistance. Being a citizen of three countries, I often feel like I should speak more than just English,\" she confesses.While finding intrepid artists who're ready to move out of their comfort zones may come easily to Marin, her search for them in Mumbai has been made singularly easy by Visual Disobedience, which caught Marin's attention when she was researching online for potential collaborators. \"Natasha was looking for a local support system, a one-stop shop that would help her plug into the scene and also work with her on all the logistics. Some of these 48 artists\u00e2\u20ac\u201dsuch as Tarini Dixit, Jai Ranjit, Sujay Saple and Nishith Mehta\u00e2\u20ac\u201dare part of the Visual Disobedience community while others were invited after they successfully met some criteria laid out by Natasha,\" explains Bhawnani.Despite Mumbai's repeated claims of being a city that doesn't sleep, it has been caught napping on more than one occasion. When asked about midnight, her preferred time, Marin responded, \"It's the most magical time. Don't you think?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17630779", "title": "Colaba score first round win over Mary's", "text": "MUMBAI: Colaba Municipal School got the better of fancied St. Mary's SSC in a first round match of the JC Maitra &amp; JC Bhattacharjee Memorial Boys (under-16) football tournament, organised by the Bengal Club Sports Academy at the MSSA ground, on Saturday. Aakash Jadhav netted the lone goal for the winners.Results : Dominic Savio 3 (Yash Dholom, Simon Nance Peter Roberts) beat DYPA 1 ( Arthur Rane); Colaba Municipal School 1 (Aakash Jadhav) beat St. Mary's SSC 0; Activity HS 1 (Kunal Pardeshi) beat Gopi Birla 0; St. Xavier's 3 (Ayush Jadhav, Kieren Vaz, Raj Kedar) beat SIWS 0.Ananya shines for Dhirubhai: Dhirubhai Ambani rode on a brace by Ananya Thakur to beat JB Petit 3-0 in the Girl's Swami Vivekananda &amp; Sister Nivedita Memorial Girls football tournament, on Saturday. Results: Dhirubhai Ambani 3 (Noran Dhorajwania, Ananya Thakur 2) beat J.B. Petit 0.Versatile Shriya steals the show: Shriya Kolge bagged gold in the 100m and high jump events in girls under-18 category, on the second day of the Poinsur Gymkhana's 11th Open Athletic championship, at their ground on Saturday. The VPM Sports Club girl has been in excellent touch so far this season with a win in the 100m hurdle in the National Meet held at Haridwar and a second place in the 100m hurdles in the Inter-zonal athletic meet.Nikhil, Rohan score two wins: Nikhil Ghadge of Matunga Gymkhana had a very successful outing winning both his matches in Group-C of the Shivaji Park Gymkhana and Park Club Open Handicap Billiards Tournament. He first defeated Surshrut Pandya (PJHG) 284-199 and then got the better of Chintan Jhaveri (BG) by a comfortable 204-170 margin.Rohan Jambusaria (MCF) also enjoyed a good run winning both his matches to enhance his hopes of making it to the next stage of this event. He had small but useful breaks of 84, 72, 50 and 44 en route to defeat Vishal Gehani (PCL) 312-126 and later scored over Kaizad Mehta (MG) 191-175.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17630800", "title": "I-League: Opara heads Mumbai FC to fifth on table", "text": "PUNE: A header by ND Opara helped Mumbai FC beat United Sikkim FC 1-0 in a 11th round I-League football match at the Balewadi Stadium, on Saturday.The all-important goal came in the first-half injury time (45+2) through Opara, who got a floater from Nicholas Rodrigues. After this win, Mumbai FC are on 16 points and placed fifth while USFC have eight points and placed 12th.Air India play Shillong Lajong on Sunday.Pune FC thrash Dempo 5-1Pune FC ended Dempo's dream run at home when they thrashed them 5-1 in the at the Nehru Stadium. The win takes Pune FC's tally to 20 points from 10 games while Dempo's chance to extend the lead at the top suffered as they remained on 25 points from 11 matches.James Moga struck twice while Izumi Arata, Jeje Lalpekhlua and Douhou Pierre stunned everyone with strikes towards the closing stages of the match.1&gt;For Dempo, Joaquim Abranches's free-kick was the sole bright spot.Results: Dempo 1 (Abranches 23) Pune FC 5 (mOGA 15, 53, Arata 76, Jeje 79, Douhou 85). Mumbai FC 1 (Opara 45) United Sikkim 0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "17626681", "title": "Six 'Ds' to keep your inbox clutter-free", "text": "SYDNEY: A new workshop had revealed the six easy ways to keep our inbox clutter-free as we struggle to handle high volumes of emails every day.Productivity coach Wendy Cole, in her workshop \"The Secret to Getting Things Done, and Managing 100+ Emails a Day\", says majority of employees aren't trained to tackle vast volumes of emails and didn't know how to use email programs like Microsoft Outlook, News.com.au reports.According to Cole, here are the top six ways to handle and manage an email-filled inbox .1. Delete: Every time you read an email, decide if the information is relevant to you. If not, delete it.2. Do: If you can do whatever the email is requesting in two minutes, do it there and then.3. Delegate: If it can't be done in two minutes but you are in a position to delegate it, pass it on to somebody else.4. Defer: If you can't do the task immediately but it will take longer than two minutes, pick a time when you will get it done and add it to a to-do list.4. Diminish: Cut down your email load by making rules in your inbox and directing emails into different folders.5. Daily: Get your unread email count down to zero and do it daily.Cole said people should avoid keeping emails as a \"messy to do list\", the report said.She added the key to staying on top of your emails was to go into your inbox with a mindset that you are \"processing\", and also advised on 'centralised to-do lists' to organise your work day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17637053", "title": "Kate blames herself for hoax call nurse\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s suicide", "text": "The Duchess of Cambridge is devastated and blames herself for the death of hoax call nurse Jacintha Saldanha, according to royal aides.Kate believes that if she had not been in the unit the 46-year-old might still be alive, the Daily Star reported.Her worried husband, Prince William , is even considering quitting his RAF job early to be with her in London.Along with family and friends , he has tried to reassure Kate the tragedy is not her fault.Kate is also dreading having to go back to the King Edward VII hospital because of the awful events that followed her first stay.Saldanha, 46, was duped into putting through a prank call from the two Aussie DJs pretending to be the Queen and Prince Charles.\"Kate is feeling vulnerable and the nurse's death is a dreadful blow. She is terribly upset and blames herself. But everyone is telling her there is no need to feel guilty,\" a royal aide said.\"William feels helpless. He can hold her hand and be sympathetic but Kate still thinks if she hadn't been in that hospital none of this awful tragedy would have happened.\"It is not easy for her, especially if she has to go back into that hospital again,\" the aide said.The royal couple have been talking about whether William should leave the Forces when his tour of duty ends next year.Now, following all the upset, rescue helicopter pilot Wills is thinking about quitting early to be with his wife.She has been advised to stay close to her doctors in London rather than at their remote cottage near his RAF base in north Wales.William is expected to decide by Christmas, then let his bosses know.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17631683", "title": "Cops flayed for failing to crack sensational cases", "text": "ROURKELA: Police have come in for a sharp criticism for failing to act in two much-publicized cases - alleged sexual harassment of a Rourkela Steel Plant (RSP) employee and abduction and killing of an 11-year-old schoolboy. Rourkela Sramik Sangha general secretary MDN Panikar, in a letter to chief minister Naveen Patnaik , has requested for his intervention in the harassment case whereas a public delegation met additional SP (Rourkela) Sudarshan Sethi and expressed their displeasure over slow pace of investigation into Abhijit abduction and murder case.According to sources, about a week ago, a woman employee of RSP lodged a complaint in Sector-3 police station alleging sexual harassment by a deputy general manager. The woman, who is a widow and had got employment in RSP on compassionate ground after the death of her husband, alleged that the senior officer, who was her boss, had been repeatedly calling her to his room and seeking sex. The officer concerned has reportedly gone on leave to evade arrest. Police have not made much headway in the case barring registering the case.Panikar in his letter blamed RSP management and Rourkela police for being inactive in the sensitive case. He alleged the RSP management of protecting the officer. \"The RSP management instead of initiating an internal inquiry or disciplinary action, has sanctioned the leave of the officer, which speaks volumes about its attitude,\" Panikar said. Requesting immediate intervention of the CM, Panikar said this will give confidence to the victim and re-establish the credibility of police in public eye.Similarly, police have arrested one person in the Abhijit case but motive of the killing is yet to be ascertained and other persons, involved in this case, are on the run. A delegation of RSP employees, all colleagues of father of the deceased, met Sethi here on Friday and expressed their displeasure over failure of police to crack the case.Abhijit, a class VI student of Saraswati Sisu Mandir, Sector - 6, was abducted by some unknown persons on December 3 while returning from school and killed. His body was recovered about a week later from Koel river bed. Police arrested one Dilip Mohanty, a close friend of Pratap Pradhan, father of Abhijit, claiming him to be the main accused. Dilip, however, refuted the charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17633701", "title": "Smaller towns like Shimla can nourish book reading habit: Prajwal Parajuly", "text": "SHIMLA: Young Indian author Prajwal Parajuly, who has earned the sobriquet of \"harbinger of resurgence of short stories\" in literary circles in South Asian literature and created a sensation in the previous year when he became the youngest Indian author to land an international multi-country two-book deal with a renowned publication in London , is adding a creative warmth in the freezing hills of Shimla, as he gets ready with the third launch of his debut collection of short stories, \"The Gurkha's Daughter\" in the Queen of Hills on Sunday.Parajuly, who deliberated his experiences of creative writing at the two-day Shimla literary festival, which began here on Saturday, told TOI, \"Readers and writers are present everywhere, be it a big metro or a small town. So why not a place like Shimla for book launch, may be someone gets inspired to write. Smaller towns like Shimla and my home state Sikkim are fertile grounds to re-cultivate the book reading habits and refurbish the creative streak among young minds.\"On his second visit to Shimla, Parajuly said, \"There is no dearth of talent in smaller places and Shimla has been a repository of creative element, be it drama or writing. The book launch is going to happen at the famed historic Gaiety theatre, which in itself is an epitome of drama.\" The \"Gurkha's Daughter\" has a story set in a hill station of Himachal also, in Manali, titled \"Let Sleeping Dogs Life,\" he said. \"May be, readers can find something about Shimla in his upcoming novel, which also centres around Nepali speaking people,\" Parajuly said.Asked about that the term \"Gurkha\" has come up as a heavily loaded term with several undertones, he replied, \"The book is a fictional writing and I never wrote it with this intention. If, in a way, it is dispelling the myths related to the term and is eradicating the social ills related to it, it is a positive sign. It is good that people are getting to know more about Gurkhas.\" There is also a place called \"Gurkha\" existing in Nepal , he added.After Shimla, the next place on cards for launch is Aligarh Muslim University (AMU), apart from big places like Bangalore and across the globe, including London, Sydney, Johannesburg, Cambridge and Oxford , he said. Speaking about his book of short stories that chronicles the lives of Nepali speaking diaspora across places, Parajuly said, \"I chose the topic of Nepali-speaking people as writing about a world which I knew very well and am familiar with was easy.\"Asked about the title of the book \"The Gurkha's Daughter,\" he said it has been taken from one of the short stories and was decided after much deliberation. \"Earlier, we had decided upon titles like Himalayan Sons, From Himalayas, etc. but the Gurkha title captured the essence of the collection of stories,\" he said. The response, sales and reviews of the book so far have been phenomenal and the response in Shimla before the launch too has been quite encouraging, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17633505", "title": "Pressure to close case of cop\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s son?", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators are reportedly under tremendous pressure to close a Versova accident case involving the son of a retired Punjab Police officer, so no chargesheet has been filed even eight months after the incident. While a senior Mumbai Police officer is allegedly pressurising cops to close the case, the victim claims to have received 'compensation' and is not keen on pursuing the case.Investigators are reluctant to close the case because soon after his arrest in the April incident, the accused had alleged before a magistrate that he was assaulted in custody , prompting the court to order an inquiry into it. Policemen are apprehensive that if they close the accident case after filing a summary report, then they will be at a loss for explanations during the magistrate's ongoing inquiry. A source said, \"Instead of supporting investigators in the inquiry, the senior officer is asking them to favour the accused and close the investigation, which may land them in trouble.\"In April this year, Versova police arrested Paramdeep Paramjit Sandhu (41), son of a retired inspector general of Punjab Police, for ramming his SUV into hawker Ramprakash Singh's cycle around 1.30am allegedly in an intoxicated state.Singh was returning home on his cycle when Sandhu knocked him down. After the accident, instead of helping the 33-year-old cyclist, Sandhu, who was travelling with a woman friend, reversed his Ford Endeavour, which had a Punjab number plate, and sped away, but was caught by a motorist at a nakabandi. He was taken to the police station. Sandhu allegedly abused, manhandled and threatened policemen, saying his father was a senior Punjab cop. The Versova police took him to hospital for a medical check-up . The doctors at hospital first examined Sandhu manually and when a doctor tried to take a blood test to check the alcohol level, Sandhu refused to let his blood sample be taken. The doctor's report, based on manual examination , stated Sandhu was under the influence of alcohol at the time of the accident.Police booked Sandhu under several sections, including drunk driving . But Sandhu alleged in court that police had assaulted him. Police officers said they have evidence, including video footage, against Sandhu , and want to submit it alongwith the chargesheet. \"But due to differences between junior and senior officers over the issue, no decision has been taken over filing of the chargesheet,\" a source said.Moreover, Singh recently said he got compensation through a 'saheb' . \"I didn't have any personal enmity against him (Sandhu). My only concern was to get compensation because I was unable to work for few months after the accident,\" he said. However, Versova police said they were unaware of the development and Singh can state his intention before the court, only after the chargesheet is filed.Status of the caseVersova police are yet to file a chargesheet in the case though they completed the investigation long ago. Investigators are reportedly under pressure to file a C-summary report in the case, which means the case was registered under confusion and mutually settledIPC applied in the case279 (Rash and negligent driving), 337(Causing hurt) Both are bailable sections, 353 (Assault to deter public servants from discharging their duty) A non-bailable section, the accused can receive up to two years of imprisonment.The victim backtracksRamprakash Singh was hospitalized for a few days and then recuperated at home for some months. He now maintains he received compensation from a 'saheb' and doesn't want to pursue the caseThe april incidentOn April 9, roadside vendor Ramprakash Singh was returning to his Santa Cruz home on his cycle when a drunk Paramdeep Paramjit Sandhu, driving his SUV (in pic), knocked him down around 1.30am. Sandhu sped away after the accident. A motorist helped Singh into his car and caught Sandhu after a 15-minute chase when the latter was forced to slow down at a nakabandi. The motorist dragged Sandhu out of his vehicle and helped by passersby, handed him to the cops. Sandhu was taken to the police station where he allegedly abused and manhandled several policemen. However, when produced before a court, Sandhu alleged that the police had assaulted him.Times View: Don't close genuine casesThe way the accident probe has been handled says a lot about how our police department functions. Apparently open-and-shut cases may drag on for months and years till the victim realises that a \"compromise\" is the best way out and the only substitute for justice. The ease with which the system can be manipulated has a huge negative impact on how people perceive the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632202", "title": "HC asks fake DPS trust to pay Rs 10L damages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coming down hard on a 'trust' that misused the name of Delhi Public School, the Delhi high court has asked it to pay Rs 10 lakh as damages.Justice V K Jain on Friday also barred the 'DPS Trust' from using the name 'DPS' or its registered logo as well as the name Delhi Public School for running a school or providing education-related services.The HC called the move by the fake trust in Rohini \"dishonest, actuated with greed to encash upon the brand equity which these names enjoy among the parents in this country\". \"Delhi Public Schools being high, coveted schools, parents would leave no stone unturned to admit their wards here. On account of dishonest use of the trademark and logo, some innocent and gullible parents may admit their wards in these schools and pay high fees and other charges which they would otherwise not pay, under a mistaken belief that their child is studying in one of the schools being run by the Delhi Public School Society,\" it said.HC was hearing a suit by the society that runs DPS schools and passed an ex-parte order as no one appeared on behalf of the fake institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17631006", "title": "Police, experts to probe bridge crash", "text": "KALYAN: An independent committee of experts will probe whether Friday's collapse of a portion of an under-construction rail overbridge was due to a technical snag or human error. The Mahatma Phule police have already started a probe into the matter and are awaiting experts' opinion to register an FIR against the contractor.The Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation (KDMC), which is funding the project, has said it will take strict action against the contractor. Civic chief Ramnath Sonawane said a team of KDMC officials, under the supervision of a city engineer, has already formed to probe the mishap. The team will submit its report on Monday.On Friday, around 11.30pm, a 12m slab of the bridge collapsed near the railway tracks on F cabin, injuring five people that included three workers , who along with three others were working on the bridge. The three workers, Ajgar Ali (23), Ajay Choudhary (32) and Pintya Babtya (30) suffered injuries and were taken to Rukminibai Hospital while two passersby Santosh Gole (30) and Subhash Gaikwad (32) , who also suffered serious injuries, have been admitted to Kalyan's Shree Devi Hospital.The railway overbridge, being constructed at a cost of Rs 12.78 crore will connect Kalyan (west) with Kalyan (east) to ease traffic woes. The proposal for the bridge was passed in 2002 but the work started in 2008 after Central Railway gave a go-ahead. Around 95% work has been completed by Konark Infrastructure Private Limited, which has handed over the work to Jayhind Road Builder Limited.Preliminary observations by engineers and senior KDMC officials revealed that the slab collapsed due to negligence on the part of the contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633184", "title": "Centre takes leaf out of UT's mental health model", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The government of India has selected the Chandigarh model for its community mental health project, to be developed in collaboration with the University of Melbourne, Australia. Models have been selected from Gujarat, Jharkhand, Tamil Nadu and Chandigarh.As per the model, each sector of the city will have a coordination committee of the local community mental health council (LCMHC). The council will include the representative of the sector welfare body, community based rehabilitation worker (CBRW) of the sector and one caregiver. In most cases, the effects of conflicts at home, stress and depression often go unnoticed by family and physicians.Therefore, CBRW and health volunteers will be engaged to identify the symptoms and counsel the patient to report to a primary health centre. According to a survey by the department of psychiatry, GMCH, the mental health gap treatment in the city is 50% and the model can lessen it to 25% in two years.The model has been conceptualized by Dr B S Chavan, head of the psychiatry department at the Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32. He included integration of primary health centres, district hospitals and tertiary hospitals by training ayurvedic practitioners, general practitioners, faith healers and ASHA workers.\"There was a presentation in Delhi by the ministry of health and family welfare, which selected the Chandigarh model. The Jharkhand model emphasized on tribals while the Gujarat model was based on care for the homeless suffering with mental health problems,\" said Dr Chavan.At the level of primary health centre in addition to the medical officer, a mental health professional, psychiatric social worker/nurse trained in psychiatry will be engaged to facilitate liaison between the community and PHC where Medical Officer (MO) will be in-charge of mental health services.The district hospital will have a psychiatrist to address issues related to mental illness with a provision for 10 beds to admit patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632241", "title": "Gangster killed cop at picket", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gang wars are back to haunt Delhi and even cops are not safe. In the first breakthrough into the murder of head constable Ram Kishan at the Jonti border at Kanjhawala in November, the crime branch has found that Delhi's most wanted gangster, Neetu Dabodia, had fired at him after the officer recognized Dabodia while he was fleeing to Haryana.Nobody has been arrested but police said they had also identified other key men of Dabodia who were in the car.The breakthrough came when cops arrested a key member of the gang, Sandeep alias Vicky, for involvement in the murder of sharpshooter Sonu Pandit from the rival Neeraj Bawana gang. Dabodia, Bawana - now in custody - and Sandeep Chitania, another wanted criminal in Delhi, had run a major extortion racket across north India for the past few years, operating as far as Gujarat and Jammu. The gang was further strengthened when both Dabodia and Chitania managed to flee from the Haryana police in March. However, with Bawana establishing a stranglehold in the industrial belt of Bawana, they had a fallout and Bawana left the gang with Pandit in tow.On November 25, Sandeep said, Dabodia along with his associates Paras, Alok and Kala, came to his house in a white Verna and took two loaded countrymade pistols from him. The four accused then left for Kanonda village. In the morning, Sandeep came to know about the head constable's murder. Two days later, Dabodia told him that he and Paras had shot the head constable as he was trying to frisk them physically after stopping their car at the Jonti Picket.\"The fact that Dabodia, Chitania and Paras have fled from police custody earlier this year made them more reckless,\" said additional DCP (crime) Bhism Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17631726", "title": "Party not given time in assembly, alleges Congress", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Opposition Congress on Saturday lodged a strong complaint with governor M C Bhandare over party legislators allegedly not getting adequate opportunities in the state assembly.Congress MLAs led by leader of opposition Bhupinder Singh knocked the doors of Raj Bhavan after speaker Pradip Amat rejected their pleas to have a discussion through an adjournment motion notice on the day. The adjournment being an opposition-sponsored motion, Singh fumed that the speaker was not giving due opportunity to his party colleagues to put forth their views in the House.\"It is the right of opposition to raise an important issue through an adjournment motion. Our voices are being suppressed,\" Singh said, adding, \"We were forced to take up the issue with the governor because assembly rules and practices are not being followed.\"The speaker, however, made it clear that going by assembly procedures and practices it was not imperative to take up an issue through adjournment motion every day.The Congress has been protesting against the speaker after one of its lawmakers, Santosh Singh Saluja, was suspended on December 12 from the house for seven days for accusing Amat to be siding with the ruling BJD.During Question Hour, Singh had raised the issue of the Speaker not allowing any debate through adjournment motion and his party MLAs created din. Congress members took up the matter again during Zero Hour, alleging that the ruling party was deliberately passing important legislations when the Opposition was absent from the House. \"Four Bills were passed on December 12 when we were not in the assembly,\" Singh noted.Government chief whip Pravat Tripathy echoed the speaker's views that debate through adjournment motion need not necessarily be taken up every day of the assembly session.Independent MLA Pratap Sarangi said it was important to give adequate time for discussion of Bills and wondered why the government was always in a hurry to rush through legislations. \"Haste in waste,\" he warned.Parliamentary affairs minister Kalpataru Das rubbished opposition allegations, saying: \"The quantum of time allotted for debate on bills was fixed at the house's business advisory committee meeting, where opposition representatives were taken into confidence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633450", "title": "Boy, 11, sets self afire after fight with 8-year-old sister", "text": "CHENNAI: A 11-year-old boy set himself ablaze after a fight with his eight-year-old sister at Ayanavaram on Friday evening. Though he was rushed to a hospital, he died of burn injuries later in the night.Police said Rajesh, a Class 6 student of Nadar Higher Secondary School in Ayanavaram, had an altercation with his sister Dhanushya , who also studied in the same school, after she refused to clean a puja lamp at home in the evening. The boy was to go to Sabarimala later this month.The children were on their own at the time as their parents, Ramu, 34, and Kala, 30, both construction labourers , had not returned from work. The two children came home from school together. Rajesh, who usually performed puja in the evening, found the lamp unclean. He asked Dhanushya to clean it but she refused.\"He was enraged at her behaviour. He attempted to hit her and she retaliated. They exchanged blows. Unable to bear the embarrassment , he broke down,\" said one of their relatives who witnessed the incident.Rajesh then locked himself in the house and doused himself with kerosene around 6pm. Dhanushya, who peeped through the window to see what he was doing, immediately rushed to her aunt's place just two houses away to seek help. By the time they arrived, the boy had set himself afire. Hearing his cries, the neighbours broke open the door and put out the flames. He was taken to Kilpauk Medical College Hospital where he died later in the night.The relatives and neighbours , who were in a state of shock, said they could not understand why the boy took such as extreme step. \"The two were very lovable kids. They had small fights like any other siblings. Rajesh was very understanding with his sister,\" said Shakunthala , a relative. The Ayanavaram police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "paul ohia abuja", "code": "17631571", "title": "Nigerian governor, officials die in copter crash", "text": "PAUL OHIA ABUJA: A governor of Nigerian state and a former National Security Adviser were among several people killed when a helicopter carrying government officials crashed in the country's southern delta region today.The chopper was conveying officials who went for a funeral ceremony for the father of a presidential aide.The Governor of Nigeria's northern state of Kaduna, Patrick Yakowa, former National Security Adviser, Andrew Azazi and some of their aides died in the crash.\"Their bodies have been recovered and are being evacuated,\" an aide to Azazi was quoted by local media, News Express as saying.Recently a chopper flown by the governor of Taraba state, had crashed, injuring him and three aides.Sources said the military helicopter conveying Yakowa and others was heading to the city of Port Harcourt from Bayelsa State capital, Yenagoa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "koriyama (fukushima)", "code": "17632108", "title": "Interaction key to end Kudankulam-like stir: IAEA chief", "text": "KORIYAMA (FUKUSHIMA): UN nuclear watchdog IAEA chief Yukiya Amano on Saturday called for 'better communication and higher transparency' in dealing with Kudankulam-like protests. Even as he sought to distance himself from both sides \u00e2\u20ac\u201d protesters as well as votaries of nuclear power \u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe director-general said that the issue of spent N-fuel, which is at the core of protests in India, was one of the lessons the world learnt from the accident at Fukushima Daiichi N-plant in Japan last year.Amano was talking exclusively to TOI here on the sidelines of the Fukushima ministerial conference that saw many smaller countries pleading for nuclear power generation to deal with rising fossil fuel prices and climate change issues. The conference, which was presided over by Japanese foreign minister Koichiro Gemba, was held to strengthen N- safety worldwide.\"I don't have any particular comment on opposition to nuclear power anywhere, or those who support it, but if I can give a recommendation, we need to share both good news and bad news to be able to get a better understanding of the problem,\" he told TOI, replying to a query about protests in India that have delayed the commissioning of the first unit at Kudankulam.\"Communication is one of the areas where we need to improve and IAEA has been organizing meetings of global experts to look into this. We have to explain complicated things in a simple manner and it is only through better communication and higher transparency that we can achieve this,\" he added.Amano admitted that the safety aspect of the spent N-fuel was a very important issue. The government's 'success' in acquiring reprocessing rights from Russia has become a millstone around its neck as this prevents it from sending the spent or used fuel back to Russia. The government painstakingly maintains that it considers spent fuel an asset that is used to produce electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17631263", "title": "60 companies likely to hire IIM-Ranchi graduates this year", "text": "RANCHI: As many as 60 companies have confirmed their participation for the campus placement at Indian Institute of Management, Ranchi in January. The placement committee of the B-school hopes to cross last year's highest international and domestic offers made to the students.Deepak Chaturvedi, a member of the placement committee of the institute, said, \"About 60 companies have confirmed their participation this year. The performance of IIM-Ranchi during last year's placement was above expectations. We expect it to be extraordinary this time,\" said Chaturvedi. The first Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM) batch (2010-12) of IIM-R had got three international offers, the highest being Rs 24 lakh (cash components) to two students. The highest domestic salary of Rs 23 lakh per annum was offered by a financial services firm to two students.The placement committee of the premier institute is in touch with the companies which have proposed to visit the IIM-R campus.M J Xavier, director of IIM-Ranchi, said the institute was getting a good response from companies which were willing to hire students this year. The number of companies which would come for recruitment would be higher than last year's.The first PGDM batch from IIM-R (2010-12) had multiple choices. The process of placement had witnessed participation from 30 companies who offered 43 students 65 jobs as some got more than one offer. A total of 39 companies had confirmed their participation in the placement process. Of the total 30 companies, several had hired more than their planned intake.The current PGDM batch (2011-13) has a total of 67 students who are specialized in various streams like finance , marketing and human resources. According to the details available with IIM-Ranchi official website, 26 students have more than two years of experience, nine students have less than two years of experience while eight students have less than one year of experience. Twenty-four students in the same batch have no work experience.Despite the economy was facing tough situation, the average domestic salary offered to students (2010-12 batch) was a whopping Rs 12.97 lakh. The average salary offered to the students was Rs 13.60 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17632997", "title": "2 alumni reunions on a day keep Trichy alive", "text": "TRICHY: Affirming Trichy's reputation as an education hub for over a century, it was a pleasant coincidence as the high profile alumni of both the Jesuits-run St Joseph's College and the Central government-run erstwhile Regional Engineering College (now re-modeled as National Institute of Technology, Trichy) came together on Saturday in separate functions to exchange nostalgic moments, something they would cherish a lifetime.\"It was after 40 long years we are meeting for the first time,\" enthused Trichy's well-known engineer Kanaga Sabapathy, one of the 250 students of the fourth batch of REC in 1972. The alumni decided to celebrate the 40th anniversary of their graduation through what they called a mega meet, especially to honour their then principal P S Manisundaram, now 75 years of age, who had the honour of becoming the first vice-chancellor of Bharathidasan University (1982-85). P S Manisundaram now lives in Chennai.Interestingly, 1972 batch of the REC, more famously known as 72 NUTS, were brought together under one umbrella \"RECT Silver 72 Educational Trust\" by its chairman S Gopal Iyer who said it was thanks to the electronic media and communication breakthrough. The trust did celebrate their silver jubilee of graduation in 1997, but then it was not as nostalgic as it is today, said Iyer. Of the 250 students, 24 passed away in the meanwhile, and 75 were from Tamil Nadu of which 15 were from Trichy itself. It was also an occasion to honour 12 of their teachers such as Janakarajan who today runs a polytechnic, Shanmughanathan, the director of J J College, and Sampath, a retired teacher. Around 61 students have settled all over the globe. For instance, Chocko Kurian had come from USA, Clement Samuel from the Gulf, Suresh Kirti from Singapore and the list goes on. But all of them are in the age group of 61 and were happy to see life from greener pastures which made all the difference. They thanked their teachers for the service they rendered in making their lives a success.The St Joseph's Alumni Association on the contrary had chosen to honour 35 of its illustrious students including Murugesan, retired judge of the Madras high court who did his B A (Economics) at St Joseph before migrating to Madras Law College. A son of Karur soil, he was elevated to the Madras high court in 2005 and retired five years later. Murugesan, now appointed educational advisor to the Government of Puducherry, did the honours to all the 35 alumni, seven of them specially recognized for their outstanding achievements in their chosen field. They were: M Subramanian, an educationist, Dr K Chinnappan, a professor at Thanjavur Tamil University, Prof G Balakrishnan, a former vice-principal of St Joseph's and a well-known quizmaster, Major M Aravandi who did his BA Honours in 1956-59 and who had the honour of dining with Indira Gandhi; Dr S Samimuthu the first layman vice-principal of the college, Prof S Anbanandan, an eminent sportsperson (hammer throw), who did his MA (Economics) in 1968, and Dr G Francis Xavier, an eminent scholar with two masters degrees and a doctorate that won him a gold medal. Francis Xavier, however, could not make it to the function.Normally, Josephites, as they are famously known, meet on the second Saturday of every March, but this year for some reason they postponed it to this day coinciding with the alumni meet of REC at Sangam Hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17633266", "title": "A marriage ceremony adorned with simplicity", "text": "LUDHIANA: Satinder Malik and Kripal Singh of Sarabha Nagar led by example when they welcomed their daughter-in-law Loveleen Kaur to their family in a simple wedding ceremony without taking any \"gifts\" from her family on Saturday.For Amandeep Singh, 24, the groom who is as an engineer with a private firm, not taking a single penny from the bride's family was a priority. He married Loveleen, 23, at Gurdwara Singh Sabha in Sarabha Nagar. Over 300 friends and family members came to bless the noble wedding. | The noble thought is a gift to Amandeep from his parents, particularly his father Kirpal, who married Satinder 25 years ago in a similar manner without asking for a single gift from Amandeep's maternal grandparents. \"Following our marriage, which was a simple family affair, our son decided to get married according this tradition of our family. We organized a 'kirtan' before the wedding ceremony, which was followed by a 'langar',\" said Satinder, 45, who teaches at a private school.His son's marriage will set an example for those who know them, feels Kirpal, 50, a retired banker. \"Parents need to understand that it is up to them to abolish the evil of dowry. We hope our efforts bring a change and people do not deal with marriages as a business,\" he said.The cultural flavour in Amandeep's marriage was added by a performance of Punjabi martial art form \"gatka\". His in-laws Seema, 49, and Gurdeep, 54, who reside in Madhya Pradesh, said it was a proud and happy moment to get their daughter married in such a simple yet blissful manner.Aggar Nagar resident and a close family friend Jagjit Bhuller, 46, said he is delighted to know such families who still believe that marriages are sacred bonds and not business deals. \"It was great wedding; we enjoyed the 'langar', 'gatka' and the music. There was no wedding card printed, no 'shagun', no 'seharabandi' and yet, the marriage was beautifully adorned with simplicity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17632877", "title": "Protests against promotion quota bill continue", "text": "KANPUR: State government employees from various departments continued their protest against reservation in promotion bill on Saturday. At several government offices, demonstrations were staged against the central government and BSP Supremo Mayawati who is backing the bill.Kesco engineers and other staff posted at the head office in Civil Lines boycotted work and participated in a dharna. They raised slogans against the bill and termed the reservation in promotion an attack on the right to equality. The angry workers moved from one department to another and ensured that no work happened on the day.Those who participated in the dharna included Ankur Verma, Vishu Avtar Pandey, Rakesh Bajpai, Dilshad Ali, and Ajit Rajput, among others. While work was affected, it being the head office where there isn't much public dealing, power consumers were not affected at a large scale. Manish Gupta, zonal secretary, Abhiyanta Sangh said the protests will continue.A similar protest was also lodged by employees of Kanpur Development Authority (KDA). The agitated protestors said the quota bill will make their juniors become their seniors without merit, and said this is a pre-planned attack on equality. The protest was held under the banner of UP Vikas Pradhikaran Karamchari Sayukt Sangh. More and more KDA employees joined the protest as the day progressed, affecting people who came to KDA for their work.The staff of Public Works Department (PWD) also staged an agitation against the quota bill, and said this step would widen the gap between the upper castes and the SC/STs, instead of bridging it. The PWD workers were dismayed in particular with political parties like BSP and BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17630558", "title": "India annihilate Pakistan to retain Kabaddi World Cup title", "text": "LUDHIANA: Indian men's kabaddi team put in a stellar performance as they literally thrashed archrivals Pakistan 59-22 in the finals of the 3rd Kabaddi World Cup, to retain their title at the Guru Nanak stadium, here on Saturday.The Indian boys led by Sukhbir Sarwan brought their A-game in the final match and didn't allow their opponents to settle and put the green brigade under the coch right from the word go.Such was India's dominance that the Indian team didn't allow the Pakistani team to score even a single point in the first 15 minutes of the match. India raced onto a 9-0 lead and only after that did Pakistan open their scoring.It seemed that the Pakistani team was somewhat nervous in the opening minutes of the encounter as the Indians took full advantage of their indecisiveness.Indian captain Sukhbir Sarwan was in top-notch form as India led the first quarter by 18-2, in which most points were scored by the skipper himself. By the interval, India was infront by 33-9.The second quarter of the first half saw India score 15 points while Pakistan did improve marginally to score 7 points, but, India dominated the opening half thoroughly.After a brief interval, the second half had both teams fight tooth and nail, as Pakistan showed a much improved performance.The first quarter of the second half saw Pakistan score 6 points but India managed 14 points and consolidated their lead to 47-15, by the end of the first quarter of the second half.The second quarter of the second half was once again a close affair as India scored 12 points and played safe, while Pakistan scored 7 points. Finally, the men's team emerged victorious by a margin of 59-22.The first half score was 33-9, while the second half score was 26-13 in favour of the Indian team.The Indian team got richer by handsome prize money of Rs 2 crore, which was more than double that they got in the second edition of the Kabbadi World Cup whereas the Pakistani team got Rs 1 crore for bagging the runners-up position.The Canadian team which finished third got Rs 51 lakhs for their feat. The 15-day long tournament saw 16 nations participating and has propelled Kabaddi onto the international map as it won't be long that the game might be included in Olympics too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631467", "title": "CM plans to turn city's slums into housing societies", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking a break from the winter session, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan dedicated the entire Saturday to review projects and problems related to the city. The CM held marathon meeting with secretaries and heads of various departments from 12 noon to 10pm.Sources told TOI that the CM started review meeting with issues related to MIHAN, MADC and Airport. \"NMC and NIT issues were discussed at length. Chavan took point to point information on letters written to him by AICC general secretary and city MP Vilas Muttemwar and leader of opposition at NMC Vikas Thakre. He also held meetings to discuss issues raised by city's four MLAs Devendra Fadnavis, Krishna Khopde, Sudhakar Deshmukh and Vikas Kumbhare. Principal secretary of urban development Shrikant Singh gave information about the issues raised by Muttemwar and Thakre. Chavan also gave some orders in few issues,\" sources said.Singh held a review meeting with the NMC officials in the morning at the NMC to prepare for the CM's meeting.Sources added that Chavan asked the NMC, NIT and housing department to select a few slums of the total 424 situated in the city. \"Chavan was of the opinion that the development of slums may not be possible only by distributing ownership rights to slum-dwellers. The CM directed officials to prepare models on the slums aiming overall development. A decision was taken to plan housing societies at the slum areas to facilitate pucca houses, roads, drainage and sewage system and other civic amenities to the slum-dwellers,\" the sources said.Chavan also took review of Ram Jhula. \"Officials informed that the decision to bear escalated cost by MSRDC and State government was taken. Work at the railway overbridge has been resumed and will be completed in revised deadline,\" a senior official said.It is learnt that Chavan will now held meetings with Muttemwar, BJP MLAs, Congress corporators and mayor Anil Sole along with ruling party leaders to convey decisions taken on their proposals and issues in the next week.Chavan also held a meeting with vice-chancellor of RTMNU Vilas Sapkal at the end of the day.Chavan ensured the meeting of just officials. No ministers, corporators or other office bearers were invited for the meeting. Even, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe and EGS minister Nitin Raut were not present.It will be interesting to learn the decisions taken by the CM on demand from the Congress corporators for enquiry on various scams unearthed at the NMC especially in JNNURM projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17633067", "title": "Change mindset to deal with crime against women: CJI", "text": "AMRITSAR: Taking serious note of increasing cases of crime against women, Chief Justice of India Justice Altamas Kabir said that people's mindset had to change to deal with violence and injustice against women. People are taking crime against women very casually, he said.Kabir was here on Saturday to lay the foundation stone of new building of Khalsa College of Law (KCL). He, along with the other senior Supreme Court judge Justice D K Jain and chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, chief justice of Punjab and Haryana high court Justice A K Sikri, inaugurated the legal aid clinic at the Khalsa College.Speaking on the issue of backlog of cases, he said many cases keep dragging on because of slow pace of police investigations. \"If we improve the investigation part by police and make mechanisms for out of court mutual settlements, we will see a huge improvement,'' he said. Later, he also addressed a seminar on \"Protection of Rights of Children, Women and Senior Citizen\", organized by Punjab Legal Services Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17631978", "title": "Government launches project to eradicate non-communicable diseases", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government is now emphasizing on eradication of non-communicable diseases by initiating a national programme to control diabetes, cancer and cardiovascular stroke , and healthcare of the elderly in rural areas.The director of health services, Dhurbjyoti Hojai, said, \"The programme has already been introduced by the Centre. It was introduced as a pilot project in Dibrugarh, Jorhat, Sivasagar, Lakhimpur and Kamrup districts. The state government is now planning to take the programme to all districts of the state.\"He added that identification, treatment and awareness on cardiology, stroke, hypertension and mental illness will be carried out under the non-communicable disease programme.\"We carried out a survey to find out how many people in the state are suffering from non-communicable diseases. Through the survey, we found that approximately 25 to 30 per cent people are suffering from diseases such as diabetes, hypertension and mental illness,\" Hojai said.The health services director said communicable diseases such as malaria , dengue, tuberculosis , and diarrhea can be controlled within a short time, but controlling non-communicable diseases is a big challenge.\"The survey revealed that most people these days suffer from diabetes and this disease is not confined to urban areas, but the rural population too. Diabetes causes cardio-vascular diseases and renal failures. If we can identify the patients in the early stages, we can prevent this complication,\" he added.There are a total of 5,000 sub-centres working on this project in the state. Altogether, 2,000 people have already been appointed to these sub-centres and now another 200 will be appointed except in the sixth schedule areas. In sixth schedule areas such as BTC, Karbi Anglong and Dima Hasao, a total of 100 people will be appointed, he said.\"This service will mainly benefit the people living in the rural areas. Awareness and health check-up camps will be organized and people diagnosed with these diseases will be given drugs free-of-cost. Moreover, the government is thinking of launching tele-medicine. Tele-medicine is important for people especially in backward areas,\" Hojai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17631076", "title": "Of warm bun maska, spicy baida curry and Scotch broth", "text": "MUMBAI: The recent reopening of an iconic cafe in South Mumbai had us put the nostalgia broth on the front burner. In a city where fickle tastebuds, combined with an equally fickle hospitality industry, have together ensured the expiration of several old favourites, the broth, as you can imagine, had many takers.Cartoonist Hemant Morparia finds that places with character are increasingly rare. \"Either one has to endure global levels of standardisation with places like Starbucks. Or then you have places where you have to pay an arm and a leg. Both these options are unpalatable. It makes more sense to have friends over for food,\" he says.Morparia's list of old Mumbai favourites includes, Cafe Naaz, Malabar Hill and Brabourne Restaurant, Dhobi Talao. He elaborates, \"Naaz was a part of the city's topography. It had character and it was accessible. These days you're enclosed everywhere you go, Naaz was open and how. That view from Naaz was unparalleled. Brabourne, owned by film critic Rashid Irani, also made for an interesting visit. You could either hobnob with a local drunkard or talk with films with Irani.\"Film-maker Saeed Mirza who currently shuttles between Mumbai and Goa, recalls, \"Over the years I've seen a lot of places go away. Even now, I remember Gourdon very fondly; it used be in the vicinity of Gaylord Restaurant. I had many long conversations with Vijay Tendulkar there.\" Mirza also cites Wayside Inn at Kala Ghoda and Pyrkes at Flora Fountain as old favourites that are no longer around. He adds wistfully, \"There's a lot in this city I'd like to see revived.\"Actor, writer and director Makrand Deshpande speaks fondly of the unostentatious Cafe Mailoo, a former theatre adda. He says, \"It hasn't really shut down but it has changed a great deal. It used to be open to the road and humble. Now they've taken all the charm out of it and put in an air-conditioner instead. It feels so closed; nothing of the old place survives.\"While the baida curry at Mailoo was a huge hit, the waiter who took the orders is memorable too. Deshpande remarks, \"This straight-faced muchhad guy in long pyjamas would walk around taking our orders. We would go there whenever we through with a rehearsal or a performance. Mailoo remained open till 1.30 pm and was always busy with people from the Gujarati, Hindi and Marathi theatre scene.\" When asked about the missing English theatrewallas, Deshpande laughs and responds, \"Vile Parle (East) was not their scene, yaar.\"Mailoo's proximity to Dinanath Mangeshkar Natya Griha and Bhaidas Hall worked in its favour. Discussing the atmosphere Deshpande states, \"Theatre professionals and amateurs were there in equal numbers. Bumping into theatre biggies was also not out of the ordinary. Recently someone suggested we go there for old times' sake and I refused because it's just not the same any more.\"Riyaaz Amlani, CEO and MD, Impresario Entertainment and Hospitality, which owns Salt Water Cafe and the Mocha chain of coffee shops, wouldn't mind seeing The Wayside Inn and Bastani and Co, Dhobi Talao, get resurrected. He says, \"Wayside Inn had so much history; Dr Ambedkar drafted our Constitution there; surely that accounts for something. I also miss bun maska at Bastani.\"Incidentally Amlani's Mocha lists bun maska on its menu but it doesn't have the notice board from Bastani. Like all Irani cafes, the notice urged patrons of the legendary eatery to not smoke, not fight, not spit, not talk loudly and the like. The notice board at Bastani caught poet Nissim Ezekiel's attention and he wrote a poem on it. While Bastani was a favourite of Ezekiel, The Wayside Inn is invoked in Arun Kolatkar's Kala Ghoda Poems. Poets have long since stopped dedicating entire poems to Mumbai's cafes and with good reason too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17631591", "title": "Pandit Ravi Shankar: A performer, a guru, an inspiration", "text": "THE MANI need not say that Pt Ravi Shankar was an exceptional person. An icon of creative music, an ambassador of Indian culture to the world, he was an inspiration to countless numbers, not just as a composer and performer but also as a teacher - and that, not only to me. Guruji's prolific output of creative excellence across borders, traditions and idioms earned him the title of 'The Godfather of World Music'. However, beyond these, he was a remarkable human being - refined, generous, humble.If one could spend a while with him, there was always something to learn. During the breaks in music sessions or hanging out with his disciples, he would pop up questions on history and culture or give a riddle to solve. They weren't just fun, they enhanced our knowledge and broadened our horizon.When my sister and I landed in Delhi for taleem, he took us to Debendra Shankar's wife Krishna's house in Lake Square. He introduced her as the \"Adi-o-akritrim boudi\" of the Shankar household, being the only one chosen by their mother in true traditional style! The other brothers - Uday, Rajendra and Ravi - all married women of their choice.Shejo Jethima, an excellent cook, was very loving to all his disciples. Apart from her, there was another member in the house: Rana, a cocker spaniel. He was Guruji's first wife Annapurna Devi's pet. When she returned to Kolkata following the split, Rana was left behind in Shejo Jethima's care. Annapurna Devi would, in her letters to son Subhendra (Subho), ask him to love Rana on her behalf.Guruji, a khadya rasik (gastronome), loved posto-chochchori, gurjali maachher jhol, tatka pona, ilish bhaja, palong-shaak ghonto laced with bori. At times he could not resist having a fried fish too many and would then gulp down digestives to stay in shape. All that ended when he married Sukanya: he too turned a vegetarian in his twilight years.Panditji was an extremely generous man. He got his student Jamaluddin treated for tuberculosis. He always extended monetary help to relatives. He never said no to free recitals if he was convinced of the cause.There's only one thing I was sore with Guruji about: Subho. He was like a brother to me, so I find it difficult to accept that the son of one of the wealthiest Indian musicians should die unattended in a charitable hospital - and not have his father perform the last rites.THE GURUOne day during our taleem in Banaras, he took us to Kashi Vishwanath temple. In a sudden burst of inspiration, he composed a melody, gave sur (notes) and sang it on the spot. Four decades have gone by but I vividly remember the Bhairavi composition...Hara Hara Hara Mahadeva/ Trishula, damaru dhariAdinatha, Chandranatha / Maheshwara, TripurariGangadhara, Trilochana/ Bamadeva, PhanabehariShankara Sribhootanatha/ Ayo sharana tehariWe marveled at how easily he'd composed a song that encapsulated the varied names of Lord Shiva. Guruji was extremely well read and was up-to-date on the latest books on Indian history and culture.Among the many ragas he created, Parameshwari, Mateshwari, Jogeshwari and Gangeshwari were the most well received. What was so special about them? Their correctness in terms of the principal notes, the less important notes and systematic upward and downward movements. They were not mere juxtaposition of notes. Tilak Shyam, for instance, was a judicious combination of the distinctive features of Tilak Kamod and Shyam Kalyan.When Gandhiji was assassinated in 1948, Guruji was the national conductor at Akashvani. With Gandhiji's death wearing heavy on him, he entered the studio. Suddenly he picked up the sitar and started to play a raga he'd spontaneously composed. The announcer in the next room, being clueless about it, parted the door and gesticulated to know the raga's name. \"Mohan Kauns,\" Guruji spelt out. Even at the spur of the moment he had innovated on the ancient Hindustani raga Malkauns, and created a raga dedicated to Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi.He also composed delightfully romantic ragas like Rasiya that evokes love and joy in the listener. When he played it at a festival in Russia , the audience was overwhelmed. They thought he had created a raga to celebrate the deep bonds of friendship between India and Russia. We had a hearty laugh but never revealed to them what Rasiya really meant.Guruji's musical quest did not end with mastering Hindustani ragas from Baba Allauddin Khan. His immense thirst for knowledge made him the versatile maestro who scaled unprecedented heights. He learnt Carnatic music from its exponents to master its rhythm and intricate calculation. While Hindustani music has 10 thaats or fundamental musical scale, Carnatic music has 72 melakartas that are equivalent of thaat. He then introduced the Carnatic layakari into his music. His repertoire increased manifold and he could create magic like no other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17631464", "title": "A long-term plan to foil medicine fair pricing", "text": "KOLKATA: The state's effort to set up 24-hour fair-price medicine shops seems to have stirred a hornet's nest.A TOI probe revealed that junior doctors at the M R Bangur Hospital, the nodal hospital in South 24-Parganas, were threatened regularly by the touts, who feared that the government move would stop them from making fast money. And the threats were part of the plan, hatched by the touts, medicine shop and path-lab owners, well in advance to scuttle government's effort.A junior doctor, on condition of anonymity, told TOI that he was approached by the touts thrice and intimidated not to prescribe medicines from the fair-price outlets. He was told to send patients to their shops and pathological samples to some particular path-labs and threatened with dire consequences. The touts also threatened the doctor of dire consequences if he failed to follow their diktat.\"I had received a threat call on my mobile. The calls were made on December 6 and 7, as the day to inaugurate fair-price medicine shops and path-labs came close,\" said another doctor.Police officials said that they were probing into it. An investigating team, led by assistant commissioner Subrata Bose, met the superintendent of the hospital on Saturday. A case of criminal intimidation under IPC section 506 has been started. \"The accused have surrendered before the court on Saturday and obtained anticipatory bail. But we will interrogate them,\" said deputy commissioner (Jadavpur) Sujay Chandra.According to hospital super Santosh Roy, junior doctors were the targets since bulk of the medicines prescribed at the first level are by the junior doctors only. \"They are the first screening agents for patients. The miscreants thought they would give in easily since they are new in the hospital. But these doctors were brave enough to come to me to lodge the complaint,\" added Roy. He, later, lodged an official complaint with Jadavpur police station. The accused named in the FIR are Nathu, Ramu and Buddha who, according to police, are touts-cum-employees of private diagnostic centres and medicine shops.On December 11, local MLA and housing minister Arup Biswas inaugurated the medicine shop and path-lab, marking the beginning of a new era of giving relief to patient partiesas far as price of the medicines and reliability of laboratory reports are concerned. \"The medicines sold from our fair-price counters are straightaway 54% less than its market price. The cost for pathological tests are also 50% lower than the tests done outside the hospital,\" said M R Bangur Hospital medical superintendent Santosh Roy.Such a discount has raised a question on the sustenance of the shops and path-labs outside the hospital. who so far have minted money.During the dengue outbreak, each of these labs fleeced patient parties by demanding anything between Rs 2,000 to 6,000 for a single test. Unsuspecting patient-party just succumbed to their pressure-tactics.\"Now, it will be difficult for them to take the patient parties for a ride,\" said Roy.ToI, on Saturday, visited a couple of such shady labs and found hardly any facility for carrying out key tests. One of the lab operators, however, held the doctors of the hospitals responsible for a nexus. More than 50% of a pathological bill goes to the doctor, who refers the patient to the path-lab.The touts, attached with these shops and path-labs, flock the M R Bangur Hospital on a regular basis and influence the doctors to send patients to particular shops and labs. They do the liaisoning with the doctor for sending patients to their shops or labs.They often target patient parties from far off places in South 24-Parganas and assure them of good price for both medicines and lab tests. \"But eventually, the patient parties lose everything. They pay hefty price for the medicines and tests with the latter often turning out to be unreliable,\" said Roy.The threat was only a part of the design to scuttle the chief minister's pet project of running fair-price shops, fair price pathological laboratory and 24-hour CT scan system. While the fair price shop and path-lab are already in place, the CT scan will be in place within a month.The tout-racket is behind the threats issued to the doctors at M R Bangur Hospital, the nodal hospital in South 24 Parganas district. The touts play the bridge between medicine shops, pathological laboratory and patient party. ToI probe revealed that well before the setting up of 24-hour fair price medicine shops and 24-hour fair price pathological laboratory, the touts, medicine shop owners and path-lab operators conjointly hatched a conspiracy to scuttle the state government's effort which would stop them minting money.ToI investigation also revealed that not once, but thrice junior doctors of the hospital were approached at their hostel in the hospital complex by local thugs and threatened them with dire consequences, if they failed to send patient-parties to their medicine shops and pathological samples to some specific pathological labs. One of the junior doctors even told ToI that he had received threat call on his mobile phone. Significantly, all these threats were issued on December 6 and 7, three-four days before the fair-price medicine shops and pathological labs were inaugurated.One of the threats was pretty serious. \"One of the miscreants came to me dangerously to say that my time has come to an end. Next time, my hands and legs will be broken into pieces, if we failed to follow their dictat,\" said another junior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635175", "title": "Credit goes to Salman for the 'Pon Pon' song: Shabbir", "text": "Lyricist Shabbir Ahmad , is happy with the appreciation song 'Pon Pon' from the film 'Son of Sardar' received . \"More than three lakh clicks on the net the song got in one day was certainly great encouragement for me as a writer but I would like to give all credit to Salman (Khan) Bhai who has coined the word. In fact we wanted to use this in 'Bodyguard' but things did not work out . Very few people know that he takes great interest in the music of his films since he himself is a keen writer,\" says the lyricist quite in awe.This reverence for the actor is not a recent one, with both of teaming up for projects like Wanted , Bodyguard but dates back to the struggling days of the lyricist. \"I was without work for ten years and had almost lost hope but then I met him who introduced me to Shah Rukh Khan and I wrote for Kaal and rest is history. For a new comer like me it was a gesture which remains close to my heart and that reflects in our professional association,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "17633647", "title": "How Dediapada recorded 88% turnout", "text": "BHARUCH: Travelling to the villages of Dediapada, a remote tribal region nestled among forests and hills, is a tough task. TV sets are few and far between and so are mobile phones. Newspapers are too much to ask for. Ironically, even with all these limitations, Dediapada registered the highest voter turnout in the first phase, 88.31%. One village, Duthar, even had a 100% turnout.The Election Commission (EC) went all out to increase voting this time even as communication was one of the biggest challenges in Dediapada. Milind Torawane, district election officer told TOI: \"It was a mammoth task. All of Dediapada taluka is forests and hills. Language is also a barrier as people here speak a traditional tribal language.\"Torwane said communication tools like electronic and print media, hoardings, mass awareness rallies and other means were not possible here. \"We had limited options like one-to-one communication and to reach out to the senior-most and respected person of a village to promote voter participation, and it worked,\" said Torawane.According to Torwane, naming 117-year-old Kathudia Dada brand ambassador for voting worked wonders in these areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17632525", "title": "Man booked for duping bank of Rs 20 lakh", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR citing charges of cheating and fraud has been filed against a man for allegedly taking a bank loan of Rs 20 lakh by producing a forged sale deed of a piece of land and other fake documents.N K Dhawan, branch manager of the Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC), located near Gurgaon bus stand, has filed a complaint with the city police stating that Satish Kumar, a resident of Ardee City, had taken a loan of Rs 20 lakh from the branch in lieu of a plot. Once the loan amount was sanctioned, the bank found out that the documents Kumar had submitted to secure the loan, including the sale deed of the plot, were all forged.Following the complaint, police assigned the inquiry of the case to the economic offences wing (EOW). The EOW officials verified the claim that the suspect had indeed cheated the bank by producing forged papers/sale deed of the plot. On the recommendation of the EOW, the city police have lodged an FIR against Satish Kumar under Sections 420, 467, 468, 471 and 120b of the IPC.\"We are investigating the matter,\" said Rajendra Singh, SHO, city police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17637270", "title": "Ram\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Ongole Gitta to release in Jan", "text": "The release of Ram-starrer Ongole Gitta is now pushed to January 2013. Initially, the film was planned for release in December but now has been pushed back deu to production delays. Ram has revealed this on his micro blogging account and the audio will be in last week of December. \"As for #Ongolegitha its been pushed to Jan...our perfectionist Director and Producer together are \"Chekkifying\" the film.. ;) \"(sic).Recently, the first look of the film has been released and has got good response. Kriti Kharbanda is sharing the screen space with Ram in this action romance film directed by 'Bommarillu' fame Bhaskar. GV Prakash is scoring the music for the film, which is produced by BVSN Prasad under Sri Venkateswara Cine Chitra India Pvt Ltd banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635557", "title": "Gautham Menon and Jiiva argue", "text": "Neethane Ponvasantham might have hit screens without any hiccups, but before the crew began the shoot for the film, there was a small tiff between the director and lead actor of the film.While Jiiva was sure that he would be working with director Gautham Menon, he was not convinced with Gautham's idea of working in a 'local' film like Siva Manasula Sakthi (SMS) . Jiiva's SMS had made him a hot property in the market.But Jiiva instead, maintained that Gautham Menon should work in a stylish and modern subject, like Vinnaithaandi Varuvaya as the director too is known for such films. That's when Gautham came up with the idea for Neethane En Ponvasantham (NEP) and the shoot started rolling. The film's music is topping the charts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632300", "title": "Chadha case: Gurdwara chief defends Yusuf, Arvinder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee president Paramjit Singh Sarna on Saturday defended urban development minister Arvinder Singh and power minister Harun Yusuf over the controversy that they had close links with Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep who were killed in a shootout last month.\"Arvinder Singh and Harun Yusuf have said that the Chadha family was known to them. So what is wrong with that?\" Sarna said. Sarna is the father-in-law of Hardeep Chadha.Sarna dismissed allegations that Arvinder Singh showed favour to Ponty and allotted him the cluster bus contract. \"The cluster bus contract was given through a tender and not allotted by a minister... So, those questioning the tender must find proof of violations first,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jaipur/bikaner/alwar/jodhpur", "code": "17632504", "title": "Free medicine scheme a life saver, say patients", "text": "JAIPUR/BIKANER/ALWAR/JODHPUR: Fifty-year-old Mukesh Sharma, a resident of Sodala, who suffered heart attack on December 1, claimed that free medicine scheme has saved his medicine expenses and his life. Since its introduction the free medicine scheme has proved fruitful to 7 crore patients who had visited government hospitals, community health centres and dispensaries. Sharma who works as a vendor selling 'paani-poori' was in hospital for seven days, his family was happy to see him safe and sound again and that too without paying much for the medical expenses.Sharing his experience, Sharma, told TOI on Saturday, \"Out of the total medicines prescribed, two were not available at the drug distribution centre (DDC). The majority of the drugs were available for free and I just had to pay Rs 250 for the drugs not available.\"Similarly, a resident of Dausa, Rambabu Gupta said that he came to SMS hospital as he was suffering from respiratory illness. Gupta said, \"I got all the medicines free from the SMS hospital's DDC.\" Bikaner Sahkari Upbhokta Wholesale Bhandar chairman Surendra Kumar Vyas said the annual report for the year 2010-11 showed that the sale of medicines through its shops have decreased a lot due to free medicine scheme.But, it is also seen that since the demand for free medicine has increased, it has posed a challenge to the health department authorities to keep all the medicines available all the time for free distribution. Jodhpur has recorded a 40% increase in patients in the hospital outdoor departments after the free medicine scheme was launched.S N Medical College principal and controller Dr Arvind Mathur said an additional budget of Rs15 lakh has been sanctioned for the medicines to be purchased from the market in case of shortage in the free medicine counters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17637220", "title": "Burton wants to create maternity wear for Kate", "text": "Fashion designer Sarah Burton wants to create maternity wear for the Duchess of Cambridge, whose wedding gown she had designed .The acclaimed designer, who created the wedding dress for Middleton's nuptials to Prince William in April 2011, hopes to be asked to create a new wardrobe for the royal, following the recent announcement she is expecting her first child, reports femalefirst.co.uk .Asked if she would be making any maternity clothes for the royal, Burton, who is due to give birth to twins in February, laughed and said: \"I hope I will be.\"Burton admits being asked to work on the wedding gown for Middleton, was a big surprise.\"It came completely out of the blue, it was very exciting and I felt very privileged,\" she said, adding that it is a \"huge highlight\" of her career .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "karimnagar", "code": "17636125", "title": "Debt-ridden man commits suicide", "text": "KARIMNAGAR: A debt-ridden weaver allegedly committed suicide in Karimnagar district, police said today.Goli Yadagiri(55), a weaver from Mandepalli urban colony in Sircilla town, 40km from here, had borrowed money from private lenders for the marriage of his daughter.However, after failing to clear the debt, he took the extreme step and hung himself from the ceiling fan in his house last night, police said.A case has been registered and the the body has been sent for postmortem to Sircilla Government hospital, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17633545", "title": "Alina didn't have good relations with stepsons", "text": "PATNA: The Saturday morning broke with shock and surprise for the residents of Road No. 0 of Indrapuri as Alina Singh and her two daughters, Sonalika and Purnima were found killed at their house.The one-storied white house with two rooms was sealed from inside by the police. The top brass of Patna police, including Patna IG B Srinivasan, reached the spot along with a team of Forensic Science Laboratory, photographers and a dog squad. Only Kamali, the eldest daughter of Alina and Gopal Saran Singh, her husband Ajit Kumar , her mother-in-law and a businessman were allowed to enter the house.Kunal Prasad, a neighbour of Singhs, said, \"This house is one of the oldest in Indrapuri area. Gopalji has been living here since 1980. When his first wife expired, he married Alina who belonged to Katihar. Singh has two sons, Rinku and Chintu, from his first marriage while he had three daughters from his second marriage.\"According to the neighbours, Singh is a good neighbour and was always ready to help others. But he never allowed his wife and daughters to go out and mix with others.A senior police official, who did not wish to be quoted, said, \"Rinku and Chintu never had good relations with their stepmother and stepsisters. Both of them had shifted their base to Delhi. Rinku, who is married, came to Patna a couple of days back.\" He added, \"Singh wanted to give a plot to Kamali during her marriage. But Rinku opposed his father's decision. The family dispute over the said piece of land lingered. Police came to know that Rinku was always involved in petty violence during his stay in Patna, though he has no criminal history.\"\"Singh's three daughters were good-natured. Kamali and my daughter used to go to same coaching centre. Kamali got married in 2009 while Purnima was still studying in Navin Vikas Vidyalaya in fifth standard,\" said Veena, a resident of the area.Nidhi, a friend of Sonalika, rushed to the place to bid her dear friend last good bye. \"Sonalika, who was a student of BA (history honours), part-1, at Magadh Mahila College, was a very charming girl. I used to visit her place regularly. Aunty was a little reserved while uncle was very lively. However, Sonalika didn't have good relations with her stepbrothers,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17440349", "title": "I like to be a trendsetter: Paris Hilton", "text": "Paris Hilton on her favourite Indian designers, the season's style statements and more ...Paris Hilton is someone you can't ignore. She has been in midst of controversy and sailed through. A 'unique person' is what she calls herself, Paris chats with Kochi Times about her style during her India visit.What is that one thing that differentiates India from the rest of the world?I love India. I think it's a very special place. It's very magical and definitely one of the most spiritual places on earth. It is just so different, I have travelled all around the world and there is nowhere like India.Have you been to India before?This is my second trip to India. I have been to Mumbai before and I had a really great time. This is my first time in Goa. It is so beautiful and so relaxing. I've heard so much about it. I can't wait to go ride an elephant, go see the spice gardens and the spice markets. I want to go to the beach, go parasailing and go see the caves, and just see all of the different architecture and the beautiful beaches. There is so much to see!What is your passion \u00e2\u20ac\u201d acting, designing or DJing?I love everything I do. The most challenging of everything is the business side. Being a business woman and running 17 different product lines and brands is a lot of work. I am constantly travelling the world and having to be there 100 percent for all of my different projects. I am so proud of everything that I have accomplished. I look forward to doing more.Does your work reflect your personal fashion taste? Can you describe your style?My creative style is just the same as my own personal style. I like to design all of my product lines and make sure that people know it is something I would wear and that it is totally my style.What is your fashion statement?My fashion statement is to take risks and have fun with fashion. I like to be a trendsetter, and not just follow what is popular.What is the positioning of Indian fashion in the global scenario?My favourite India designers are Falguni and Shane Peacock. I think that they definitely position themselves with Indian fashion in the global scenario. They have made their brand known worldwide and I love wearing their dresses. They're so talented and really fashion forward. They are like me when it comes to taking risks and being fashion forward. I love how unique and futuristic the dresses are, there is nothing like their designs. I am obsessed with their clothes.What is the season's style statement?This season's style statement is all about being confident and wearing bright colours. Also, really beautiful prints that stand out are great for this season.Which is your personal favourite?I love hot neon pink, turquoise and neon yellow.How do you describe your creativity and style?My work always reflects my personal fashion taste. I am a very unique person; I love to have fun with my style. My style is fashion forward, unique and hot.Your take on fashion and music...I believe that fashion and music are very intertwined. They inspire each other. You can't have fashion without music, like in the runway shows. And I think that when you listen to music, it inspires your fashion. So I think they really work great together.What is the other thing you would do if not designing, acting or DJing?If I wasn't designing, acting or into business, I would be a school teacher, because I love kids. Or I would be a veterinarian, because I love animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17633088", "title": "Robbers in police net", "text": "PANCHKULA: Police claimed to have bust a gang of robbers with the arrest of three gang members in Pinjore on Friday night. The accused, identified as Sujit, Vikram and Satish were wanted in four robbery cases. A country made weapon and three live cartridges were also recovered from their possession.Vikram, kingpin of the gang, along with two others, was arrested while planning a dacoity near Rathpur colony in Pinjore. They were nabbed by the crime branch and the Pinjore police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17636811", "title": "We want 'substantial' evidence against Hafeez Saeed: Rehman Malik", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan is awaiting \"substantial evidence\" from India to act against LeT founder and Mumbai terror attack mastermind Hafeez Saeed, interior minister Rehman Malik said on Sunday.\"We need substantial evidence - still waiting for that,\" Malik said at a function organised by the Observer Research Foundation.He said Pakistan can act against Saeed only if India's evidence can stand up in court.He said Saeed had been arrested on three occasions but released on court orders owing to \"insufficient information\".India has been pressing Pakistan to take action against those involved in the Mumbai terror attack of 2008 which killed 166 people.Malik, who arrived Friday on a three-day India visit, said he explained to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh the steps taken to bring to book those involved in the Mumbai attack by Pakistani terrorists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17632527", "title": "String theory: Sitar no longer strikes chord", "text": "It was three years ago that Sashi Bhatnagar took her reluctant teenaged son to an old master who taught the sitar to a motley crowd of mostly grumpy children in Lucknow. Now, though, the boy, 16, has rebelled. He's abandoned the guru, bullied his mother into silence and taken rather heartily to Linkin Park.In Chennai, music teachers like V Rangaraju and S R Padmavathy are not surprised. Very few, they say, are interested in instruments like the sitar or the veena anymore. They quietly mutter that we might just have seen the last of mighty classical musicians like Pandit Ravi Shankar and Ustad Vilayat Khan.\"They (the instruments) are bulky and need years of practice,\" says Rangaraju. \"When I started teaching the veena 20 years ago, I used to get around five students. That has dropped to maybe two, and they are all above 30 years of age.\" Many of those clinging on to India's famous stringed instruments say it is time everyone realized that for the younger generation of the country's musicians the veena, sarod, tanpura, sitar or sarangi are just not \"wow enough\".That things aren't upbeat for this \"besieged family\" is clear from the classes that are taken up at Chennai's Laksman Sruthi music school. K R Rajendran, the principal, says that a majority prefers vocal music and western classical instrumental. If not vocals \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with reality shows and eventually films in mind \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the attraction, across Indian cities and towns, is for the keyboard, considered glamorous and a more sure way to achieve the A R Rahman kind of success.Parents like Bhatnagar, who are trained sitar players themselves and dream of their children following the parampara, have given up. \"Most gifted children want to sing,\" she says. \"The money and trappings of fame are no match for the forlorn existence of those carrying around a sitar to some ill-attended function in Gorakhpur. They all want to be in Mumbai. Children are fast realizing that.\"Students still flock to maestrosNo wonder, Bhatnagar adds, few can today command the kind of respect and audience that Ravi Shankar or Vilayat Khan did. \"It is obvious that as these great instrumentalists become stars in another world, fewer still will take their place in future.\"Then there are those who continue to be dismissive about the \"three-minute artistes\", as sitar player Shujaat Khan, son of the legendary Ustad Vilayat Khan, says. \"Those who want to be instrumentalists will become one, come what may,\" he insists. \"Most vocalists from the current crop are three-minute artistes. Ask them to sing the fourth minute and they'll turn 'be-sur' (out of tune).\"Moreover, established musicians like violinist Lalgudi G J R Krishnan and Mandolin U Shrinivas don't lack students. \"I have students throughout the world,\" says Shrinivas, who runs the Shrinivas Institute of World Music in Chennai. But, he admits, the crowds are mostly in the West.Lovers of the desi stringed instruments aren't resigning to fate just yet. They continue to have faith in the ability of the great \"harmonizers\" to thrive. At the Banaras Hindu University , the number of students learning the sitar seems to be growing. Krishna Chakravarti, professor of sitar at the faculty of performing arts there, takes this as a sign that there will be more Ravi Shankars in the days to come. She would be glad to meet Kolkata youth Kaushik Senapati, a student of sarod maestro Buddhadeb Dasgupta. Senapati declares he will never sell out. \"Some of my friends have rock bands and are earning well. I don't envy them.\"( Reports from Sandhya Soman &amp; Priya M Menon in Chennai; Jhimli Pandey in Kolkata; Binay Singh in Varanasi, and Meenakshi Sinha in New Delhi )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17633603", "title": "Own a house? It will take care of your old age", "text": "RAIPUR: Facing neglect from children and need financial independence in old age? Reverse Mortgage Scheme is the solution. But it is evoking very poor response in Chhattisgarh, thanks to lack of awareness.In seven years since it launched the scheme, leading nationalized bank, State Bank of India (SBI) could disburse only 15 loans to the tune of Rs 72 lakh to senior citizens under Reverse Mortgage Scheme. In Raipur zone, 14 elders have availed the scheme while in Bilaspur zone only one senior citizen turned up to take the loan.\"People are not aware about the scheme, which can be very beneficial in case of medical emergencies,\" said Abhijit Majumder, SBI Deputy General Manager. \"We keep advertising about the scheme but the response is not encouraging,\" he added.\"We are planning to organise a pensioner's meet on December 23, as part of the world pensioner's day celebration, to reach out to potential clients with the details of the scheme. It is the only loan product where the repayment capacity of the borrower is not taken into consideration,\" he added.Punjab National Bank (PNB), was the first to launch the scheme under the title of \" PNB Baghban\" in 2007. But the officials at the zonal office of Chhattisgarh, could not provide the data related to response received for the scheme. Banking sources said the overall response to the scheme, even in other nationalized banks, was dismally poor across the state. The financial instrument of reverse mortgage is designed in such a way that it can be of great help to senior citizens in case they are facing neglect from their children. In such cases, they can have their financial independence without having the trouble to dispose of their home when facing financial stress.Money raised by reverse mortgage also provides a sense of dignity and pride to the senior citizens who do not want to take help of other family members or friends in case of any emergency, whether it is medical or personal. A popular scheme in the West, the scheme was launched with similar expectations by the then finance minister P Chidambaram but it has failed to live up to the expectations so far with only 10,000 senior citizens across India availing the scheme in the last seven years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "17632270", "title": "Anganwadi workers elected to gram, taluk panchayats dismissed", "text": "KARWAR: Twelve anganwadi workers who had been elected in the last gram panchayat, taluk panchayat and zilla panchayat elections in Uttara Kannada district were dismissed from the service by the department of women and child development.Many anganwadi workers in the district had contested the local body elections, of which 19 had been elected on tickets from various political parties. The dismissal order came following a ruling from the Karnataka high court saying anganwadis were run on the aid provided by the Union government and employees of anganwadis were part of the government. Therefore, they cannot don two roles - one of anganwadi worker and two as people's representatives - at a time. These persons draw remuneration from both posts and they should relinquish one of them.The Union government too had issued a circular on May 25, 2010, categorically stating that anganwadi workers should not contest elections. Purandar, an activist, had filed a PIL in the high court and sought the disqualification of Usha Hegde, a ZP member from Sirsi. The high court had given an ultimatum to elected representatives to resign within a month from either of the post. The department of women and child development had issued notices to the elected anganwadi workers on October 12 informing them about the order of the high court.After this notice seven of the 19 members resigned. The remaining 12 had not responded to the notice, forcing the department to issue dismissal orders to these members.The dismissed elected representatives of the local bodies in Uttara Kannada are Nagaratna Padiyar, Shyamala Devadiga, Parvathi Devadiga, H Sujata (Bhatkal), Sadhana Bhat, Shakuntala Nesarekar (Haliyal), Ganga Lakkumane, Sumana Gada, Uma Naik (Kumta), Shubhangini Gavuda, Savitha Gaonkar (Joida) and Latha Kalas (Karwar) were dismissed from their post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17632579", "title": "Bank staff attacked", "text": "INDORE: In a possible bid to rob, few miscreants attacked a bank employee in Bhagirathpura area on Friday night. However, the employee bravely fought the accused and forced them to leave the place.As per the investigating officer Mohanlal, Mohan Singh is an employee of Punjab National Bank (PNB) and a resident of Mahesh Yadav Nagar. On Friday night, he was returning home from the bank and crossing Bhagirathpura Bridge at around 7 pm when few miscreants intercepted and attacked him.The accused reportedly asked Mohan to give the bag but he denied. They then attacked him with some heavy weapon on head, said Mohanlal, adding that the accused fled from the spot without the bag when they realized a motor bike approaching.According to police, Mohan had not kept anything valuable in the bag except a few keys. Mohan informed his family members about the incident after the accused left and he was immediately rushed to hospital where his condition is still said to be normal.Mohanlal said that the victim is not in a condition to give his statement. Police are investigating the case. He further said that only after the statement of the victim, it will be clear whether it was an attack for the purpose of loot or normal rivalry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17631687", "title": "Doctor caught taking bribe", "text": "ROURKELA: Vigilance sleuths caught a doctor of Hatibari Community Health Centre (CHC) in Sundargarh district while taking bribe on Saturday. He had demanded Rs 1,000 from Mangal Oram to issue a medical certificate to support Oram wife's maternity leave.Sarojini Baa, a government teacher, was admitted to the CHC on April 22, 2012 for her delivery. Sarojini had delivered a male child and after availing six months of maternity leave, she had joined duty on October 20, 2012. \"Mangal Oram had lodged a complaint with us on Friday and accordingly we laid a trap to nab the doctors,\" said P K Das, deputy superintendent of police (Vigilance).\"Our sleuths nabbed him while accepting money from Oram,\" Das added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635397", "title": "Vinay Rohrra recommends marriage", "text": "Vinay Rohrra who is currently seen in 'Sobhagyavati Bhav' is happily married to Pooja Rohrra. He feels that marriage is for the keeps. He feels one should give priority to the other person's needs so that way a couple gets a chance for fulfillment of requirements.\"One should look forward to coming back to home. As there seems to be a sense of responsibility now which was not earlier. Also it is more like a buddy feeling. You can chill with someone 24/7. It makes life very different from that of a bachelor as you live and share almost everything with your life partner. I recommend marriage strongly to everyone,\" says Vinay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17630755", "title": "Shyam Prasad wins welter weight title in style", "text": "MUMBAI: An unassuming Shyam Prasad put on a show of gumption and strength as he ended Bhabajeet Choudhary's challenge to clinch the Super Fight League's welter weight world title on a glitzy night where three other belts were on stake.The clash was the main event of the night but Prasad made sure it was devoid of any drama, forcing Choudhary to tap out from a rear naked choke in the second round.The bout had to be stalled twice with Choudhary's kicks illegally catching Prasad below the waist, but the 34-year-old had enough to resume.Anup Kumar lived up to the hype surrounding him, winning the bantam weight world title when he beat Manoj Chauhan in Round Two when the latter failed to cope with a rear naked choke.The disappointment of the night had to be Narendra Grewal's early surrender to Bharat Khandare who pulled off the guillotine choke to perfection early in the first round. Grewal had been impressive through the season and one thought he would make a fight out of it.British fighter Warren de Reuck gave Egypt's Mohamed Hassan a lesson in his first round win that ended with a submission by way of a triangle choke.SFL 13 RESULTSWelter weight : Rouhollah Eidehlouie lost to Jamshed Khan; Fly weight : Manjit Kolekar beat Monika; Welter weight : Mohamed Hassan lost to Warren De Reuck; Light weight : Sandeep Yadav lost to Rajinder Meena; Feather weight: Bharat Khandare beat Narender Grewal; Bantam weight: Anup Kumar beat Manoj Chauhan; Welter weight: Shyam Prasad beat Bhabajeet Choudhary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17637409", "title": "No need for BJP to project PM candidate as of now: Chouhan", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh chief minister, Shivraj Singh Chouhan , has said that there is no need for BJP to project anyone as the prime ministerial candidate as of now for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.Asked who will make the best prime ministerial nominee, Chouhan said he had \"no view on this\" and added that he will go by the party's thinking in the matter.He also said that there is no need for BJP president Nitin Gadkari to resign following charges of corruption levelled against him.\"Charges are levelled against many leaders and if someone resigns only because allegations have been made against him, nobody would be left,\" he expressed.He also said that charges against Gadkari have not affected the intensity of the BJP's fight against corruption in Congress.Chouhan said he is confident that BJP would win next year's state Assembly elections as the people of Madhya Pradesh are with the party because of the welfare work done by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17632105", "title": "Take lead in organic farming, Mahant tells Arunachal farmers", "text": "ITANAGAR: Union minister of state for agriculture and food processing industries Charan Das Mahant has asked Arunachal Pradesh to be a pioneer in the country in organic farming considering the state's suitable climatic condition.The minister was addressing farmers at the valedictory function of the three-day state level Krishi Expo and Kishan Mela here on Friday evening.\"I appealed to the state government to organize such melas in the districts so that the farmers could reap the benefits,\" he said. Stating that there would be no dearth of funds from the Centre for supporting the farmers, Mohant informed that his ministry has been providing all support to small and marginal farmers through various central schemes.He said his ministry has already earmarked several projects for the state, including a 342 crore project, under National Food Security Mission for Arunachal. To a plea by chief minister Nabam Tuki for setting up a food park at Kimin, the minister promised to consider it with utmost priority.\"My ministry is providing a special purpose vehicle under mega food park to various states at an estimated cost of Rs 50 crore. The state government needs to provide at least 35-50 acres of land for such project,\" he added.The minister assured to consider the proposal for setting up of a horticulture college in the state after consultations with Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar . He also highlighted the advantage of FDI in the rural sector which, he said, would benefit the farmers to a large extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633691", "title": "Karnataka to raise Almatti dam height", "text": "Shettar convened another meeting of officials and ministers to discuss the third stage of the Upper Krishna Project, which envisages using 130 tmcft of Krishna water to irrigate 5.3 lakh hectares across seven North Karnataka districts.Bommai said around 76,000 acres in 20 villages would be submerged and the affected people would be shifted as the height of the Almatti dam will be increased from 519 feet to 524 feet. Over 21,000 families in 20 villages with population of 98,000 will have to be relocated, he added.He also said HUDCO has approved a loan assistance of Rs 500 crore plus they have raised Rs 500 crore through UKP bonds to take up R&R; (Relief &amp; Rehabilitation) work and infrastructure development in the affected area. Karnataka government would seek the \"national project\" status for this project, as it covers over 1 lakh hectares, Bommai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17633566", "title": "Woman, 2 daughters murdered in house", "text": "PATNA: A woman in her 40s and her two daughters aged 18 and 11 years were found murdered at their house at Indrapuri under the Patliputra police station area on Saturday.The gory killings that apparently took place on Friday came to light when a family acquaintance, Yogendra, reported to the police that they were not opening the door. The bodies of Alina Singh and her younger daughter Purnima were found lying in a pool of blood in one room while that of Sonalika in another room when policemen broke open the door and entered the house around 9.30am.\"We suspect the criminal(s) used a hard and blunt weapon to hit Alina and Purnima while Sonalika's throat was slit,\" SSP Amrit Raj said and added there were no signs of forced entry into the house while the door in the rear was found open.Though sniffer dogs were pressed into service, the police remained clueless about the killers till late Saturday evening. \"It prima facie appears to be a case of hate crime,\" DIG (central range) Sunil Kumar said. While pleading ignorance about the exact time of the murders for now, he, however, said Purnima was in her school uniform when the crime took place.Purnima was a fifth grader in a local school and Sonalika a second-year student of Magadh Mahila College. Alina was the second wife of Gopal Sharan Singh, a retired accountant of a state government undertaking. Singh along with Rinku, his eldest son from first marriage, had left Patna for Delhi by Rajdhani Express on Friday evening. \"Theirs was not a planned trip as they had not reserved berths,\" a police officer said.Police sources said property dispute could be the reason behind the murders. Singh has two sons from his first wife who died 22 years ago. He then married Alina who bore him three daughters. The couple's eldest daughter, Kamali, is married to one Ajit Kumar of Rajendra Nagar in the city. Rinku along with his wife and children lives in Delhi where he runs a coaching institute. His younger brother, Chintu, also lives with him.Yogendra has told the police he went to the Singhs' house on the request of Gopal Sharan who called him on his cellphone and told him that his calls to home were going unanswered. \"We have seized a bottle of alcohol, a lunch box and the furniture of the house. Nothing was looted from the house,\" DIG Kumar said.The bodies were sent to PMCH for autopsy. \"We are in the process of lodging an FIR. As soon as Singh reaches Patna, we will decide who will be the complainant,\" SSP Raj said. However, late in the night, a police team left for Delhi as Singh had switched off his cellphone. His last call was traced to Paschim Vihar locality in New Delhi.The principal of a private school, Neelam Sharma, was killed at her residence-cum-school in the same locality on July 20. Four months on, the police are yet to make even a single arrest in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633423", "title": "Cops suspect guard in woman's murder case", "text": "CHENNAI: Police areon thelookout for a security guard who is suspected in the murder of a woman whose body was recovered from a construction site in Aminjikaraion Friday.The security guard was suspectedbecausehewas missing for the last two days and his mobile phone was switchedoff, policesaid .Three teams have been formedtotracehim ,they added .\"We suspect that he and a few of his friends committed the crime ,\" said a police officer . Police are also trying to establish the identity of the woman by circulating her photographs across all police stationsin thecity .The woman's body was recovered near Pulla Avenue after a few complained that a foul smell was emanating from theconstruction site. She was found with a bed sheet wrapped around her naked body .Police suspect it was a case of sexual assault and murder andsentthebody for post-mortem to Kilpauk Medical CollegeHospital .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17637018", "title": "Changes in gut bacteria protect against stroke", "text": "An altered gut microbiota in humans is associated with symptomatic atherosclerosis and stroke, researchers say.The human body contains ten times more bacterial cells than human cells, most of which are found in the gut. These bacteria contain an enormous number of genes in addition to our host genome, and are collectively known as the gut metagenome.How does the metagenome affect our health? This question is currently being addressed by researchers at the University of Gothenburg, Sweden, and the Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden, in the rapidly expanding field of metagenomic research. Several diseases have been linked to variations in the metagenome.Researchers at Chalmers University of Technology and Sahlgrenska Academy, University of Gothenburg, now also show that changes in the gut metagenome can be linked to atherosclerosis and stroke.The researchers compared a group of stroke patients with a group of healthy subjects and found major differences in their gut microbiota.In particular, they showed that genes required for the production of carotenoids were more frequently found in gut microbiota from healthy subjects. The healthy subjects also had significantly higher levels of a certain carotenoid in the blood than the stroke survivors.Carotenoids are a type of antioxidant, and it has been claimed for many years that they protect against angina and stroke. Thus, the increased incidence of carotenoid-producing bacteria in the gut of healthy subjects may offer clues to explain how the gut metagenome affects disease states.Carotenoids are marketed today as a dietary supplement. The market for them is huge, but clinical studies of their efficacy in protecting against angina and stroke have produced varying results.Jens Nielsen, Professor of Systems Biology at Chalmers, says that it may be preferable to take probiotics instead - for example dietary supplements containing types of bacteria that produce carotenoids.\"Our results indicate that long-term exposure to carotenoids, through production by the bacteria in the digestive system, has important health benefits. These results should make it possible to develop new probiotics. We think that the bacterial species in the probiotics would establish themselves as a permanent culture in the gut and have a long-term effect,\" Nielsen said.The researchers have now started a company, Metabogen, to further develop their discoveries relating to the metagenome. Their success is based on close cooperation between engineers, microbiologists and doctors.The study has been published in Nature Communications .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17631920", "title": "Kerala State Electricity Regulatory Commission faces shortage of electricity meters", "text": "KOCHI: Faced with an acute shortage of electricity meters, the state electricity board (KSEB) has gone to the extent of advising consumers to procure meters from the open market for getting a new connection and replacing faulty meters.KSEB sources said the board had been finding it difficult to give connections within a month of submission of application, as directed by the Kerala State Electricity Regulatory Commission.Applications for new connections pending with section offices range from 40 to 150. While 120 applications are pending with the Palluruthy section, the number is 40 under Vypeen section, sources said.The wait for consumers seeking replacement of faulty meters in their houses or business establishments is much higher. Many of them are made to wait for over six months after registering complaints. There are 10,000-15,000 applications for replacing faulty meters in the city and the number is 5,000 in the Paravoor area. Though KSEB officials said a single phase electricity meter is available for Rs 1,000, shops are charging Rs 1,500 and above.\"Consumers have the choice to purchase meter from the open market but it should be tested by the board or electrical inspectorate,\" said an official. However, many consumers are apprehensive of purchasing it from the open market fearing possibilities of damage in future. \"I had submitted application for replacing the faulty meter in my shop almost six months ago but they are yet to replace it. Now I have been told to purchase it from the open market but on my own risk. I will have to spend money again if it gets damaged,\" said Benny, who runs a hotel at Kaloor.KSEB chief engineer (distribution) V V Sathyarajan, however, claimed that the shortage had not affected the process of giving new connections. \"They are being given connection within a month of submitting application,\" he said.Interestingly, builders in the city are procuring electricity meters from outside for their apartment projects in order to save time. \"All of us are purchasing meters from the market and using it in our projects after certified by the board,\" said Noel Builders managing director John Thomas .A senior official said the board had given an order for 16 lakh electricity meters after floating tenders but had to stop it after receiving eight lakh owing to a vigilance enquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17631862", "title": "Hookah parlour raided", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a lull, police have again started cracking the whip on hookah parlours. On Saturday, police raided a hookah parlour on Road No. 1, Banjara Hills and took 20 minors, including nine girls, into custody.The Banjara Hills police said CIAO, a hookha parlour, was allowing entry to minors and some of them were found indulging in indecent activities when police raided the joint. The 11 boys and nine girls, all minors, were smoking hookah and tobbaco on the premises. Police said the minors were in their custody and they would be released after a counselling them and their parents. Cases were registered against hookah centre organisers Anil Pal Singh Bagha and Navjyothi Singh Bagha under the Hyderabad City Police Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17632587", "title": "Gurgaon villagers threaten to block NH-8 over traffic chaos", "text": "GURGAON: People of over two dozen villages on Saturday demanded an end to continuing traffic snarls on the Delhi-Jaipur Expressway and Kherki Dhaula toll plaza here and threatened to block NH-8 if no solution was found, a sarpanch (village head) said.Frustrated over routine traffic snarls on the Delhi-Jaipur Expressway (NH-8), which extends till Mumbai and passes through Gurgaon, local sarpanchs and people of Manesar and other villages here decided to take it up with the district administration.People from two dozen villages - Manesar, Kasan, Khoh, Nakhrola, Rampura, Shikohpur and Mohmadpur, among others, on the Gurgaon stretch of the under-construction Delhi-Jaipur Expressway and Kherki Dhaula toll plaza (42km from Delhi) - on Saturday approached Gurgaon deputy commissioner P C Meena but he was not available.\"We were told that the deputy commissioner (DC) was on leave and would be available on December 17. We will first put up the matter to the DC with a deadline. If the issues are not settled, we will choose the next options that include blockage of NH-8,\" said Omprakash from Manesar.\"Traffic on the under-construction Delhi-Jaipur Expressway usually remained choked on the various stretches from Kherki Dhaula to Rewari. The construction company, Pink City Expressway Private Limited (PCEPL), is careless regarding the serious issue,\" said Shyochand, a sarpanch.\"The construction work remained completely paralysed for the last few months. Instead of labourers and engineers in cites, only security guards are there to look after the machines,\" Shyochand charged.The Gurgaon police on August 28 had lodged an FIR against the officials of Pink City Expressway Private Ltd under Sections 283 (danger or obstruction in public way or line of navigation) and 336 (act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).The first information report (FIR) was registered at the Kherki Dhaula police station on the basis of a statement by head constable Nawal Singh after traffic chaos.The PCEPL general manager had then blamed prolonged rains for the trouble.\"After the FIR, contractors left the work and condition remained the same as it was then,\" said a group of sarpanchs.\"Moreover, a few days back, three traffic policemen, including an inspector-rank officer were suspended for misbehaving with a senior district officer. The incident happened during a traffic jam on the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway, and near Shikohpur Mor (turning). This shows the seriousness of the problem,\" they said. A senior official from PECPL, who did not wish to be named, said: \"The NHAI had to provide us land for the road construction at various stretches including Naurangrur, Manesar and Dharuhera. We are still waiting for that.\"Besides this, villagers said that traffic snarls at Kherki Dhaula toll barrier has become gruesome. Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Limited (DGSCL), the contractor company of Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway has deployed some local goons, some of them with criminal records at the toll, they charged. They usually misbehave with motorists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17632652", "title": "Jodhpur civic bodies in a spot", "text": "JODHPUR: The Rajasthan high court has issued notices to the state government, Jodhpur Municipal Corporation, Jodhpur Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited and Ramky (operator of door to door waste collection in Jodhpur) seeking reply by 8 January.The division bench comprising acting chief justice N K Jain and justice R S Chouhan gave these notices while hearing the petition against the user charges in the electricity bill in the name of waste collection charges.Petitioner Anil Bhandari moved a petition in the high court challenging the addition of the user charges in the electricity bill against the door to door waste collection scheme, recently introduced in Jodhpur by the municipal corporation in association with the Ramky. Petitioner's counsel Sunil Bhandari argued in the court that these charges amount to the violation of the article 14 and section 265 of the constitution.\"Besides this it is the duty of the municipal corporation and by doing so the corporation is shirking its duty\", told Bhandari. He further argued that the service has introduced in about 15 wards of the city but the charges have been levied on the consumers from all the 65 wards of the city and even from the areas which do not fall in the jurisdiction of the municipal corporation terming it to be an autocratic move of the government.After hearing the arguments of Bhandari, the court issued notices to the state government's local self government department, Jodhpur Municipal Corporation, Jodhpur Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited and Ramky, the service provider seeking reply by 8 January and has also asked that why the notification in this regard not be stayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17632557", "title": "Despite hurdles, Alwar Aadhaar ready", "text": "ALWAR: After the interaction session with finance minister P Chidambaram , Alwar district authorities said the Aadhaar-enabled direct cash transfer schemes will be rolled out from January 1, 2013, the deadline announced by the Centre for rolling out the services in 43 districts of the country. Top officials said the welfare programmes under nine government departments covering 34 schemes will be implemented and digitization of data base for all the beneficiaries have been completed.\"The first stage for rolling out Aadhaar-enabled direct cash transfer of welfare schemes is digitization of the data base, which we have already done. Bank accounts of all beneficiaries have also been opened except for Janani Suraksha Yojana. In that scheme also we have opened bank accounts of 77% beneficiaries and the remaining 23% will be completed in one week,\" Ashutosh Pednekar, district collector, Alwar.With regard to the Aadhaar cards, 6.5 lakh people have already been covered but the authorities still need to seed 77,000 cards with the bank accounts. \"We will be able to link the remaining UID cards with the bank accounts well before the deadline. There are no apprehensions about missing the deadline,\" said Pednekar.Instead of covering the whole district under Aadhaar, the authorities are targeting only the beneficiaries of the schemes to meet the deadline. The fact that only 22% of people in Alwar have been issued.Aadhaar cards so far, focusing only on the beneficiaries will be only way to meet the time stipulation.Chidambaram said that unless 98% of the people have a bank account with 80% of them having Aadhaar cards, the services won't be implemented.However, some bankers present in the meeting said that it would be challenging to transfer cash benefits based on Aadhaar format. They said direct payments could be done through bank accounts initially and the district authorities may link bank accounts with aadhaar later. While money could be transferred to bank accounts, only aadhaar can eliminate duplicacies. There are also challenges in appointing banking correspondents and providing them with micro ATMs in such a short period of time. The direct cash transfer mechanism aims to take banking facilities to the doorsteps of the beneficiary.While the pilot project in Alwar district is set to take off, its fate in the other two districts - Ajmer and %Udaipur - is still not clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17631675", "title": "Odisha Hindu Religious Endowments Act changed", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state assembly on Saturday passed the Odisha Hindu Religious Endowments (Amendment) Bill 2012, which gives first preference to the state government to buy immovable properties from Hindu religious institutions.As per the latest amendment to the Odisha Hindu Religious Endowments Act, 1951, whenever the temples and mutts intend to sell their land, they have to first ask the government to buy it at market price. Only when the government says no, they can sell it to others. The government can purchase such land only for public purpose. The endowment commissioner will decide the market price.Opposition BJP and Congress had sought withdrawal of the Bill saying it was hastily introduced keeping in mind some ulterior motive. Allaying any apprehension, law minister Raghunath Mohanty said it would help government buy such land in important places for larger public good. Currently, land of these institutions is being purchased by private parties, preventing the government from using those for public purpose such as expansion of office, court building and roads.Mohanty said in many cases properties of such institutions were located in important urban localities where development was fast taking place. But whenever the institutions decide to sell those, only rich people were able to but those. The state has over 16000 temples and over 450 mutts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17632584", "title": "Prof arrested for trying to set wife afire", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A professor in an engineering college in the Knowledge Park area allegedly tried to set his wife on fire on Saturday morning. The woman claimed the accused first thrashed her, then bound her and locked her up in the bathroom, before setting fire to the house. While the woman survived without any burns, the house was almost gutted, police said. The accused has been arrested and taken into police custody.The Gautam Budh Nagar police said around 9am on Saturday the neighbours of the couple heard screams for help and saw smoking coming out of the Beta-II home here. \"They rushed to the house and found Suman sitting in the bathroom with her hands and feet tied,\" said Alok Priyadarshi, circle officer, Greater Noida. \"They managed to pull her out but the house had been damaged by that time,\" said Priyadarshi.Police said though the couple got married two years ago, they stayed together only for 40 days as they seemed to be incompatible. The victim, Suman, is from Kanpur and had returned to live with her husband, Ashwini, 10 days back. She alleged that her husband often demanded a car as dowry and would fight with her and even beat her up. The neighbours confirmed that the couple constantly bickered during their short stay together.Suman told the cops that Ashwini did not like her and wanted to get rid of her. \"On Friday night too, he, along with his brother, beat me up,\" she said. The violence continued on Saturday morning. By that Suman fell unconscious, police said. She claimed that on gaining consciousness, she found herself lying in the bathroom with her hands and feet tied.Though Suman did not sustain any burns, she is in trauma, police said. Ashwini, meanwhile, denied that he tried to set his wife on fire. He has claimed that he was in the college at 9.16am on Saturday, so he could not have started the fire. Police said they are verifying the woman's claim and examining the case in detail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananathapuram", "code": "17632455", "title": "Technopark companies to help Tehri Dam evictees", "text": "THIRUVANANATHAPURAM: A year after being empanelled by Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) to implement projects for central public sector enterprises, Technopark's Technology Business Incubator (T-TBI) will soon sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Tehri Hydro Development Corporation (THDC) India Ltd, to help Tehri dam evictees earn a livelihood by producing paper bags. Around 10,000 families are expected to benefit from the project.Two Kottayam-based companies - Bio Way Packs Pvt Ltd and Ideal Safety System - will carry out THDC's corporate social responsibility projects from early next year, said Technopark-TBI managing director KC Chandrasekharan Nair. Ideal Safety System will introduce waste management systems to curb garbage menace in the region.\"The T-TBI was empanelled as an implementing agency by TISS after a department of public enterprises directive that central public sector enterprises should set aside a portion of the net profit of the previous year for corporate social responsibility activities,\" Nair said.The Kottayam-based companies have been virtually incubated at the T-TBI but, virtually incubated companies would not be beneficiaries of T-TBI's seed money of Rs 50 lakh and will not be about to use the Technopark infrastructure. However, the T-TBI will help them network and piggyback on the Technopark brand.Bio Way Packs, which manufactures Bag Master, a patented paper bag making machine costing Rs 35,000,will initially supply eight machines. The machine will have the capacity to produce 1,000 bags in 8 hours. \"The machine will run on 125 Watts and will be cost effective. The plan is to conduct a pilot project for the next six months. Around 50 people, split into eight groups, will be identified to carry out the project,\" said K J Thomas, who patented the product.Binu Francis, CEO of Ideal Safety System, said his company plans to introduce products that directly related to rural empowerment and disease prevention.\"We have offered them a range of machines such as biogas plant, vermi compost, pipe compost, sanitary napkin vending and destroying machine, etc. It is up to them to figure out what they want to introduce in the community,\" he said.The MoU between THDC and T-TBI will be signed before December 25 this year, said T-TBI technical officer S Sreejith.A year after being empanelled by Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) to implement projects for Central Public Sector Enterprises, Technopark's Technology Business Incubator (T-TBI) is on the brink of signing an MoU with Tehri Hydro Development Corporation (THDC) India Ltd, to help Tehri dam evictees to earn a livelihood by producing paper bags. Around 10,000 families are expected to benefit from the project.Two Kottayam-based companies Bio Way Packs Pvt ltd. and Ideal Safety System will carry out THDC's corporate social responsibility projects from early next year, said KC Chandrasekharan Nair, Managing Director, Technopark-TBI. Ideal Safety System will introduce waste management systems to curb waste menace in the region.\"Technopark-TBI was empanelled as an implementing agency by TISS after a Department of Public Enterprises directive that Central Public Sector Enterprises should set aside a percentage of the net profit of the previous year for CSR activities,\" said Nair.The Kottayam-based companies shortlisted to carry out the projects have been virtually incubated at the Technopark-TBI. The difference between virtual incubation and regular incubation is that the virtual companies would not be a beneficiary of Technopark-TBI's seed money of Rs 50 lakhs and will not be about to use the IT Park infrastructure. However, the Technopark-TBI will help them network and piggy-back on the Technopark brand.Bag Master is a patented paper-bag making machine costing Rs 35,000, manufactured by Bio Way Packs. The company will initially supply eight machines, which has the capacity to produce 1000 bags in 8 hours. \"The machine will run on 125 watts and cost effective. The plan is to conduct a pilot project over the next six months. Around 50 people, split into eight groups will be identified to carry out the project,\" said KJ Thomas, who patented the product.Binu Francis, CEO, of Ideal Safety System said, his company plans to introduce products that directly related to rural empowerment and disease prevention. \"We have offered them a range of machines such as Bio gas plant, vermi compost, pipe compost, sanitary napkin vending and destroying machine etc. It is up to them to figure out what they want to introduce in the community,\" he said.The MoU between Tehri Hydro Development Corporation (THDC) India Ltd and Technopark-TBI will be inked before December 25, said S Sreejith, technical officer, Technopark-TBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17636174", "title": "Police asked to file FIR against 3 traffic cops", "text": "THANE: A magistrate court here recently directed the city police to register and FIR against three traffic police, including a senior inspector of the Wagle estate traffic unit, for illegal assault on a motorist Prasad Girap on October 30. Magistrate Tekwani on December 13 ordered the Thane police to register offence against traffic constables Bhalchandra Sayaji Chavan, Umesh Jadhav and senior police inspector (traffic) Pratap Chavan after hearing arguments and going through the medical reports of the Girap.The 33-year-old,who owns an engineering unit at Upvan, has charged the three traffic police personnel of brutal assault in the middle of the streets at Cadbury junction after an argument over the visibility of the film screen pasted on his Swift car. Girap claimed that the trio allegedly slapped, strangled and kicked him after a dispute on transparency level of his car film. While the traffic police insisted that it was a dark film and sought to fine Girap, he contested their claim. Girap also pointed out that political leaders were exempted from law whereas common man was harassed.This, Girap claims, was a flash point as they rained blows on him and kicked him in his thighs and abdomen. One of the traffic policemen repeatedly stamped on his hands thus virtually immobilizing the little finger. The police had contested the charges and in fact accused Girap of launching an assault on the traffic constables. He tried to throw his weight and claimed that he is associated with a Shiv Sena MLA when my constable asked him to pay a Rs 100 fine for the dark film,'' deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Dr Shrikant Paropkari told TOI. He added that Girap got into a shuffle with constable Chavan and even bit him hard.Girap was booked under section 353 of the Indian Penal Code on charges of assaulting a public servant and obstructing them from performing their duty. After several attempts to lodge an FIR against the traffic police personnel failed, Girap approached the court with medical reports from the Thane civil hospital which indicated that the was a victim of assault and that he had suffered injuries on his head and hands. ``The court has directed the police to charge the traffic police for assault and investigate the matter. We will now the action taken against them in the next hearing,'' Girap told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17635934", "title": "Wal-Mart bribery case: Law will take its own course, govt says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government today said that law will take its own course if investigations establish that there has been any violation by global retail giant Wal-Mart in its attempts to gain entry into the Indian market.It also said that it was not proper to make any judgement one way or the either before probe is completed.\"If at all any investigation does conclusively establish that there has been a violation of the Indian laws....law will take its own course,\" Information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari told Karan Thapar's Devil's Advocate on CNN-IBN.He was responding to a question on the ED probing alleged violation of investment rules by Wal-Mart in India and charges that Wal-Mart invested in India even before the government took a policy decision on FDI in retail.Tewari at the same time repeatedly cautioned against \"innuendos and insinuations\" till an inquiry is completed.He said government has already announced a probe by a former judge into the allegations of Wal-Mart spending money on lobbying to get entry into Indian market and that now \"the inquiry commission should be allowed to come to its independent conclusion.\"I do not think it is proper to second guess the results of an inquiry. Let the inquiry play itself out. We would not put the cart before the horse,\" he said.Tewari also hit out at the BJP over the issue alleging that the principal opposition has \"reversed criminal jurisprudence on its head\".\"They make an allegation, then they reiterate it and they start believing it and then they ultimately expect the country to convict a person without a trial,\" Tewari said, adding \"if all this process exonerates Wal-Mart completely, who is going to compensate individuals, associations or companies for the damages done as a result\".The union minister also exuded optimism that it will be able to pass the crucial bills on banking, pension and insurance reforms passed in Parliament despite the existing political contradictions as \"the real faultline in this country is communalism versus pluralism\".Tewari also dismissed questions on whether a recent judgement by the Supreme Court on cases against SP Mulayam Singh has helped the government unintentionally.\"Those are parallel facts. Criminal investigations, judicial adjudications follow a particular track. Politics follows its own track and there is no convergence,\" he said.The minister said that the government is hopeful, engaged and optimistic about the passage of the crucial bills on banking, pension and insurance and these are very important bills for the development of the country.On the issue of lobbying, Tewari at one point even said, albeit in his \"individual capacity\" that India should make a Lobbying Disclosures Act like the US, which makes it compulsory for political lobbyists to be registered and make periodic disclosures of amount spent.\"Time has come. We need to put in place a statutory architecture, which makes these declarations essentials, even legislators, MPs and people in the executive, if they have in the past or continue to represent a particular company or a group of company, that interest must be declared even before they participate in a debate,\" Tewari said.At the same time, he sought to make a difference between lobbying and illegal gratification.\"How can you be certain that lobbying automatically translates into illegal gratification? There is nothing to suggest either in jurisprudence or otherwise that the term lobbying is synonymous with illegal gratification. It could it equally couldn't be. Therefore, an inquiry will bring out the facts and Govt has agreed to inquiry,\" Tewari said.He also stressed that when the government makes a policy, it does not facilitate only one company's coming in when repeatedly asked about the controversies surrounding Walmart .Tewari also accused BJP of \"clutching on to straws\" on the issue of FDI in multi-brand retail after \"they lost the votes substantially in both Houses\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633376", "title": "Age is no bar as far as these Margazhi season performers are concerned", "text": "CHENNAI: At 100, 93, 78, and 76, these vocalists, musicians and dancers believe the only way to keep up with age is to keep time with it.For 76-year-old dancer Vyjayanthimala Bali, it's 100% discipline in daily life that has helped her every step of the way. \"It was my grandmother who got me into a certain regime and I have stuck with it,\" says Bali, who is performing at several sabhas this December season . Bali, who still practices one-and- a-half hours a day when a performance is approaching , spends the rest of her time researching Bharatanatyam. \"For me, dance is yoga and it rejuvenates me,\" she adds.Also performing this Margazhi season are 93-year-old Padma Bhushan awardee and vocalist R K Srikantan, 76-year-old mridangam maestro Umayalpuram K Sivaraman, and 78-year-old dancer C V Chandrasekhar.Clearly, age is just a number for these artistes - who still give performances across the country and globe. \"Music is called nada yoga or sound yoga,\" says Sivaraman, who says that as far as he is concerned, music has been like a \"tonic\" , keeping him healthy in body, mind and spirit. \"For me, playing the mridangam is a stress buster,\" says Sivaraman . \"It doesn't just please my soul but the souls of the listeners too.\" Apart from his several-hour-long daily practice sessions - he has not gone a single day without touching his mridangam - Sivaraman believes it is his everyday yoga sessions and strict diet that have kept him going. \"I don't live to eat. I don't eat to live either. I believe moderation is the key. My philosophy for every meal is 50% food, 25% water, and 25%,\" he says. \"And the rest of it, my music takes care of. It is therapeutic,\" he adds. Perhaps Sivaraman is not that far from the truth. Researchers at the Kansas Medical Center, in a study published in 2011 in the online issue of research journal 'Neuropsychology' , found that playing a musical instrument may help keep the mind sharp in later years. Unfortunately, say music therapists, there isn't enough research on the subject. \"But we do know that listening to music is a relaxant. It helps stimulate memory, alleviates moods, and can activate certain hormones ,\" says Chennai-based music therapist Dr Sumathy Sundar. For Srikantan, it's a mix of a disciplined way of life and a passion for learning and teaching that has kept his voice alive. \"I believe food is energy to the body and that is whyI do not eat anything that I feel will do harm. That means nothing fried,\" says the vocalist, who has two concerts and a lec-dem lined up in Chennai for this season. Srikantan walks and practices his singing daily. \"I also surround myself with students of music. There is so much one can teach the young and so much one can learn from them. If you keep an open mind, you will never grow old,\" says Srikantan. Meanwhile, for 78-year-old globe-trotting Chandrasekhar dance is everything. \"It is my yoga, my mediation, I don't need anything else,\" says Chandrasekhar, who adds that there are years when he has gone without bagging a single performance, but he never stopped dancing.\"I believe in keeping myself tuned all the time. I push myself all the time. When I dance, I want an applause because of my performance, not because of my age. I push myself because I do not want a compliment out of sympathy,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17631813", "title": "Government to plug loopholes in sand act", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The government has finally woken up to the realisation that the Kerala Protection of River Banks and Regulation of Removal of Sand Act, 2001 (Sand Act) is ill-equipped to fight the sand mafia that are operating in the state with impunity.Director general of prosecution T Asafali told TOI that the government was planning to amend the Act. \"It has come to our notice that there are contradictions in the Act that ultimately benefit the sand mafia.\"Section 24 of the Act says the offences under the Act are cognizable but section 25 says the case can registered only on the basis of a complaint by a competent official. \"Cases registered without complaints were quashed by different courts. We need to plug these loopholes,\" he said.Asafali said the intent of the legislation was to check the plundering of natural resources. \"Section 24 of the Act should be upheld. The police should be allowed to arrest, file FIR and bring the accused before the law.\"There is confusion over the wordings in the Act over seizure of vehicles used for sand smuggling. It has been interpreted that the vehicles can be seized solely for the purpose of confiscation and not as material object for prosecution. Thus vehicles are seized and later released after imposing a fine.The Kerala high court had also pointed out the lacunas in the Act. \"There is abundant room for mischief and subversion of objectives sought to be achieved by that Act,\" justices Thottathil B Radhakrishnan and K K Ravikumar said in a judgement on March 23.\"We record the submission of the learned director general of prosecutions that the lacuna and lack of clarity in the statutory provisions as contained in the Act and the Rules are being addressed by the government and legislative provisions, which could also be by an ordinance, are in the offing,\" the order said. \"We have no doubt that the ill-crafted legislation cripples public and national interests. It cannot contain the onslaughts on nature.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17631032", "title": "'Divine particle' makes researchers curious", "text": "PUNE: Spiritual expert Anjali Gadgil generated immense curiosity among a gathering of 150-odd researchers and scientists on Friday as she talked about the discovery of a new crop of particles, termed 'divine particles'. Gadgil presented her paper at the 17th national conference of the Indian Aerobiological Society, underway in the city.Gadgil, who analysed the nature of the newly-discovered particles from the laboratories of the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) and the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Bombay, said the particles are 'inorganic matter' containing carbon and oxygen, and do not resemble any existing particles. The particles are claimed to be golden in colour and were first discovered in July this year.While presenting her study, Gadgil reported that the particles were first noticed on the hands of hypnotherapist Jayant Athavale. When he rubbed his hand, around 15 to 20 golden particles fell down.Gadgil, who undertook this research with assistance from Durgesh Samant, collected a sample of these particles and sent it to several reputed scientific institutes. \"We received the sample test report recently from BARC as well as IIT, Bombay. The report states that the particles have no resemblance to soil or the surrounding environment,\" Gadgil said.S K Jha, head of the environmental assessment division, BARC, who tested the samples of the particles at BARC, said, \"The particles contain only carbon and oxygen and the formulae of these particles do not match any particles that exist. They are purely inorganic matter.\" BARC used the energy dispersive X-ray fluorescence test on the particles to determine their nature. Jha is an expert in conducting tests under this technique. His report further stated: \"These particles do not have other metallic elements as are seen in environmental air particulate.\"Gadgil and her colleagues clarified that they are not trying to explore the existence of the particles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17631957", "title": "Government tags 'expiry date' on bravery, martyrdom", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Even as the nation is all geared up for the Vijay Diwas celebrations on Sunday to commemorate the 41st anniversary of India's decisive military victory over Pakistan in the 1971 war, the country remains ungrateful to the fighter pilot who led the retaliatory air strike on the first day.The country has failed to honour the supreme sacrifice made by flying officer K P Muralidharan, hailing from Nilambur, who undertook a daring air raid over the Peshawar air base. As per IAF records, Muralidharan, belonging to the no. 20 squadron - The Lightnings, destroyed many hangars and airfield buildings before being shot down by Pakistani fighter jets on December 4, 1971.Pakistani pilot, wing commander (retd) Salim Baig, who shot down the Hunter aircraft flown by Muralidharan, has written eloquently of the courage displayed by Muralidharan in his memoir 'Air Battles - December 1971 - My Experiences.'K Rajendran Nair, a relative of Muralidharan, got a letter from the Air Force headquarters on February 14, 2011, which had a bizarre headline, 'Time limit for bravery.'The letter said though the Air Force headquarters had taken a decision to recommend Maha Vir Chakra for Muralidharan on January 26, 2010, the Central Honours and Awards Committee of the government of India turned down the recommendation citing a two-year clause which said that the act of conferring the gallantry award had to be made within two years from the 'date of act.'\"It is very absurd. Does martyrdom have an expiry date anywhere else in the world? How can the supreme sacrifice of laying down one's life for the country be measured by bureaucratic time bar,\" asks Nair.\"We don't want any benefits or compensation from the government. All we want to say is that the nation should at least honour the supreme sacrifice made by a valiant young man,\" Nair said.He added that the time limit clause for conferring the honour on him was not a proper excuse as IAF officer, squadron leader A B Devayya, was awarded Maha Vir Chakra posthumously 23 years after the 1965 war, based solely on the description of an air battle in the autobiography of a Pakistan air marshal.Belonging to the Nilambur Kovilakom, a royal family in Malappuram district, Muralidharan had a passion for flying and joined the Air Force at a young age. He was just 26 when he was assigned for the critical mission to Peshawar.Lalitha Krishnakumar, Muralidharan's sister and his only surviving blood relative, told STOI from Mysore that the family had never asked and would never plead for a medal for the martyr. \"The government should recognize the supreme sacrifice and act on its own. I feel an honour loses value if we ask for it,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17631246", "title": "Eve-teasing prompts girl to end life", "text": "RANCHI: A 17-year-old girl, apparently upset over constant eve-teasing, set her ablaze at her house in Shanti Nagar in Ratu locality.on Saturday. Monu Manita Tigga died after a few hours at the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences. Officer in charge of Ratu police station Satendra Narayan Singh said, \"The parents have accused a local boy of eve-teasing the girl forced her to take the extreme step. Police are inquiring into the case,\" he added. No FIR was filed in this connection as the family members were busy in the postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632348", "title": "3 arrested with drugs worth Rs 1cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the arrest of an ex-serviceman from Assam Rifles and a BPO employee, police have busted yet another module of the Northeast based narco-terrorism network. Crime branch claims that drugs worth Rs 1 crore have been seized from the 3 accused, John Lalmingthanga alias John (35), Ashem Danny Singh alias Danny (32) and Lalawmpuia (27).Intelligence agencies believe that a portion of money acquired by selling party drug 'ice' is diverted to Maoist sympathizers in northeast and Myanmar. The seizures include 100.49 kg of controlled substances pseudoephedrine (in tablet form) - packed in 5 cardboard boxes - and 70,000 strips (of 10 tables each) of pseudo-ephedrine, ( approximately 60 kgs).Recently, cops had received a tip-off that some Manipuris, along with the locals of Delhi, are illegally sending narcotics, especially Pseudo-Ephedrine, from Delhi to Manipur. The drug is in demand internationally since it is used in the preparation of party drugs like ecstasy and ice.\"The team, lead by inspector Sanjay Dutt , was working on the movement of banned terrorist organization KYKL (Kanglei Yawol Kanna Lup) of Manipur. It was learnt that Khumanba alias IK, a top commander of KYKL, was financing his terror activities with the assistance of one Delhi based John. John had reportedly established a godown in Janakpuri and large quantity of the narcotics were being packed for there for transmission to Myanmar , China via Manipur,'' said Sanjeev Yadav, DCP (special cell).John, a resident of Manipur, is an ex-serviceman from Assam Rifles. After shifting to the capital, John tried his hands in various businesses but eventually started trafficking pseudo-ephedrine from the capital.Danny is the son of an ex-teacher from Manipur. He works as a facilitator in obtaining contracts with various PSUs, and came in contact with John through a common friend. Since September, had been actively associated with John in his illicit business.Lalawmpuia is a relative of John and works in a call centre in Gurgaon. He rented out his flat as a godown to John and Danny for the packaging of illegal drugs in Village Asalatpur, Janakpuri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17631249", "title": "Few skilled gunmen in Red armed squad", "text": "RANCHI: Maoists in Jharkhand are facing a crisis of skilled gunmen. In 2012, the Ranchi district police carried out 48 anti-Maoist operations and in almost 40 of them, the rebels - who were surrounded by the security forces in jungles - either surrendered without a fight or retreated due to poor shooting skills.The shortage of gunmen in rebel groups has helped the police in various ways.In the 48 operations, the police seized huge cache of arms, ammunitions and explosives from the rebels as they retreated in hurry and left behind their weapons.Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said: \"At times, the rebels admitted defeat even when they had enough arms and ammunition to put up a strong fight.\"Ranchi police have arrested 128 rebels in last two years while 18 rebels, belonging to both the People's Liberation Front of India and the CPI(Maoist), surrendered during the same period.ASP (operation) Shambhu Kumar said the rebels were facing a severe shortage of trained gunmen. In May, a group of seven PLFI rebels - who had six rifles, two local guns and around 250 rounds of bullets, including 16 rounds of AK-47, 43 rounds of SLR and 193 rounds of .315 - surrendered without engaging in encounter in Mandar.\"The rebels had enough weapons to counter the police. But instead of opening fire, they just put up their hands,\" said Ranchi SSP. The rebels usually do not retreat if they have enough weapons. This year has seen more than 40 such retreats by the rebels, police sources said.In October, police had surrounded a PLFI training camp in Kochro jungle under Namkum police station and arrested two rebels while others managed to escape.A total of seven weapons were also recovered from them. In a similar raid, the police arrested dreaded Maoist rebel Maheshji alias Biren Munda, who was also the secretary of Gautamdhara area committee and used to work under zonal commander, Rammohan alias Mochu from Chutru jungle under Bundu police station.\"The rebel had guns, but he did not fire as he did not have enough gunmen to support his offensive,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17632947", "title": "Deposit schemes for Aurangabad auditoriums", "text": "AURANGABAD: Two well-known auditoriums in the city - Sant Eknath Rang Mandir and Sant Tukaram Maharaj Natya Mandir- will soon launch a one-time deposit scheme for clients. Under the new scheme, clients such as exhibitors, drama organizers and event managers may give a one-time deposit instead of paying for each event.\"The scheme will not only generate funds for the civic body but it will also prove convenient for the clients,\" said standing committee chairman of AMC Vikas Jain at the standing committee meeting on Saturday. The committee directed the civic administration to finalise the deposit charges for both the auditoriums and seek approval in the following meeting.The standing committee meeting was updated about poor maintenance in both auditoriums.Leader of the house in Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) Raju Vaidya said the roof of the makeup room at Sant Eknath Rang Mandir was in a bad shape.He sought immediate repairs from the corporation officials. However, the AMC officials clarified that no major repair work had been planned for the auditoriums. \"As of now, we doing routine maintenance,\" said estate officer S P Khanna.Vaidya has brought to the notice of the chairman of the committee that the corporation has not refunded the deposit money to the organisers.To this, Khanna said the estate department had cleared the application for the refunds but the cheques were pending with the accounts department. Both the auditoriums play host to various event throughout the year and generate revenue for the civic body.Constructed in 1991 the Sant Eknath Rang Mandir is located in Usmanpur where clients have to deposit Rs 6,500 for each show. Similarly, the charges for the occupants for Sant Tukaram Maharaj Natya Mandir are Rs 12,500 per show. Built in 2005-06, the Sant Tukaram Maharaj Natya Mandir is in Cidco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631552", "title": "Sindhi Literature Academy soon: CM", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday declared that the state government will soon establish a Maharashtra State Sindhi Literature Academy for spread of Sindhi literature and culture. He was addressing a large gathering of students and dignitaries at birth centenary celebrations of the late Trilokchand Rughwani, founder of Sindhi Hindi Educational Society which runs Sindhi Hindi School and Junior College. He was accompanied by state EGS minister Nitin Raut, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe, minister of state for energy Rajendra Mulak, city congress chief Jaiprakash Gupta and others.The CM added that Sindhi society is playing a vital role in development of state. Praising efforts of the Late Rughwani, he said the founder president came from Pakistan and worked hard to set up Sindhi Hindi Educational Society. \"This society is the largest minority education institution in Vidarbha with about 20,000 students,\" he said.On the problems faced by Vidarbha, Chavan said drought and water scarcity were the biggest issues plaguing this region and the government was making all efforts to address them. \"We have to build a strong economy and improve infrastructure. The youth has to come forward to run the country,\" the CM added.Chavan called on the students and teachers to make Maharashtra prosperous by reducing it dependency on natural resources. He directed the guardian minister to resolve the land lease problem faced by the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17633665", "title": "Nitish Kumar backs quota for SC/ST promotion", "text": "PATNA: Strongly favouring reservation in promotion for members of the Scheduled castes and tribes, chief minister Nitish Kumar on Friday said his party, the Janata Dal-United, supported the 117th amendment Bill, 2012, which would bring more clarity on the issue of quota in promotion.\"If the situation arises, JD-U will vote for the Bill in the Parliament,\" Kumar told newsmen before leaving for Kolkata to attend a function there. He also said, \"Members of SC/ST must get reservation in promotion. Despite numerous welfare measures and reservation in jobs, the condition of SC/ST people has not improved to a level that reservation in promotion be discontinued.\"The CM said the Bihar government has decided to continue with the provision of quota in promotion. \"The state government decided to continue with quota in promotion only after conducting a survey and in-depth analysis of data as per direction of the Supreme Court,\" he said.In fact, Nitish decided to continue with the policy of quota in promotion, with consequential seniority, to the members of SC/ST almost four months back. While the Union cabinet headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh approved the proposal for making provisions of quotas for SC/STs in promotions on September 4, 2012, the Bihar cabinet cleared a similar proposal on August 17, 2012, more than a fortnight ahead.Moreover, soon after getting the proposal passed from its cabinet, Bihar's general administration department (GAD) notified a resolution in its official gazette on August 21, 2012, declaring continuance of quota in promotion to the SCs/ STs, with consequential seniority, in state government jobs.The same day, GAD circulated copies of its resolution to all heads of the departments, divisional commissioners and DMs with instructions to take the necessary steps to ensure implementation of quota in promotion for the members of specified categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17631291", "title": "Jamshedpur youth set to make it big in Bollywood", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: For Manas Bhattacharjee, the music director from the Steel City, 2013 will be a year of national recognition.The young man, who is flying high following the success of his latest Bengali music album Hariye Jete Chai, has bagged a good offer from Red Carpet Movies company of Mumbai which is resuming its film production business, with an untitled film, after a break of several years.In the next two years, the talented music director will come up with eight new albums including an English album with the new talents of India which will be produced by Rooh Music company of Kolkata. \"I am happy that Red Carpet Movies has signed me for the music album. I am looking forward to next year and the year following that,\" said Bhattacharjee, son of noted percussionist, Manik Bhattacharjee of Birsanagar, Telco.In the past few years, the city lad has worked with popular Hindi film playback singer Kumar Sanu besides, Anwesha Dutta Gupta and many other celebrities from the Bengali film industry.\"Manashi Mukhopadhyay, daughter of legendary Manabendra Mukhopadhyay and Rajdeep Chatterjee (of Indian Idol fame) have sung four songs in Hariye Jete Chai album which is produced by Rooh Music,\" said Bhattacharjee.Bhattacharjee, who is also a composer and playback singer, has sung the other three songs in the album.\"I am working for the Tollywood film industry for the past few years but now I foresee entering the Bollywood industry,\" said Bhattacharjee, graduate from Jamshedpur Worker's College.Disciple of an acclaimed city-based music teacher late Chandrakant M Apte, Bhattacherjee is confident of carving a niche for himself in the highly competitive Hindi film industry.\"Both my gurus Anjan Das (with whom Bhattacharjee spent more time in learning music) and Apte Sir taught me to serve Goddess Saraswati without lust for money and fame,\" said the multi-talented former student of Vidya Bharati Chinmaya Vidyalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17632382", "title": "Lokayukta raids Belgaum MLA\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s house", "text": "BELGAUM: Five teams of the Lokayukta from Bagalkot, Gadag, Bijapur and Belgaum with nearly 38 members raided the house of Belgaum South BJP legislator Abhay Patil on Hosur Road, office and rice mills on Old PB Road, Dev Developers at Angol and S G Constructions at Tilakwadi, and verified documents pertaining to his assets.The team headed by Belgaum Lokayukta SP CA Balamkar raided his house and collected documents.The raids began at 5.30am and went on till 6pm.\"As per the court order, we are verifying his assets and all the details will be given to the court,\" added Balamkar.\"If it was a routine raid, we could have given all the details but it is a court order and therefore we can't divulge any details,\" he added.Based on the Special Lokayukta court direction, on Friday the Lokayukta took a search warrant and executed it on Saturday morning.On November 20, taking cognisance of a complaint against Patil, the Special Lokayukta court had directed the Lokayukta superintendant of police to inquire into the allegations and submit a detailed report on or before December 28.Sujit Madiwallappa Mulgund, a social activist, filed a complaint alleging bribery, land grab and false declaration in affidavits while filing nomination papers in the 2004 and 2008 elections.The other charges against the legislator include suspicious financial transactions through Parivartan Co-operative Society.In his filing, the complainant had also alleged that Patil's asset during the election was Rs 2 crore but now, the politician has amassed properties worth more than Rs 30 crore to Rs 40 crore in just four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17633551", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee gives away awardto Bihar forhigh growth", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Saturday received award from President Pranab Mukherjee for the state's highest growth rate among larger states during the 11th five year plan at a function organized by the PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry (PHDin New Delhi.Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh, Uttarakhand CM Vijay Bahuguna, Himachal Pradesh CM Prem Kumar Dhumal and Madhya Pradesh agriculture minster were also present at the 107th convention of the PHDCCI held at a private hotel.Speaking on the occasion, Modi said Bihar has witnessed rapid development under the leadership of CM Nitish Kumar. He said the state's budget in 2005-06 was Rs 22,658 crore, which has increased to Rs 78,000 crore in 2012-13. Between the first five-year plan and ninth five-year plan, Bihar's average growth rate was 3% per annum, which increased to 7.34% during the 10th five-year plan and 11% during the 11th five-year plan at constant prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17632054", "title": "I will not contest next elections: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said he is firm in his decision not to contest next assembly elections.To another question on his retirement plans, he said the current term will be his last term in the assembly, as reported by TOI some months ago. He said the party can tell him not to but he is firm in his decision. He assured that he would give a good replacement. \"I will even train the person\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17632370", "title": "ICU shooting triggers gang war memories", "text": "GURGAON: Just when everyone thought gang wars are a thing of the past in Gurgaon, the shocking attack by armed people inside the ICU of a Gurgaon hospital has rekindled memories of shootouts between criminal gangs in the Millennium City. The last gang war was in 2006.Statistics show that over the last few years Gurgaon's biggest gangs have been put out of business and it is the smaller splinter groups which are filling the vacuum. Most of the gangs no longer exist with their leaders dead and most members behind bars. And those left are no longer interested in bloodshed. While some have taken to politics, others have found more lucrative opportunities in the real estate business. Binder Gurjar, a man with a history of crime cases, is a municipal coucillor at present. Some of the cases are still pending in courts.Areas like the Gwal Pahari, Ghata village, Sohna Road (towards Badshapur), Hero Honda Chowk, and even the crowded district court premises were regular shootout spots till a decade ago.The first organized gang to be formed in Gurgaon's hinterland was by Bunty alias Fauji in January 1995. An advocate by profession, Bunty was a resident of Teekli village on Sohna Road. The next to follow suit was a Jharsa resident called Rajje. The first ever gang war which took place in Gurgaon was at Jharsa bandh in 1996 where Fauji shot Rajje Jharsa dead. The reason for the gang war struggle for supremacy.The list soon included others like Sunil Takla gang; Dharambeer Ullahwas gang; Sudesh alias Chailu gang; Kuldeep alias Neetu Gahlot gang; Raju Langda gang, among others.One of the most dreaded gangs to have operated in this area was called D-company, formed in 1998 under the leadership of Dilip, resident of Badshapur, a dismissed constable of Delhi Police. The gang was into extortions where it would call industrialists, doctors, jewellers, etc and demand money in return for their safety. The minimum extortion money was Rs 5 lakh.The gang was involved in the murder of the owner of S S Jewellers in the Old Gurgaon city in the late nineties. However, the gang fell apart after Dilip, who is believed to be alive, was arrested by the city police in 2001. Though Dilip is no longer in custody, he is believed to be leading a life of oblivion at present.A senior police officer said that in Gurgaon, gang wars were at their peak from the late nineties till 2004 and even 2006. \"There are no more gangs left and no gang wars now. They (gangsters) have chosen to leave their past behind and none of them wants that their posterity should live in constant fear,\" he said.A major hub of economic activity, Gurgaon is also notorious for its trigger-happy culture with the most shocking case being that of a 14-year-old student of a well-known school who was shot dead by two of his classmates inside the school premises in 2007. In a similar case, a toll attendant was shot dead by a commuter at the Kherki Dhaula toll plaza on Delhi-Gurgaon expressway in September last year following an argument over payment of toll.Sangeeta was Gurgaon's first woman gangsterAfter the death of Rajje Punjabi in a fight with rival gang, his wife Sangeeta Rajje took over the reins of the gang. She also lost her life in a gang war, when a rival gang member shot her in front of her house in Arjun Nagar. She entered the world of crime after her husband's death and was involved in more than seven murder cases. She was said to be a sharp shooter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636581", "title": "Adrien Brody doesn't dare to eat fish head curry", "text": "Adrien Brody has revealed that he loves spicy food but he is not daring enough to try the fish head curry.\"I usually try to be adventurous and taste everything put in front of me but I saw fish head curry on the menu last night and skipped it,\" the Star Online quoted him as saying.\"I went for the fish meat instead,\" he said, adding that his favourite food so far is Nasi Goreng Kampung.Brody, 39, is famous for his roles in King Kong and The Pianist, for which he won an Oscar award for Best Actor.He arrived in Malaysia on Thursday night to film an episode for a three-part television documentary.Fresh from promoting his film with Chinese director Feng Xiaogang called 'Back To 1942,' the celebrity said he had been taking some time to let off steam before filming starts.\"After travelling a lot for work prior to this, it was nice to walk around town to relax and sample some Malaysian cuisine,\" he said at a 4x4 garage in Taman Pelangi Indah, where he was preparing for the documentary.Brody, who will star alongside former Formula One driver Mika Salo from Finland , will be in Johor until Tuesday to film the finale of the television series, Shell Helix Driven to Extremes , set in the Ulu Sedili jungle trail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17635925", "title": "Shankar Dayal Sharma Srijan Samman to be held on Dec 17", "text": "BHOPAL: Shankar Dayal Sharma Srijan Samman ceremony will be held at Ravindra Bhavan on December 17 from 6 pm onwards. Cultural minister and minister for higher education Laxmikant Sharma will felicitate 13 litterateurs for creative writing at university-level high standard books in Hindi. Famous intellectual and thinker Dattatrey Hosbole will also deliver a lecture on the occasion.Shankar Dayal Sharma Srijan Samman for 2012 was conferred to Vallabh Das Mehta in economics, Prof. K.P. Singh in political science, J.P.N. Pathak in biology, P.K. Jain and M.L. Soni in commerce and Chandrashekhar Goswani and Prabha Dixit in chemistry.The award for year 2001 was given away to Shrinath Sharma in political science, Santosh Bataliya in home science, Prof. S.L. Kothari and Milind Kothari in statistics, Narendra Mohan Awasthy in geography and S.S. Shrivastava in mathematics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17633646", "title": "Truckload of coal stolen", "text": "SURAT: A truck driver sold off 19.5 tonnes of coal, which was to be delivered to a company in Jhagadia . He fled after leaving the truck back at Magdalla port from where the coal was loaded. Police have launched a manhunt for the driver, who hails from Uttar Pradesh.Dumas police said driver Dhanajay Gupta was ferrying coal for Virendra Rajput of Navsari. On Friday, he loaded 19.53 tonnes of coal worth Rs 1.07 lakh for delivery to the company in Jhagadia.Gupta sold off the consignment and brought the truck back to Magdalla and fled. \"We have launched a manhunt for the driver. He has not reached Surat or his native place,\" police inspector R J Ninama of Dumas, who is investigating the case, said.Gupta lived near Magdalla port in Surat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17631898", "title": "Auto dealers offer freebies to tide over 20% slump in sales", "text": "HYDERABAD: With car sales showing a 20% decline, city dealers are now offering huge discounts in a bid to draw more customers to boost their year-end sales. Dealers are now giving away freebies like insurance and accessories worth Rs 50,000 along with discounts ranging from Rs 30,000 to Rs 60,000 to attract buyers after a steep drop in business just after the festive boom.\"We are giving huge offers to customers this month. Accessories worth Rs 50,000 and free insurance on any purchase,\" said a Skoda car dealer in the city. \"This year, the post-festive slump has come as a huge blow. Last year, during this time we had managed to sell around 77 cars. But this year, we could sell just 25 cars so far,\" he added.R Rajesh, sales manager at a Maruti showroom in the city, said that they were trying hard to boost the sales by offering more than usual discounts this month. \"Usually, there will not be that many discounts after the festive period. But this time we are being forced to offer discounts ranging from Rs 30,000 to Rs 60,00 depending on the models,\" he said. The sales had picked up after December 15 last year and Rajesh was expecting a similar turnaround this year too.In the premium and high-end luxury segments too, sales have been hit by the slow market trend this year with dealers reporting a drop in bookings by at least 10%.Officials at a Volkswagen showroom revealed that while last December they had nearly 102 bookings, this time the projected figure is hardly 60, causing a dent in total business by 25%. \"Majority of the deliveries and purchases scheduled this month were the residual ones from the festive season. Many who had booked during Dasara and Diwali but could not close the deal then are doing so now,\" said an official from a BMW dealership here. He then added that they too are planning special year-end offers on all segments in an effort to bring in customers.The dismal figures of car sales in the city are only a reflection of the current market situation across the country. With a decline in passenger car sales in India by 8.25%, officials of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) said that high interest rates and fuel prices, and low consumer sentiments fuelled the slump.Meanwhile, another sector which enjoyed tremendous rise in sales during the festive season but is facing the heat now is electronic goods. Officials from various electronic stores in the city reported a drop in sales by 25% when compared to last year, adding that the sales would only pick up in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633742", "title": "Jats want clarification from Hooda", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Jats in Haryana have decided to go on an offensive and launch an agitation from Sunday despite Haryana government's assurances that their demand for reservation in government jobs and admission in educational institutions will be fulfilled. The agitators have announced to block all roads leading to Delhi from December 23.The agitating jats will start marching towards Delhi from all across Haryana even as differences about the agitation among jat leaders have become apparent. Some leaders, including Hawa Singh Sangwan, said that they are happy with the efforts of Haryana government to provide reservation to community members.The agitators have accused Hooda government of misleading the community on reservation while questioning how it will implement 10% reservation in jobs for jats when the Supreme Court ruling in Indira Sawhney case does not allow job reservation exceeding 50%.This faction has demanded to include jats in the already existing list of OBC castes which provide 27% reservation in government jobs and admission in educational institutions.Haryana government has in principle accepted the report of Haryana Backward Classes Commission, which has recently recommended 10% additional reservation for five castes -- jats, jat Sikhs, bishnois, rorr and tyagis -- in the category of special backward classes.However, national president of Sanyukt Jat Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti, H P S Parihar, said,\" \"We want a clarification from Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , as to how the state government will implement 10% reservation because, with this special quota, the reservation percentage in the state will exceed 50%.\" The Supreme Court, in Indira Sahney case in 1992, has held that reservation in government jobs cannot exceed 50%, Parihar said. As per existing reservation structure, Haryana provides 20% quota for scheduled castes and 27% to backward classes. With 10% additional quota, the reservation percentage will reach 57%.Meanwhile, Hawa Singh Sangwan, president of Akhil Bhartiya Jat Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti, Haryana unit, said that the chief minister has invited leaders of the samiti and khaps on December 17 to discuss the issue. \"We will express our gratitude to the chief minister for his efforts to ensure reservation to jats,\" he added.'Quota above 50% possible'A member of Haryana Backward Classes Commission, Jai Singh Bishnoi, said on Saturday that government may give more than 50% reservation after examining the provisions of para 810 of SC judgement in Indira Sawhney case. \"Tamil Nadu has already given 69% reservation while Rajasthan has planned to add 5% reservation for five communities - gujjar, gariya-lohar, gadriya, banjara and rebari (raika) - over and above the already existing 49% reservation in the state,\" Bishnoi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17633020", "title": "Weekend witnesses ocean of protestors", "text": "LUCKNOW: Saturday was virtually a day of protests in Uttar Pradesh. While state government employees continued with their demonstration against quota in promotion bill, political parties like Congress, Rashtriya Lok Dal and Bharatiya Janata Party chipped in with their share of demonstrations slamming Akhilesh Yadav government on issues like sugarcane price, and deteriorating law and order situation in the state.Most of the government offices wore a deserted look with around 18 lakh employees of the general and OBC category boycotting work for the third consecutive day. In Lucknow, employees locked the gates of government offices and carried out a protest march outside Vidhan Bhawan. Reports of employees protesting under the aegis of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, trickled from other districts as well.As if that was not enough, RLD gave a state-wide protest call - 'Vaada Nibhao Aandolan' - against the state government move to increase transport charges from Rs 5.75 to Rs 8.75 per quintal for sugarcane farmers in the state. The charges would be deducted from the state advisory price. The party workers also demanded immediate procurement of paddy at the government centres. While staging their protest, party workers consigned sugarcane and paddy to flames at the party state office in Lucknow.Later they handed over a representation to officials of district administration. In their representation, addressed to UP governor BL Joshi, the party also demanded setting up of a high court bench in west UP besides allocation of land for airport in cities like Agra and Jhansi. RLD state president, Munna Singh Chauhan said, \"The SP-led state government has failed on all accounts. Be it taking care of farmers or providing facilities to the common man, the state government has not done its bit.\"RLD's agitation coincided with Bharatiya Janata Party's 'Hahakaar Rally' in protest of the deteriorating law and order situation in UP. The protest was led by BJP state president, Laxmikant Bajpayi in Meerut from where he is an MLA. Speaking to reporters, the BJP state president said that the party would be coming up with a helpline number, where people can register their complaints. The number is likely to be launched on the birthday of BJP's stalwart leader Atal Behari Vajpayee on December 25.Union minister of state for HRD Jitin Prasada took part in the Congress agitation in Sitapur against a sugarcane mill in Behta block of Sitapur. Prasada alleged that the mill has been rejecting a special variety of sugarcane brought by the farmers. He said that the sugarcane is rather sold off to the middlemen.The day also saw thousands of women from schedule tribes and other traditional forest dwelling communities carrying out a protest march from Charbagh to Vidhan Sabha. The women carrying bows and arrows, sought revival of the implementation of Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) Act. Meanwhile, Yoga guru Baba Ramdev invoked freedom fighter and India's first deputy prime minister Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel to target the Centre while addressing a gathering in an event organised on the occasion of Patel's death anniversary. Ramdev said that India could have been at a better stage if Patel was the prime minister of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17631054", "title": "RTO to issue licences from December 26", "text": "PUNE: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) has failed to stick to its deadline of December 16 for resuming computerized tests for issuing of learner's licences at its office near Sangam bridge. Officials on Saturday said services are expected to resume on December 26, as the repair and upgradation work was still going on.An RTO official said, \"The upgradation work is yet to be completed. It will take another 10 days to replace the computers and underground cables. We plan to commence tests for new applicants from December 26.\"\"Fresh applications for learning licences will not be accepted till December 25. However, applications in certain cases will be accepted. For example, if an applicant already possesses a two-wheeler licence and wants to apply for a four-wheeler licence, the application will be accepted as the applicant won't have to appear for the computerized test,\" the official said.Issuing of learner's licences was stopped on December 8 as the computerized system had been witnessing repeated problems during the last two months. Applicants had been facing frequent difficulties in completing their tests because of the repeated breakdowns of the system. Of the 57 computers that were being used to conduct the tests, as many as 38 were facing problems. Many of them were showing wrong results.The RTO, last week, decided to change the underground cables and also replace the computers. It is spending nearly Rs 17 lakh on the upgrdation work. The RTO near Sangam bridge receives around 500 learner's licence applications every day, while the one on Alandi road receives around 200 applications daily.The official said the facility at the Alandi road office was working smoothly as the software there works on a different server. \"Those who want a learner's licence urgently can approach the Alandi office, but the maximum capacity of conducting tests there is 250 per day. We will not be able to handle additional applications,\" the official said.Meanwhile, the Pune City Auto Rickshaw Federation has urged the RTO to complete the upgradation work as soon as possible to avoid inconvenience to citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636383", "title": "World\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s best beer selling in US for first and last time", "text": "A rare Belgian beer called Westvleteren XII - often called the best beer in the world - has made its US debut, although it may not be sold there for long.The beer - produced by Trappist monks at the abbey of Saint Sixtus in the Belgian countryside - is normally only available for purchase through hard-to-get reservations.The monks decided to sell their beer outside the monastery for one time after the abbey went through a round of expensive renovations, the Huffington Post reported.Westvleteren Brewery spokesman Mark Bode told NPR that he believed \"it will be the last [time]\" the beer would be sold in this manner.\"They say, 'We are monks, we don't want to be too commercial. We needed some money to help us buy the new abbey and that's it,' Back to normal again,\" he said.Since December 12, a limited number of stores have started selling \"bricks\" of the beer - a gift box with six 11.2-ounce bottles and two glasses - for 84.99 dollars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17632882", "title": "Employees continue to protest against SC/ST quota bill", "text": "VARANASI: The government employees and officers continued their strike on Saturday in protest against SC/ST quota bill. The call for strike was given by the Sarvjan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti.While the employees and officers of PWD, under the banner of Sarvjan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, carried out a procession to the district headquarters, the employees of 28 departments, associated with Vikas Bhawan Rajya Karmachari Sangh, staged dharna and held meeting in front of Vikas Bhawan on Saturday.Reiterating their pledge, they said the agitation would continue to oppose the SC/ST quota bill. According to president of Vikas Bhawan Rajya Karmachari Sangh, Mahima Dutta Dwivedi, \"the employees will continue their protest by boycotting the work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ankleshwar", "code": "17633625", "title": "Space talk with NASA scientists enthralls children in Ankleshwar", "text": "ANKLESHWAR: Several students of Ankleshwar interacted with engineers of National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), which is headquartered at Houston, USA, through a live video conference here on Friday.The event was organized jointly by Rotary Club and Ankleshwar Industries Association. At least 500 students of class VIII to XI from 14 schools participated in the live conference with NASA scientists.NASA's Johnson Space Centre, Houston, USA, executives explained to the students aeronautics and space science and its operations through rare live videos.Sixteen students asked them questions about space science, stars and galaxy. NASA executives Rubik Sheth and Scott Hansen answered the questions put forth by the students.Sheth and Hansen gave presentation about the current and future projects of NASA. The James Webb Space Telescope will replace the existing 'Hubble Space Telescope', they said. The new telescope will provide better pictures of space, stars and planets beyond the solar system. Khushbu Anandpura said, \"I was curious to know about space &amp; NASA. This information has inspired me to study space science.\"President, Rotary Club, Manish Shah said, \"For the students of Ankleshwar, this exposure was of a different kind. This will enhance their knowledge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17631248", "title": "Two minors among three rescued from red light area", "text": "NAGPUR: Three victims, including two minors, were rescued from the city's notorious red light area Ganga Jamuna during a raid on Friday evening. The raid was jointly conducted by the Lakadganj police and a Pune-based NGO.It is learnt that Lakadganj police swung into action after the NGO brought information about minors being forced into flesh trade at a brothel in Ganga Jamuna. The Kammo building was raided by the police and the NGO from where three women were rescued.One of the minors was brought to the brothel earlier this week from Rajasthan while the other two had been in the trade for around one year. The girls were sent to the government remand home.Police also arrested Shubhna Chatrawat, Shaloni Dhanawat, Tanna Dhanawat and Nikita Dhanawat from the brothel. After being produced before the court, the four were remanded to police custody until December 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17630778", "title": "First batch of ATS gets armed with skills in Urdu", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of 30 police officers and staff of the state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) became the first batch to learn Urdu \"to know the Muslim community better and help them in whatever way possible\".The group learnt the 400-year-old language from three teachers in a span of three months.The programme was initiated by ATS chief Rakesh Maria (55) around three- and- a- half months ago. \"We had been struggling to start an Urdu class for our men. While initially, we got a good response from the community leaders, later they did not come forward. We had to pursue them for a while before they agreed to be part of this programme. The community leaders helped us find a set of good teachers, of which three were selected,\" said Maria. On the need for ATS staff to learn Urdu, Maria said, \"If you know a language that is spoken and read by the people of a community on a larger level, you can understand their problems, issues and perceptions better.\"\"It will also help the ATS to mingle with the community people, meet their leaders and take their help in various things. Our intention is to bridge the gap between the police and the Muslim community. With this programme, the ice of lack of communication between the police and the Muslim community has broken. We believe it's a good sign,\" he said.Earlier, in several cases, whenever the ATS needed help of Urdu-knowing people, it had to call people from the Muslim community. \"Our officers are identifying Muslim students from various colleges and we will organize an interaction programme with them in January next year. We will ask them about their perception towards the police, their expectations and how relationship with them can be improved,\" added Maria. Interactive sessions between the ATS and Muslim engineers, doctors, academicians and scholars have been held in the recent past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17631784", "title": "Infrastructure development push for LWE-hit areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has lined up a series of plans and interventions to encourage infrastructure development in Left Wing Extremism (LWE)-affected areas along with promoting economic inclusiveness. While the Planning Commission has agreed to fund setting up of ultra small bank branches in 60 Naxal-affected districts over the next five years, the department of posts would open 8,042 post offices in these areas by 2017. The Union home ministry is also batting for cellphone connectivity for locals by the end of next year.To expedite a range of schemes and developmental initiatives, the Cabinet secretary, who heads the committee of secretaries (CoS), has called a meeting of over a dozen secretaries on Tuesday. Army chief Gen Bikram Singh will also attend the meeting, which is being held after all the wings of the Central government associated with tackling LWE submitted their feedback to the Cabinet secretariat. At least 82 districts have been identified as affected by Maoist insurgency.The Cabinet secretariat had swung into action after Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh took up the issue of non-existent physical and social infrastructure in Naxal-affected districts in July. Ramesh had cited that out of 28,037 gram panchayats only 15,139 have post offices coupled with poor health facilities and attendant inadequacies.Opening of post offices and small bank branches are crucial considering the government's plan to cover all areas under its game-changer direct cash transfer scheme. Highlighting how primary schools in these areas did not have children to study, Ramesh had pushed the proposal of setting up of big residential schools where 1,000 to 2,000 students can stay and study.The CoS, on Tuesday, is scheduled to take up a range of issues including the need to push cellphone connectivity and location of towers in these regions. While BSNL has submitted that they have planned for satellite phone facilities for security forces posted here the home ministry wants that the mobile connectivity should be provided not just to police but to people. Home ministry has identified 2,119 locations in nine LWE states and these are adjacent to camps of security forces and police stations.Makeover on the cards* 8,042 more post offices to be opened during 2012-17* Ultra small branch of banks in 60 districts during 2012-17* MHA identified 2,199 locations for establishing cellphone towers* Cellphone connectivity for locals by December, 2013* Expedite road construction* Large residential schools* Mobile medical vans to deal with malaria cases* Expedite forest clearance for laying power transmission lines", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17631078", "title": "Dismissal irks mukhiya body", "text": "GARHWA: The mukhiya association of Palamu and Garhwa districts are up in arms against the district administration over dismissal of Sondag panchayat mukhiya Malti Devi.Malti Devi was dismissed on charges of irregularities in selection of 74 Indira Awaas Yojana beneficiaries.The mukhiya association of the two districts has decided to call on DC R P Sinha demanding revoking of the decision to dismiss Malti Devi. It has also threatened to demonstrate if the demand is not met.The public meeting for reselection of 74 Indira Awas beneficiaries which was scheduled on Friday triggered a strong protest by the Mukhiya association in presence of the Ranka SDO Chandra Mohan Prasad and BDO Dhananjay Kumar. Mukhiyas were protesting against the dismissal of Malti Devi, the mukhiya of Sondag panchayat of Ranka block.Although the SDO in controlling the chaos he could not hold the meting for reselection of the IAY beneficiaries as villagers were adamant on their stand that IAY should be allotted to the already selected beneficiaries in the last public meeting. However, the SDO and the BDO had to return without holding the meeting.On the other, mukhiya association of Palamu and Garhwa districts have decided to call on the DC RP Sinha demanding revoking the dismissal of the mukhiya.\"All mukhiya of the twin district will launch stir against the district administration if the dismissal of Malti Devi was not revoked\", said Anuj Kumar Tripathy, the president of Palamu district mukhiya association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17632492", "title": "New drugs in the offing for free distribution over counters", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Medical Services Corporation (RMSC) has sought suggestions from senior doctors of Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital to prepare a list of more advanced new drugs for distributing them to patients under chief minister free medicine scheme.At present, more than 480 essential medicines and surgical items are being distributed free to patients but now the state government is increasing it to 600 after successfully implementing the scheme in the state.The government officials said that the patients coming to the government hospitals have increased by more than 50% after the launch of free medicine scheme on October 2. Now, more than 2.33 lakh patients are coming to hospitals daily. So, far more than 7 crore patients have benefited from the free medicines scheme, as per the medical, health and family welfare figures.A committee of senior doctors would prepare a list of more than 100 medicines. The list of medicines would be presented in the high power state level technical advisory committee, which would be held next week under RMSC. The key persons in the committee would be RMSC managing director Dr Samit Sharma, Rajasthan University of Health Science vice-chancellor, medical health and family welfare department directors and principals of government medical colleges. Earlier, chief minister Ashok Gehlot had announced that the number of free medicines available at drug distribution centres (DDC) would be increased to 600 soon. The medical health and family welfare department has now stepped up efforts to release the list of new medicines soon.Dr Samit Sharma said, \"The meeting will be held next week and it would be decided in the meeting which are the new drugs that would be distributed free from the DDC in government hospitals and health centres.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17633648", "title": "Newborn found near rail track", "text": "SURAT: A newborn baby boy was found near the railway track in Limbayat and handed over to the police. The five-day-old baby is now admitted to SMIMER Hospital. Police have begun a search to find out the baby's parents.Nanda Vadari, a resident of Shreenath Society, Nilgiri, Limbayat, on finding the two-day-old baby crying on Wednesday from near the railway track informed Limbayat police station officials.\"We have admitted the newborn to SMIMER Hospital. We have so far not been able to find out about the baby's parents,\" woman PSI I N Savaliya, who is investigating the case, said. If the child's mother is not found, he will be handed over to children's home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635871", "title": "The naked do-gooders?", "text": "Is it all for a cause or is posing nude simply irresistible for its glamour quotient? Nona Walia steps into the risque land of calendar girls and boys to understand how stripping for charity came into vogue.A Harrods's executive, Charlotte Solomon suffered a rare miscarriage that triggered cancer. Following the diagnosis and its devastating effect on her, she raised \u00c2\u00a370,000 by stripping naked for a calendar to raise awareness for cancer. She even convinced 28 of her friends to join her cause and shed their clothes. \"Dealing with the miscarriage and the consequent diagnosis of a critical illness was the most challenging thing I've ever done. That's why I decided to raise funds through a calendar. We were happy to shed our clothes for a cause,\" she says.Even a while ago it wouldn't have been this easy for Solomon to convince 28 other women to strip in front of a camera. But things have changed. Since the idea of posing nude for charity took off in the 1990s, more than 6,000 calendars have been published the world over. In the last two decades, women \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and men \u00e2\u20ac\u201d of all ages, sizes, and from different walks of life, have been shedding clothes to raise money for any cause they support.The best known and most successful nude calendar for charity till date is the first one of its kind \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the UK Women's Institute Calendar that came out in 1996. It has raised over US $2 million for leukaemia till date, and even went on to inspire the Julie Walters and Helen Mirren-starrer film Calendar Girls. The super success of these 50-something Yorkshire women in raising such a generous amount of money hasn't been replicated by any other nude calendar since then, but the means that they adopted to raise the money, ie, stripping, has become the most popular way to draw eyeballs to a charitable cause.It's not just models or actors who are stripping to grab eyeballs for a cause. Normal people, leading ordinary lives, are subjects of nude charity calendars. In fact, anonymity is what makes them more desirable as naked muses. There's far more shock value in looking at a nude photo of a college student, middle-aged housewife or a bartender than a model.Explains sociologist Shiv Visvanathan about why it has become so easy for people to shed clothes, \"The banalisation of the human body to advance one's career is acceptable today. People think, like IQ, the body must be used to the fullest to get maximum out of life.\"Author Kishwar Desai believes stripping for charity has become such a rage because \"it's a low-cost method to get maximum mileage\". Though she personally thinks stripping is more of a juvenile gimmick in most cases, she is not ready to pooh-pooh it either. \"People don't feel bad looking at or buying seminude visuals if they think it's supporting a good cause. It is extremely difficult to get people to part with money, so why not resort to a tactic that is sure to get attention? Charities need money, and as long as a nude shoot is tastefully done, why not?\" asks Desai.Japanese sprinter, Maya Nakanishi, published a calendar featuring semi-nude pictures of herself in a bid to fund her training and trip to London for the Paralympic Games in 2012. She is seen posing semi-nude with her prosthetic leg. Be it a larger social cause like hers, Solomon's or relatively smaller ones that affect people on a more personal level \u00e2\u20ac\u201d like the Bristol University netball team which posed in their skins to raise money for fitness classes and sports kit; the bartenders in York who did the full monty to raise money for a local river safety campaign following the drowning of a colleague \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the quick and successive nude calendars by normal people do raise a pertinent question. Is stripping for charity still a means to an end? Or has it become an end in itself, where shedding clothes is the highlight rather than the money that may, or may not, follow?Says Akhila Shivdas, of Centre of Media Advocacy, \"In India too we've had Bollywood girls shed their clothes for charitable causes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d disabled Bollywood actor, Gehana Vasisth, protested in a bikini against potholes on Mumbai roads. Actor Kavita Radheshyam shed her clothes fighting against cruelty to animals \u00e2\u20ac\u201d but where's the seva and compassion if you resort to only fun ways of getting the money. Charity isn't only about money. It's more to do with being one with the cause.\" The list of calendars featuring nudes has certainly multiplied, but curiously, the money donated for any particular cause hasn't, in most cases.Ros Fawcett, one of the 1996 original calendar girls, says, \"It was a novel thing for middle-aged women to get money posing nude when we did it. Now, it's more of a trend.\" Adman Santosh Desai explains, \"Even with the sensationalism attached to nudity, if there's an overdose, the shock value decreases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17636556", "title": "India offers sympathies to families affected by US school tragedy", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has expressed grief over the massacre of 20 children and seven adults in an American school, saying the horrific violence \"leaves the whole world diminished\".External affairs minister, Salman Khurshid , sent condolences to US secretary of state Hillary Clinton .\"I was deeply saddened to learn the terrible news. The killing of the children is a particularly abhorrent act, one which leaves the whole world diminished,\" Khurshid said.Offering sympathy to families of the victims in Connecticut , he said \"Please accept my personal sympathy and solidarity , and that of the people of India for the friendly people of the US.\"As you and the American people try to come to terms with this act of complete senselessness, and to address the trauma caused by it, I want you to know that the government and people of India share your grief and prayers for consolation,\" he added.A gunman Friday opened fire at an elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut. He too was killed. It is the second worst massacre of its kind in the US after the Virginia Tech Massacre of 2007 that left 33 dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17631222", "title": "Businessman steps out to jog, shot dead in Oshiwara", "text": "MUMBAI: A 44-year-old businessman, Ejaj Ahmed Khan, was shot dead by unidentified persons when he left his residential building in Oshiwara for jogging on Saturday evening.According to the police, Khan was a controversial businessman and allegations had been levelled against him in the past. Investigators are now probing if a past rivalry could have lead to Khan's murder. The incident took place on the stretch between Khan's residential building at Millat Nagar and a public garden, where he was going to jog.A person known to Khan spotted him lying on the road. Khan was taken to Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital, where doctors declared him dead on arrival. The doctors then informed the police.The police said that attacker/s had shot Khan from a close range. The Oshiwara police and the crime branch are conducting parallel investigations and are inquiring with his family members to know if he had recently received a threat anyone.The police said that no one has come forward to help them and they are looking for eye-witnesses. A source said Khan was dealing in Chinese products and was also working with a builder. The police are inquiring with Khan's friends and associates. Investigators are also probing if the underworld was involved in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17631708", "title": "Pyari party to stage play against CM", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra has taken his fight against chief minister Naveen Patnaik to the streets, literally. Pyarimohan-led Odisha Jan Morcha (OJM) members are busy rehearsing for a streetplay in the party's Saheed Nagar head office, to be staged in the run up to the OJM's public rally at Baripada on December 28.OJM sources said the artistes will embarrass the Naveen Patnaik led-government by highlighting its misdeeds and scams through a series of streetplays, before and during the rally.Pyarimohan is himself reportedly taking keen interest to ensure the success of the Naveen-bashing play.Pyarimohan and his aide Jagneswar were seen keenly watching a rehearsal of the show on Saturday.\"Pyarimohan was impressed with the theme and personally intervened to improve some lines. It will be very effective,\" an OJM man said.During an informal chat with the reporters, Pyarimohan sought not to disclose much. He said, \"Streetplay is a medium to disseminate information. You have to wait to know more in the coming days.\"It will be the third such public meeting of OJM after its formation.The expelled BJD leader had first addressed a rally in Bhubaneswar on October 28. After that he convened another public meeting at Bhawanipatna on November 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "17635659", "title": "Free eye check-up camp by Delhi Diabetes Research Centre", "text": "DELHI: Centre for Sight conducted a free eye check-up camp at the two-day mela organised by Delhi Diabetes Research Centre (DDRC) at East Punjabi Bagh on Saturday. Officials said around 200 people got their eyes examined on the first day of the eye camp.\"Diabetic Retinopathy is a silent vision snatcher. Patient comes to know about diabetes when the disease is in advanced stage, so regular examination is required by your ophthalmologist. Vision once lost cannot be recovered after treatment. Early detection is the only way to prevent and treat Diabetic Retinopathy,\" said Dr Mahipal Sachdev, Chairman and Medical Director, Centre for Sight Group of Eye Hospitals.He said that all diabetics are at a risk of getting Diabetic Retinopathy. \"It has been observed that about 80% of the long standing diabetics (15 years or more) have some damage in the blood vessels of their retina. Uncontrolled diabetes puts you at a greater risk of getting Diabetic Retinopathy,\" Dr Sachdev said.Experts say treatment options include laser photocoagulation, injection of drugs and vitreoretinal surgery as the case maybe. Timely photocoagulation helps to reduce the risk of severe vision loss. This strategy of early detection and prompt management helps to decrease the incidence of blindness due to diabetes. Severe untreated diabetic retinopathy may require complex vitreoretinal surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17632884", "title": "Puranapul antiques likely to be from Gaharwar period", "text": "VARANASI: Though the Archeological Survey of India (ASI) officials are refusing to comment officially regarding the antiques recovered near Puranapul on Saturday, it is believed that the recovered artistic stone pieces are of Gaharwar (Gahadvala) period.When the ASI officials were contacted, they said until the recovered antiques are handed over to them for proper examination, making any official comment in this regard is impossible for them. But during their initial inspection, they felt that the busts could be of 12th century when Varanasi had become the capital of Gaharwar dynasty. One of the recovered busts is believed to be a sculpture of Uma-Maheshwar (Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvati).By going through the pages of history, it can be known that in 1090 AD, Chandradeva had founded the Kannauj (Gahadvala) dynasty. Later, he expanded the kingdom to other regions, including Delhi, Ayodhya, and Varanasi.During the rule of his successor, Govindachandra, from 1114-1154, the state of Gaharwar reached the pinnacle of its power, occupying much of present-day Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. Govindachandra moved his capital from Kannauj to Varanasi. His queen Kumaradevi was a devout Buddhist, and Govindachandra was a patron of both Hindu temples and Buddhist monasteries.The ASI officials revealed that the monument-I of Sarnath was also built by Kumaradevi. Inscription of Kumardevi, which refers to construction of the Dharmachakra Jinavihar by the queen at Sarnath are also some of those important antiques displayed in the western side of the gallery of Sarnath museum. The site where the antiques were recovered on Saturday was used as the main route to connect Varanasi and Sarnath in ancient and also in medieval periods.But to establish all these facts, the ASI officials want these stone pieces in their possession. And that would become possible only after the procedure of seizure of the antiques by the police and handing them over to ASI on the order of a magistrate. The ADM City MP Singh said the district administration and police would take a decision in this regard very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17631744", "title": "Parents raise pitch for rollback", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Parents of students studying in DAV Public School on Saturday reiterated their demand of withdrawing the revised fee and sought the government's intervention into the issue. They also threatened to lock up all 42 DAV public schools of the state from Tuesday, if the government and school authorities don't review the decision.\"The government must intervene into the fee hike issue as school authorities violated the Right to Education (RTE) Act. Even the school management defied the Cuttack district collector's suggestions,\" said Aptakam Mishra, the general secretary of All Odisha DAV School Parents' Coordination Committee.He added, \"Parents will not pay the revised fee, which was imposed by the school authorities illegally, as the matter is sub-judice in the Supreme Court. We are also going to file a contempt of court case against the school management.\" The next hearing of the case is on January 14.The regional director of DAV schools, Himanshu Mohanty, on Friday ruled out any rollback in fee hike.Even though the speaker had asked the school and mass education minister to present a statement on the fee hike issue in the assembly, the parents alleged that the minister is avoiding the issue because the whole problem was created by the government after the chairman of the interim committee gave the green signal for fee hike.Mishra said, \"We would not prohibit Class-X and XII students to enter the school as we don't want their studies to be affected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "the birth of a son is usually a cause for celebration. during christmas, one often sees, etched on traditional greeting cards, the line", "code": "17633595", "title": "Do we care for this child?", "text": "The birth of a son is usually a cause for celebration. During Christmas, one often sees, etched on traditional greeting cards, the line: \"Unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given.\" It's that time of the year when cyberspace is cluttered with mushy messages of love, peace, goodwill, and charity towards one's neighbour.About two months ago, in an obscure, thatched hut in the village of Gaddi in Latona panchayat, Supaul, a child was born to Rashida Khatoon, wife of Manzoor, a daily wage earner. This infant was destined to become news, and he did so within a few days of his birth, a photograph and write-up measuring about nine column inches in the Supaul edition of a Hindi daily. The child had a tumour-like growth on its head that weighed approximately a kilo-and-a-half. The caption read: \"Woman gives birth to freak child.\"In 'Pavitra Hriday' (Sacred Heart) High School at Latona, Sumit Menezes, a teacher and Jesuit, had glanced through the newspaper, skimmed through the item, and had gone on to other headlines. He was unaware how soon this infant would soon impact his life.\"Almost 10 days had passed, I was teaching the class English, and we were doing David Copperfield. The discussion expanded to the lesson's relationship with life and society, and the Class 8 students brought up the subject. They said, \"This child is in a village not far from us. Why can't we help?' Some students had seen the child. So I told them to ask the principal, T M Joseph, what could be done. The children were granted permission to raise some resources for the family. The school strength is about 850 students. Together, they put together about Rs 1,500 as well as some useful items, and then we went to the village to see the child.\"The students themselves had set the challenge, if they could be so selfless, couldn't the adults do more? The schoolchildren and their teacher visited Gaddi village. Sumit saw the infant. \"It was the first time that I was seeing this child, born with a big tumour or whatever on its head... one-and-a-half kg... now it could be about two kgs, it's growing\", he says. \"We managed to get a vehicle, someone donated the petrol and we took the child to the hospital. The child was shown to the district hospital doctors, and they recommended that it be taken to PMCH. Though the civil surgeon told the parents a free government ambulance would take the child to Patna Medical College Hospital, it never happened.\"Sumit contacted Poonam Srivastava of the Supaul District Mahila Samakhya, who immediately responded by visiting the family. Staff members of Bihar Mahila Samakhya Society pooled together about Rs 5,000 and arranged for the transportation of the child and parents to Patna.In the meanwhile, the Christian kids pestered their parents, and in a Parish Council meeting, the Catholic families raised about Rs 1,000 towards the treatment of the child. When Maulana Arshad, a Muslim cleric, learnt what was happening, he addressed the village congregation during Friday prayers and the Muslim community handed over about Rs 2,000 towards the effort.The family arrived in Patna in the thick of the Chhath season, not knowing exactly what to do next. The doctors at the PMCH recommended some tests. Peter Arokiaswamy, principal of St. Michael's school, helped out by getting in touch with some old boys who happened to be the city's well-known doctors. The PMCH was overwhelmed with the casualties from the Chhath stampede, so the doctors asked the couple to take the child to IGIMS (Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences), where necessary tests were done. The next step for diagnosis was an MRI - A Magnetic Resonance Imaging Scan.\"Unfortunately, at the Patna Medical College Hospital, the MRI scan machine was out of order, so we had to take the child to a private clinic in Kankarbagh. The parents had a funds problem, so the St Michael's community helped out with Rs 5,000 that would cover the minimum cost of the scan. The MRI people tried for five hours, but could not succeed, because the child was crying and restless. They promised to try the next day. The child was given some mild sedatives, but even then the scan couldn't be done,\" says Sumit. Disheartened, the poor parents, unable to stay on in Patna, returned to the village.The tumour is growing. Should the child be left to fate? Sumit recently tried to engage local journalists, but the unspoken attitude is, \"This freak child story has already been reported. No more news value...\"What's to happen? The teacher remembers the faces of the kids who started him on this Quixotic quest. The press saw a freak. The school kids - none of them affluent or connected - saw a child in peril. They ask him, \"What's next? What's happening?\" Sumit asks, \"What do I answer? Have we really done enough? What is the value of a human child?\"A Christmas song plays in the background, \"The world is waiting for one child... black, white, brown, yellow, no one knows, but a child who will turn tears to laughter, despair to hope, and everyone into everyone's neighbour.\" Do we care?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17632445", "title": "H D Kumaraswamy trains guns on RSS leader", "text": "MANGALORE: JD(S) state president H D Kumaraswamy on Saturday took a potshot at RSS leader Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat and police, and said they will have to face the music in future for 'fixing innocent journalist' Naveen Soorinje in the homestay attack case. He accused Prabhakara Bhat of creating an atmosphere of fear in society.\"Those Hindutva advocates are misleading youths in the name of religion, culture and morality. Those leaders, who could not contribute for religion, are arguing for Hindu culture. We will not allow them to continue like this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17632350", "title": "Basant Fauji on police remand", "text": "GURGAON: The six people, arrested in connection with the ICU shooting at Sunrise Hospital in Gurgaon, were produced in court on Saturday. While five of them were sent in 14 days' judicial custody, Basant Fauji, the main suspect, was sent on two days' police remand. A senior police officer said the licensed revolver belonging to Fauji will be recovered as soon possible. \"Fauji told the police that he had hidden the revolver after the incident. Our teams are conducting raids,\" he said. The police are also on the lookout for the two remaining suspects who are still at large.Apart from Fauji, the others arrested in the ICU shooting case have been identified as Manjit, Kalu alias Lakhan, Manoj Singh alias Pardhan alias Aaloo, Dinesh and Raju. They were produced before the court after completion of the two-day police remand.\"We are waiting to arrest the other two suspects. It will be clear who actually shot at the victims only after all the suspects are interrogated,\" DCP (crime) Maheshwar Dayal.Following an old dispute over parking of commercial vehicles, on Tuesday, a dozen armed men opened fire at Satbir Singh Raghav, a transporter, and his son, Joginder alias Jony, at the ICU of the Sunrise Hospital. The father-son duo was referred to the city's Medanta Medicity Hospital, where Joginder succumbed to injuries while Satbir was later shifted to RML Hospital, Delhi, where he is reported to be out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17633297", "title": "Kabaddi finale leads to haywire traffic", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents had a tough time commuting as the third Kabaddi World Cup left traffic jams in its wake. Public enthusiasm for the world cup was evident not just in the stadium but also on city roads, which were rife with traffic bottlenecks, especially after schools and colleges closed for the day.Alternative arrangements made by the administration and police came to naught as road traffic kept swelling relentlessly. Buses ferrying viewers from across the state to the Guru Nanak Stadium compounded the situation. A live performance by Katrina Kaif added to people's desperation to get to the stadium. \"There was an unprecedented rush on the roads all day. We thought things would come to such a pass only by evening. I took 25 minutes to reach home from college, the journey takes only 10 minutes,\" said Ankita Agarwal of Sarabha Nagar. Vaibhav Gupta of new Sarabha Nagar extension said he went to his father's office on Mall Road but was stuck on his way back. \"It took me half an hour to reach Bharat Nagar Chowk. There were jams on Ferozepur Road and Pakhowal Road as well,\" said Gupta.\"Such programmes should be organized outside the city so residents do not face traffic woes,\" said Munishwar Sharma, a businessman of BRS Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17633019", "title": "CBI supports closure report", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI on Saturday supported its closure report in the mysterious death of deputy CMO Dr Y S Sachan saying that Dr Malti, widow of Dr Sachan, could not show any legal and factual infirmity in the probe. Special CBI judge Neel Kant Mani Tripathi posted the case on January 5 as the counsel for Dr Malti had sought time to reply CBI's contention.The CBI had on September 28 filed its closure report in Sachan murder case in the court saying the conclusive evidence pointed to suicide. The report said during the investigation, no evidence had come on record indicating Dr Sachan's death in jail on June 22, 2011 to be a homicide. The evidence collected during investigation, including statements of witnesses and expert opinions, pointed out that Sachan had committed suicide, it had said.However, on November 24, Malti filed the application in the court challenging the CBI's closure report on various counts. She had said that prima facie her husband's death seemed to be a case of murder. She had also said that when Dr Sachan was in jail, he wrote a letter to her expressing apprehensions that he might be killed, but the CBI did not carry out satisfactory probe into this aspect.In response, the CBI on Saturday told the court that the application of Dr Malti against the closure report was devoid of merit and should be rejected. The agency also said that a thorough and professional investigation into the case was carried out. The CBI said that the issues raised by Dr Malti in her application were also looked into during the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17631694", "title": "NDRF rescue op contest on December 17", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: All 10 battalions of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) stationed at various parts of the country will take part in a first-of-its-kind competition to show their skills in rescue operations in the aftermath of earthquakes.The two-day CSSR (Collapsed Structure Search and Rescue) operation contest will start at Mundali on December 17, a senior official of 3rd NDRF said.On the first day, the forces will show their prowess at rescuing people from collapsed structures. On the second day, there will be a canine search contest among dog squads of the battalions to test their effectiveness in locating victims in collapsed structures, the officer added.The winning teams in both the categories will receive prizes during the NDRF Raising Day on January 19. The NDRF battalions are stationed at Guwahati, Kolkata, Mundali, Arakonam ( Tamil Nadu ), Pune, Gandhinagar , Bathinda, Ghaziabad, Patna and Guntur ( Andhra Pradesh ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632203", "title": "LPG delivery man found murdered", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 40-year-old man was found murdered near Sonia Vihar.The victim, Udayvir, was missing from Thursday. There was a bullet wound on the forehead.% Udayvir used to work for a gas agency. On Thursday, he had gone out to deliver cylinders. He had 40 cylinders and Rs 40,000 with him. He went missing after that. After the body was found, locals pro8te8sted outside the police station, forcing the cops to resort to a truncheon charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17633058", "title": "HC orders inspection of hospital", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has ordered the district collector of Madurai to conduct inspection at the Thoppur Thoracic Medicine Hospital and to file a detailed report before the bench.Seeking a direction to the departments of Health and Family Welfare and the Electricity Board, C Anantha Raj of Krishnapuram Colony filed a PIL before the bench.When the petition came up before the division bench comprising Justices M Jaichandren and S Nagamuthu for admission, the petitioner's advocate R Alagumani told the court that the Madurai's Thoppur Infectious Diseases Hospital was the only hospital for people who lived in the southern districts of Tamil Nadu, but it was in terrible shape. The hospital, which was established in 1960 by K Kamaraj, then chief minister of the erstwhile Madras Province, has a tuberculosis unit, cholera collection centre and a multi drug resistance hospital.Patients suffering from TB, Cholera, HIV, Mumps, Measles and other infectious diseases are referred to this hospital.The hospital does not have basic facilities like blood testing which pushes patients to Madurai Rajaji General Hospital which is 18 km away, the counsel told the court.The court was also told about the lack of staff and poor maintenance of the hospital.While the sanctioned strength of the hospital is 90, only 60 are at work. Due to poor maintenance, the kitchen and toilets are not in good condition. Besides, electric lights are not in use, the counsel told the court.Even though detail representations were sent to the authorities and the chief minister's cell on November 25, no action was taken, the court was told.Following the plea, the bench ordered the collector to make a field visit to the hospital and file a detail report regarding before it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17630758", "title": "Sisters seek cop protection from family", "text": "MUMBAI: Two sisters from Pune, Lakshmi Rathod (20) and Vimala Rathod (19), have demanded police protection against their parents for reportedly threatening them with violence, allegedly over their religious beliefs. The two, who belong to a traditional Rajasthani family from Pali, are being sheltered at an undisclosed Mumbai location. \"We fled our home in Pune after our parents tortured us over our religious inclination. They want us to marry the youths we were betrothed to in childhood,\" said Lakshmi.Activist Abraham Mathai, who is giving shelter to the two in Mumbai, has alleged \"threat of violence from communal elements in Pune\" over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "banastarim", "code": "17632249", "title": "Goa crocodiles make love while the sun shines", "text": "BANASTARIM: Marsh crocodiles in Cumbharjua canal can now carry on their romance in peace, as sand extraction and ore transportation by barges has been halted under differing circumstances.The historic canal, which was trained and broadened to link Zuari to Mandovi river during the Portuguese era, has become synonymous with the muggers.The crocodiles are known for their interesting mating and breeding habits. \"The mating is ritualistic and there is lot of gargling and bubbling and they even arch their tail,\" Manoj Borkar, a marine zoologist said.The mating is preceded by a short contest between two suitors for the female's attention. \"They may be seen basking on mud banks, but they romance and mate in the water,\" says Paresh Porob, range forest officer, Mhadei wildlife sanctuary.The crocodiles raise and display their snout in the water and also beat the water with their tail to show their strength during courtship. But they may shy away from it if constantly interrupted.According to a legend, the Portuguese had brought crocodiles from Mozambique and raised them in a special nursery. Though some dismiss it as mere speculation, their presence in Cumbarjua canal and swamps deterred enemy soldiers from crossing the area on foot into Old Goa during the Portuguese era.Their density is more in the marshy areas on both sides of the canal, crisscrossed by several inlets from Marcaim to St Estevam.The muggers are known to be hardy creatures. \"They can survive in tough conditions, but now they are being found as far away as Sanquelim and Usgao,\" Arnold Noronha, a naturalist said. He and other animal rescuers often release them in Cumbharjua canal, but sand extractors try to dissuade them. \"This is because they get them in their scoops while extracting sand,\" he said.Animal lovers believe that disturbance caused by movement of barges and sand extraction rather than lack of food is driving them to other areas. \"For this reason, the crocodiles may have swum away from their prime breeding place,\" Aaron Fernandes, secretary of Chameleon, a NGO said.The mines department raids on sand extractors in Cumbharjua has pleased environmentalists, as they say crocodiles can continue mating in peace in their long-standing brackish water habitat in Goa.Assisted by the coastal police, they seized five canoes and filed a first information report (FIR) against 50 labourers. Quarrying of sand has increased tremendously in recent years and has spread into the canal from the river, activists alleged. \"When the labourers extract sand from the canal bed, they often pull out baby crocodiles in their scoops,\" Noronha, also an animal rescuer explained.A few villages along the Cumbharjua canal are steeped in folk lore. Borkar carried out the first study in the state on the conservation status of marsh crocodiles in 1990s. He and his team also documented 'mannge thapnee' the unique crocodile worship in Bhoma and Durbhat on a full moon night around January.\"They observe the tradition with unshakable devotion and a fowl is sacrificed to a crocodile dummy made of clay,\" Borkar said. Animal lovers consider it as a fine example of conservation by a community, fostered by religion.The crocodiles lay the eggs in marshy land during the rainy season. \"They dig a pit on the bundh to lay their eggs and cover it up with leaf litter and organic debris,\" Porob said. The female keeps watch over the eggs from predators. The babies' sex determination is by temperature. \"If the temperature around the nest goes high, all hatchlings will be male,\" Borkar said.Once the hatchlings emerge, the mother nurses them for about a fortnight and carries them in her mouth to the water. \"After birth, other reptiles find themselves on their own and no mother carries babies,\" says Noronha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17633285", "title": "Sports buffs have a ball", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city witnessed a Saturday full of sports enthusiasm when the Kabaddi World Cup final between India and Pakistan, held at Guru Nanak Dev stadium in Ludhiana, coincided with a comeback inning by the Indian cricket side against England in the fourth crucial test being played at Nagpur, on Saturday.The sports enthusiasts who had decided to be at the GND stadium to witness the thrilling action on the kabaddi ground between arch rivals India and Pakistan had a tough time deciding if they should leave the TV screen when Dhoni was playing a skipper's knock on the cricket field on the third day of the match.Since the timings between the classic cricket and the exciting kabaddi allowed people to move from TV screens to live entertainment , many rushed to the GND stadium as soon as the third day's play was called off when India were 33 runs behind England.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17630852", "title": "BJP ministers defy party again, attend BS Yeddyurappa's meetings", "text": "BANGALORE: Unmindful of any action against them, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's loyalist ministers are attending his Karnataka Janata Party meetings.On Saturday, Yeddyurappa continued with his district-wise meetings at his residence in Bangalore to shortlist candidates for the assembly elections, and also appoint office-bearers. The meeting was attended by ministers Shobha Karandlaje, MP Renukarcharya, CM Udasi and Murugesh R Nirani.While Udasi said he had come to discuss some development works with the former CM, the others justified their presence, saying they'd come for lunch.The state BJP leadership is caught in a bind and not in a position to take action fearing a drop in their numerical strength. As of now, the party has \"morally'' been reduced to a minority. It deferred taking action against the 14 MLAs who shared the dais with Yeddyurappa in Haveri last Sunday, as some of them threatened to resign from their assembly membership.BJP sources said there's nothing they can do. \"Today they were in Yeddyurappa's house, they can also go to Congress leaders' houses, we cannot question them,'' sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17631750", "title": "Corporators against division-wise trash collection contracts", "text": "NASHIK: Mayor Yatin Wagh has decided to award garbage cleaning contracts divisionwise, instead of wardwise.The decision was announced on Friday in the general body meeting of the Nashik Municipal Corporation ( NMC), with several corporators advocating the appointment of prabhag wise contract for garbage vans, pointing out that divisionwise contract would lead to malpractices and lethargy in clearing garbage. There are six administrative divisions in the city and 61 prabhags (wards, each having two municipal constituencies).In the past, Wagh had ordered the administration to prepare a proposal to award the contract prabhagwise. While the corporators demanded that they be allowed to control the movement of the vans in their respective wards as they were the best choice for monitoring garbage clearance and the ones whom the citizens approached with complaints. \"We will therefore be able to maintain cleanliness in our wards and hence the ward-wise appointment of the contractors for the vans,\" said Ranjana Pawar, from Old Nashik area.Wagh, who during the earlier round of talks in the general body meeting, had endorsed the stand of the corporators for wardwise contract of the vans and asked the administration to redraft the docket with respect to the demands of the corporators instead of division-wise contract for the vans.Members spoke about the benefits of wardwise tendering of vans, but the Mayor thought otherwise. While the administration proposed division-wise contract for better control over the vans and the replacements as well, the mayor ruled that the tenders for the vans be called for division-wise only. The move surprised everybody and left the members demanding a change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17633575", "title": "Brigade Road icon fades away", "text": "The leisurely conversations and sulaimani chai at Kohinoor Restaurant will soon be cherished only in memories. The bustle of Brigade Road slows fades away in this 57-year-old food paradise which has become yet another victim of the skyrocketing real estate market.As a staffer puts it: \"Our last order will be on December 24.\"For manager Hassan, who is in his early sixties, it's not just a job but losing a home. \"I was young when I came here. After a long day of work, I don't go to the house where all the waiters and other staff stay because I sleep here,\" he says, adding, \"Long ago, this building was one of the few structures on Brigade Road which didn't have all these fancy dress stores you see now.\"And there's plenty of Kohinoor lore. Hasaan tells the one about the Belgian mirrors . \"There's a mirror at the entrance and this was a highlight of this place for a long time. We used to have these mirrors on all walls and were offered large sums of money by art collectors. Finally we had to take out those on the sides because young men who would hang around Brigade Road. While waiting for their girlfriends, they'd walk in and comb their hair incessantly. We were particular about hygiene and wouldn't let them. The problem got so bad we had to remove our masterpiece from the wall. Some of those lovers still come in but now with their spouses,\" said Hassan.The old clock on the wall is another story by itself \u00e2\u20ac\u201d after many years, the winding mechanism was replaced with batteries, but even that didn't prevent it from stopping. \"I'm going to miss the Kerala parota and bheja fry. The poker-faced waiters just added to the charm,\" said Sankalp Gowda, a secondgeneration fan of this place. \"This place had warmth that somehow made the food taste better. I'm sad my evening meal will be replaced with some junk food served with a fake smile,\" he added.Another legend here is about how many years ago, a junior worker of a political party would go to Kohinoor before the day's work. He'd pick up the 'bread, butter , jam' which cost a few annas (8 annas was 50 paise). CK Jaffer Sharief went on to become the Union railway minister.And, of course, the sulaimani . Asked what makes it special, a waiter repeated a line from a famous Malayalam movie \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 'Every sulaimani needs a bit of love it' . At the end of this year, he and ten others will bid adieu and leave for their hometown in Kerala. \"We're all sad to leave. We hope we'll be able to try and get a job somewhere and god willing we'll be able to continue living in this city,\" said a waiter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635532", "title": "Daughter's first glimpse was best moment: Barrymore", "text": "Actress Drew Barrymore says seeing her newborn daughter for the first time was the \"best moment\" of her life.The 37-year-old gave birth to daughter Olive, her first child with husband Will Kopelman, 10 weeks ago and was immediately overcome with love.\"It was positively the best moment of my life. My husband took a picture and I have that picture now forever and it's the coolest moment of my life, bar none. I look at it every day,\" people.com quoted Barrymore as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17631946", "title": "Italian defence minister in Kochi to meet Italian naval guards", "text": "KOCHI: Italy on Saturday rushed its defence minister Giampaolo di Paolo here to meet the marines facing trial in Enrica Lexie case.The minister, who reached late Saturday night, has sought the Centre's permission to meet marines Latore Massimiliano and Salvatore Gironi on Sunday. The visit assumes significance as it is happening days after Italy demanded that India must allow the marines to be home for Christmas.Sources said the minister would leave Kochi by Sunday afternoon.The Italian government on Friday had summoned Indian ambassador and conveyed its displeasure over the slow legal course that the case is taking. Italy wants the FIR against marines to be quashed. A plea to allow them to celebrate Christmas with family has also been moved at the Kerala high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17633805", "title": "Botsa buries legacy of former CM YS Reddy", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state Congress appears to have finally laid to rest the YSR legacy. In a clear break from the past, the ruling party has put up larger-than-life cutouts and posters of party president Sonia Gandhi and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi all along the way to LB Stadium, the venue for the brainstorming session beginning Sunday. There is a sprinkling of cutouts of chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, deputy chief minister C Damodar Raja Narasimha and AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad, but conspicuous is the absence of the images of YSR.The meeting, an extended PCC session, is the idea of state Congress president Botsa Satyanarayana, who has been making strong pitch for burying the controversial legacy of YS Rajasekhara Reddy.The process of putting behind the YSR legacy began sometime back in Gandhi Bhavan, the state Congress headquarters. Creating a flutter , YSR's portrait was absent at a youth Congress meeting, where Rajya Sabha member KVP Ramachandra Rao wept over his friend's death. According to sources, Botsa gave instructions that nobody should display any image of the late CM.Ever since the CBI started investigation into the alleged disproportionate assets of Jaganmohan Reddy, the state Congress has split into two groups - YSR critics and loyalists . While YSR critics are for burying the YSR legacy, the latter are for banking on his image for votes. Now, the critics , led by PCC president, have staged a coup of sorts and dumped YSR from the party.On the stage erected for the session, only seven portraits are seen with party president Sonia Gandhi, AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh occupying the central space. Small images of AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad and Botsa are on one side and that of the chief minister and deputy CM on the other side. Curiously, no portraits of Congress stalwarts such as Mahatma Gandhi, Jawaharlal Nehru and Indira Gandhi find a space. Even cutouts and flexi boards of other state leaders are absent.Many see this move as a provocation to the YSR loyalists in the party which include KVP Ramachandra Rao, former minister Komatireddy Venkata Reddy and his MP brother Rajagopal Reddy. The sources said the PCC chief took the bold step to free the Congress of YSR's legacy.Even though about 10,000 party delegates are expected to turn up for the brainstorming session, not once have chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, or members of his camp turned up in the stadium during the preparations which clearly indicates the rift between the PCC president and the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17631747", "title": "Dipping child sex ratio causes concern", "text": "CUTTACK: Experts expressed concern over alarmingly low child sex ratio in the state at a workshop here on Saturday. The ratio stands at 934 girls per 1,000 boys as per 2011 census. They said misuse of technology for sex determination and sex-selective abortions have resulted in this.The one-day workshop was organized by Odisha State Legal Services Authority in association with Health and Family Welfare department with support from The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).Addressing the conference, Orissa High Court judge Justice M M Das expressed concern over child sex ratio in Odisha becoming lowest since Independence. \"Easy access to technology in the field of medical science has resulted in rise in sex selection abortions. It is a matter of concern that women are at the receiving end at a time when the nation is aspiring to become a super power,\" said Das.Experts revealed that the ratio has dipped to less than 900 girls per 1,000 in four districts - Nayagarh, Dhenkanal, Angul and Ganjam. There are 19 districts where the ratio is less than 950 girls per 1,000 boys and the ratio is less than 900 girls per 1,00 boys in seven other districts.The UNFPA officials said the status of women has not undergone a major change despite formation of legislation and rules like Pre Conception and Pre Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prevention of Sex Selection) Act 1994 (PCPNDT Act).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17630946", "title": "Men on bikes snatch doctors\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s cash &amp; 66-year-old\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Rs 1 lakh chain", "text": "MUMBAI: A biker snatched a 28-year-old doctor's bag while she was travelling in an auto on Mahakali Caves Road in MIDC recently.In another incident, a pillion rider snatched a senior citizen's gold chain worth Rs 1.1 lakh on Friday. The incident occurred around 8.15pm on 90-feet road at Garodia Nagar in Ghatkopar (E). The victim, Vedavati Putran (66), has lodged a complaint with the Pant Nagar police.In the MIDC case, the doctor (name withheld) lost Rs 65,000, credit and debit cards and MBBS registration ID. \"As the auto slowed down ahead of a speed breaker, the biker snatched my bag. I was stunned and could not even react,\" the victim said. \"It is no longer safe for women to travel on Mumbai's roads. The police have not been of much help. Being an educated woman, I wish to put an end to this,\" she added.According to the senior inspector of MIDC police station, S L Hujband, over 150 cases of chain-snatchings and 3 bag-lifting cases have been registered in 2012.\"Bag-lifting and chain-snatching is a serious offence. Action will be initiated against the personnel if they down play a case,\" said additional commissioner of police (west region) Vishwas Nangre-Patil.Additional police commissioner (east region) Quaiser Khalid said after a study of the modus operandi of chain-snatchers, 60% of the police personnel had been ordered to patrol spots where the crime occurs regularly.Nangre-Patil said bikers who drive rashly and pillion passengers wearing helmets were under the scanner. \"A three-tier patrolling on the highways, main roads and lanes has started yielding result. Our efforts are paying off,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17633681", "title": "Fun World to compensate accident victim 50,000", "text": "BANGALORE: A one-day picnic to an amusement park for 'fun' turned out to be a life-long pain for a 20-year-old Bangalore girl.Shamisha Banu, who was badly injured in the face and lost six front teeth in a freak accident at Fun World, Palace Grounds, has been awarded compensation of Rs 50,000 from the amusement park company for deficiency in service.The III additional district consumer disputes redressal forum, Bangalore, on November 30 directed Fun World and its manager to pay the compensation to Shamisha with 12% annual interest from July 12, 2011, the day she sent a notice to Fun World.Shamisha had sought a compensation of Rs 5 lakh from the company, saying that she spent about Rs 1.5 lakh on her treatment. But she could not produce any evidence on the amount spent on the treatment . Also, she was eligible for third party insurance as the amusement park had covered her under an insurance policy.\"In our opinion, the manner in which she was injured clearly suggests that it was not due to any fault by the complainant . Taking into consideration the facts and circumstances of the case, we hold that the complainant was injured due to some inherent defect in the arrangement of the game and that amounts to a deficiency in service,\" observed the bench of T Rajashekharaiah and Dr Subhasini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17631424", "title": "Jobs soon for rebels who gave up arms", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has kept her word. In keeping with her promise, the state home department has started processing the recruitment of 32 surrendered Maoists.On November 3, two Maoist activists, who had surrendered earlier this year in West Midnapore, were held by the city police outside the chief minister's residence. The duo - Chiranjit and Sukhdev Mahato - had gone there to inquire about the rehabilitation package and the jobs promised to the Left-wing extremists for laying down their arms.While Chiranjit surrendered on January 12, Sukhdev lay down his arms on February 7. They were in the Midnapore police line since then.Though Mamata hadn't met them in person, she had conveyed through her officials that they would be given the jobs of home guards soon. Earlier this week, the 32 surrendered Maoists from West Midnapore, Bankura, Purulia and Jhargram were taken to Midnapore Medical College for medical examination.The tests went on till Thursday and now the police administration of the four districts are ready to send the medical reports to Writers' Buildings so that the process of inducting the 32 Maoists into the police force can begin.Among the 32, 12 are from Purulia, 10 from Jhargram, six from West Midnapore and four from Bankura.DIG (Midnapore range) Lakhsmi Narayan Meena said, \"The chief minister had ordered that all these surrendered Maoists be inducted as home guards.\"Among those who have surrendered are Chiranjit Mahato, Bibhuti Bhushan Mahato, Shobha Mandi, Roompa Mahato alias Ashtami, Malini Haldar, Prakash Acharya and Lakkhi Hemram. Shobha and Bibhuti had surrendered during former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharya's tenure.Prakash Acharya said, \"We have surrendered to return to the mainstream. We have been in police custody but have been trained in computers. We have also received compensation.\" He added, \"We shall be happy to work for the government. We have asked our comrades in Jangalmahal to give up arms like us.\"In November, Chiranjit and Sukhdev Mahato had gone to the chief minister's house. The two had surrendered on January 12 and February 7 respectively in the Jhargram area of Paschim Medinipur district. They were in the Midnapore police line since then.The state government's rehabilitation package for surrendered Maoists includes Rs. 1.5 lakh to be deposited in their back accounts a year after their surrender. Providing them with a job is another component of the package.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17632589", "title": "Board an auto, shell out more", "text": "MANGALORE: Your auto ride is going to become a costly affair. The regional transport authority, taking into consideration an appeal by various autorickshaw drivers and owners' unions, hiked the minimum fare for the first 1.5km by Rs 3 to Rs 20, and for every kilometre thereof to Rs 13, a hike of Re 1. The new fares kicked in on Saturday.C Mallikarjun, secretary, RTA, and regional transport officer, told STOI the auto drivers had sought a minimum fare of Rs 24 for the first 1.5km and Rs 16 for every km thereafter. \"The RTA wanted to peg the minimum fare at Rs 19, but decided against it for fear of sparking clashes between commuters and auto rickshaw drivers over small change. So we've fixed the minimum fare at Rs 20,\" he said.While waiting for the first 15 minutes will be free, commuters will have to pay 25% of the fare for the next 45 minutes. Auto drivers can collect 1.5 times the actual metered fare from 10pm to 5am, Mallikarjun said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17191983", "title": "Photography is my alter ego at play: JJ Valaya", "text": "Not many are aware of the other passion that drives master couturier JJ Valaya. In fact, it was only after the launch of his coffee table book in 2011, 'Decoded Paradox' that the world saw his art translated from clothes to frames.Today, the world renowned fashion designer proudly exhibits his next series of photographs known as 'The Soul in the Space - A Journey of Architectural Influences'.'Decoded Paradox' was an anthology of photographs displaying the fine art of New Delhi. Personalities, most of them who were facing the camera for the first time, were made to pose in the costumes of JJ Valaya against an array of locations, some historical and others contemporary.His second series, 'The Soul in the Space' is an amalgamation of the abstract and the personal. Here, the focus is on architectural details. What makes this series incredible is the fact that it was shot in three different locations that are, in a unique way, connected to the designer's life.Reminiscing about each city and the role they play in his photographs, he says, \"I discovered architectural photography in Dufftown (Scotland) during an artist's residency, Jodhpur because in some uncanny way, the spirit of monarchy and grandeur that one sees in my fashion work seems to emanate out of Rajasthan , and Chandigarh, because the modernity of Corbusier's vision impacted me enough for me to respect it and use it as my style mantra....that the old and new can and must co-exist!\"In an exclusive interview with The Times of India, he shares more on his other passion, that the world knows less about. Excerpts...You've been taking pictures before you forayed into fashion designing, but when did you realise and decide to take up photography professionally?Photography for me is my art. My interest has been around for as long as my fashion career but the decision to introduce myself as a fine art photographer was taken only in 2011 through my debut show 'Decoded Paradox'. Essentially, this is my alter ego at play.Fashion and photography, both are a means of artistic expression. Do you see any difference in the approach of the two streams or do you feel they are interconnected in terms of expression?There is art in commerce and commerce in art. Whilst both are creative fields, fashion, by virtue of its ever changing nature and commercial acceptance tends to be governed by market norms and trends; this may not essentially be the case with art, which thrives on honesty and fearlessness in expression.Your earlier exhibition, 'Decoded Paradox', which is also a book on fine arts in New Delhi. Take us through the process of conceiving 'The Soul in the Space', a series that concentrates on architecture and space - from gestation to publication.I was invited for an artist in residency programme by Glenfiddich to their distillery in Dufftown, Scotland last year. There, I discovered an amazing language in the geometry of some very basic tin sheds. The resultant images played interestingly with lines, texture and the relationship of structure with light. This, and a meeting with Peter Nagy of Nature Morte, further prompted me to discover the soul in two other important cities in my life: Jodhpur, my birthplace and Chandigarh, where I spent my teenage years. Co-incidentally, all three cities resulted in some very interesting images with very unique languages of their own. All three also played with different materials namely, stone in Jodhpur, concrete in Chandigarh and metal in Dufftown.Have you ever taken any professional course in photography?No, I'm a self taught photographer but a natural artist. The technicalities of cameras and photography still continue to baffle me!How do you find time for it from your schedule?My art is my greatest leveller as also the arena which makes me fearless and honest. Fashion is great fun, but is a rigorous and essential regime...we have to surprise every 6 months. Art to me is relaxing...beautiful...and since we are very actively now into interior design, it also perfectly compliments great spaces!Your favourite photographers and why?Prabuddha Dasgupta was a dear friend and a great photographer and I loved his work for its sensuality and his absolute dislike for artificial lighting; Irving Penn for his stunning contrast portraits; Edward Weston for his quirky eroticism and architectural works, and of course, Henri Cartier Bresson for the surprises he gave in his candid photo-journalism.If you could photograph anyone in the world, without limitations, who would you choose and how would you shoot them?My dream is to do a portraiture series of the 100 most charismatic persons in the world.If you had to pick one photograph as your favourite from this series, which would it be and why?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632201", "title": "'Form panel to monitor child shelters'", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi government committee meant to inspect children homes in the capital exists only on paper, since 2008.An anguished Delhi high court realized this recently after going through a status report that showed some of the key requirements for functioning of the committee were absent. For instance, the committee is supposed to have an NGO on board but the government has failed to identify any NGO for the purpose. Similarly, the committee has no representation from the state commission for child rights despite it being mandatory.A division bench of Justice S Ravindra Bhat and Justice S P Garg gave a month's time to the government to form a proper inspection committee so that children homes in the city can be monitored and instances of child abuse prevented.HC was hearing a case that emanated from a 'habeus corpus' filed by a father seeking custody of his son Tanush who had been handed over to Apna Ghar shelter home by the Dilshad Garden Child Welfare Committee, under the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection) Act, 2007. The court had directed the release of the child from the home.But the court was forced to broaden the ambit of the case when the father highlighted the pathetic condition of the government-recognized shelter home where children are kept in apathy and neglect.The court then set up a panel of lawyers to inspect the shelter home. They vindicated the concerns raised by the petitioner, prompting HC to order a comprehensive inspection by a team of specialists who returned with video footage and photographic evidence showing the dismal state of affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17633002", "title": "Tribals march against violation of Forest Act", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hundreds of tribals, mostly women took out a protest march from the Charbagh railway station to the dharna sthal in front of state assembly demanding implementation of the Forest Rights Act 2006, which provides forest dwellers individual and community rights to hold and live on forest land and use its produce. The tribals, who had come to the city from across the state, said that the distribution of land titles to the forest dwellers has stopped after Samajwadi Party came to the power in the state and warned that if their demands are not met within 30 days , they will forcibly occupy the land.Armed with bows and arrows and carrying placard and banners, the tribals also held a public meeting at dharna sthal and one after another narrated the story of how the nexus of forest officials, police, administration, mining and forest mafia and feudal forces in the society are conspiring to deny forest dwellers rights given to them under the special Act. They said that ideally forest land in 19 districts of the state should have been distributed to the forest workers by now, but more than 70% of the work is still pending. At many places even the village committees to be formed as per the Act have not been formed.Tribals also said that they are not allowed by the forest personnel to collect dry woods and grass from the forest for daily living. \"They extort money and if we refuse, false cases of theft and poaching are slapped on us,\" said Sukano a tribal woman from Sonbhadra. Sukano has been implicated in more than dozen criminal cases. Besides men, almost all the women present on the occasion had criminal cases against them. The tribals also complained that their huts are demolished and they are beaten up by the mafia, backed by some forest police officials, when they try to stop illegal activities in the forest.As per the Act, tribals living in forests before 2006 are eligible for titles of land up to four acre. The same right has been given to the forest workers dependent of forests for last 75 years. Officials figures disclose that from December 2007 till September 30, 2012 as many as 92,433 (91,298 individual and 1,135 community) claims were filed against which 17,705 land titles were distributed (16,891 individual and 814 community) in UP. Around 73,028 (72,754 individual and 274 community) claims were rejected. Most rejections are because illiterate forest dwellers do not have documents to prove 75 years of dependence.The forest dwellers are struggling since long and the movement is being run by the women. At many places in tribal dominated districts in east UP, tribal women, under the banner of Kaimur Khshetra Mahila Mazdoor Kisan Sangharsh Samiti and National Forum of Forest People and Forest workers, have occupied forest land and are doing cooperative farming. But harassment has not stopped. Now, they want change in the 75 year clause and action against officers for rejecting genuine claims. The protestors also requested chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to give an appointment to their delegation for an audience.The protestors pointed out that districts where implementation of the Act is very poor include Chandauli, Mirzapur, Khiri, Pilibhit, Bahraich, Gorakhpur, Maharajganj, Gonda, Lalitpur, Manikpur Chitrakoot and Saharanpur among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17632145", "title": "2 arrested for robbing techie", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the arrest of two men, police claim to have solved a robbery case reported from the Pul Prahladpur area in July. On July 25, an IOC engineer was stopped and robbed by three men, who also forced him to call up his wife and ask her to hand over the cash at home for a friend's \"treatment\".Announcing the arrest of Mahesh (33) and Rahul (27), crime branch officials said Mahesh had robbed the engineer along with two other criminals, Ajay Negi and Raju Mental. They held the engineer at gunpoint and took his cash, jewellery and an ATM card. Mahesh later withdrew Rs 50,000 from the engineer's account. He also collected Rs 31,000 from the engineer's wife.\"Constable Naresh of the anti-robbery cell received information that Mahesh would visit the Aurobindo College bus stop on a stolen bike to meet his associates. He was arrested on Wednesday from the spot,\" said SBS Tyagi, DCP (crime branch).Officers said Mahesh had been involved in a revenge murder in Vasant Vihar, in 1998, and was arrested in the case. On being released in 2000, he snatched a car at gunpoint in Gurgaon. In 2011, he was again arrested by the south district police, said Tyagi.Police said Mahesh and Rahul were involved in another robbery in the Pul Prahladpur area on December 8. They forced a Honda City to stop on Mehrauli-Badarpur Road, impersonating as police officers. As soon as the driver, a businessman, opened the door, Mahesh entered the car and robbed him of his gold chain, gold ring and Rs 41,000 cash. The businessman was driven to Modi Mill and freed.Police said Rahul is a bad character of Sangam Vihar and is involved in 12 criminal cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635507", "title": "Shama's creative instincts", "text": "Shama Sikander has a passion for photography. She has been into photography for a long time now. She keeps a camera handy and also uses her mobile to click pictures. She loves to click whenever she gets time. She has more than thousand pictures in her collection.These pictures are particularly close to her heart. She says,\"Getting yourself clicked is as fascinating as self clicking. Among them there is a favourite. It was a nice mirror and red lip colour is my favourite. I had gone to the tourist market in Amsterdam where I took this pic. Photography is a way of life for me\".On being asked how she is feeling being the 'Bhayankar Pari' she says, \"Where ever I go, people especially kids recognise me. Fan following among kids have multiplied many folds. Who doesn't like adulation?\" On being asked about multi-tasking as she is also running her own fashion label she says, \"My business is also in place as I have a dedicated team so I am able to manage my work and acting simultaneously.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633740", "title": "Beagles from China find homes in city", "text": "CHENNAI: Five-year-old Diya waited with her mother Priya Rajesh outside the Animal Quarantine and Certification Services (AQCS) station in Pallikaranai from 10am on Saturday, eager to take home the pup she had been waiting for over two weeks.\"I am going to name my dog Luigi,\" said an excited Diya, who didn't mind waiting. The 70 beagles that had been imported from China by Advinus Therapeutics Limited, a Bangalore-based pharmaceutical laboratory, frisked around after spending nine weeks in cages. Only the tattoos etched inside their flapping ears gave away the fact that they had been acquired for experimentation.\"My daughters have been volunteering with the Blue Cross and know how to take care of dogs,\" said businessman Sethu Arumugam. \"So I thought of getting them a pet.\"The animals, which landed at Chennai airport on October 19, had been brought for experimentation. Apart from rats and mice, dogs are also used to test drugs. Beagles are preferred as they are docile.People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India found the beagles had been wrongly described as 'pets' in an AQCS document. The organisation notified the ministry of environment and forests. Union minister Jayanthi Natarajan visited the quarantine centre on December 1 and promised action. Subsequently, the Committee for the Purpose of Control and Supervision of Experimentation on Animals (CPCSEA) issued a show-cause notice to the lab.\"Two days ago, Advinus wrote to CPCSEA saying they concerned for the animals behappy to hand over the animals to the Animal Welfare Board of India so that they can find homes for the pups,\" said Shiranee Periera of People for Animals (PfA).Most beagles were taken by families who had signed up with the Blue Cross and PfA to adopt them. \"We had asked people to contact us,\" said Sathya Radhakrishnan of Blue Cross. They received more than 100 requests and carefully vetted the applicants. \"We didn't want to give them to breeders so prospective owners had to agree to pay to sterilise and vaccinate the pups,\" said Chinny Krishna, chairman, AWBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17633167", "title": "Schools to mull online application format", "text": "CHANDIGARH: School authorities have finally showed some concern towards starting an online application format for entry level. The procurement and submission of admission applications in convent schools of the city finally came to an end on Saturday, leaving behind many questions over online admission application format.The schools will be recommended to put up online application format if their logistics support the process, said president of Independent Schools Association H S Mamik, adding that any official declaration in this regard hasn't been made yet.Many complaints regarding time clash, online format, and less number of seats in four convent schools - Carmel Convent School, Sector 9; St. John's High School, Sector 26; Sacred Heart High School, Sector 26 and St. Anne's Convent School, Sector 32 - have come into light in the last three days.\"Online application process would ease parents' troubles and would help institutions to a large extent,\" said Satinder Kaur, a Mohali resident who came for her child's admission at Sacred Heart High School.Even some of the schools consider the online format a better option than the current format. During the last three days, many parents who came to buy and submit admission forms at city schools either took leave from their job or engaged their family members at different schools.\"It's a good suggestion, but considering the masses, it would be better to keep both the formats functional,\" said Marwin West, principal, St. Xavier School. Principal of St. Anne's Convent School Sister Gracy said any format that is convenient to parents should be worked upon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17632144", "title": "Students run to win at district-level race", "text": "MYSORE: Hundreds of children participated in the ninth annual district-level race for high school and pre-university students on Saturday.In the race, high school girls had to cover 2km, while boys had to run for 3km and PU students 16km in the 'golden mile run' event organized by Challengers' Athletic Club in association with the physical education department at Ovals ground.Kurbur High School students Megha, Manjula and Veena were the winners in high school girls' division. Among the boys, Krishna of Vidyavardhaka High School bagged the first place, Chikkaranganayaka of HD Kote came second and St Rita School's Vishnu Prasad got the third place. Teresian College's Poornima, Likitha and Tara Mani bagged the first, second and third place, respectively, in the golden mile run for girls.The winners for boys' golden mile run were Hassan's M Aravind, Marimallapa College's Pavan and Vidyavardhaka College's Sandeep Kumar.The annual sports meet for District Armed Reserve Police was inaugurated at DAR grounds on Saturday. Events on the first day included 800m run, 100m sprint, shot-put, discuss throw, javelin throw, high jump, kabaddi, volley ball and fast walk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17633340", "title": "After 6 years, teacher jailed for abusing Class 9 girl", "text": "CHENNAI: Six years after a Class 9 student was sexually abused by her physics teacher in the school laboratory, a magistrate court in Tiruvallur found him guilty and sentenced him to undergo rigorous imprisonment for two years. But justice did not come easy for the victim, a student of the Mahakavi Bharathiyar Matriculation Higher Secondary School, run by Sevalaya at Kasuva village in Thiruvallur.During these six years, besides the judicial delay, her gritty mother had to fight an indifferent police, who sought to close the case as a \"mistake of fact\" , an insensitive district administration and the school management , both of whom were unwilling to take action.In his order last week, judicial magistrate B C Gopinath convicted the teacher under the Tamil Nadu Prohibition of Harassment of Women Act, saying: \"A person who has made sexual advances on a hapless 13-yearold girl, who suffers from rheumatic heart disease, deserves no mercy or leniency. A deterrent punishment is all that he deserves.\"The magistrate pointed out that the evidence of the victim and her friend was \"credible, trustworthy, blemish-free and suffers from no infirmity or artificiality warranting its rejection\" . Evidence enough to prove charge, says judgeHe said: \"Their evidence is sufficient proof to hold that the accused indulged in the act of molesting the victim by taking advantage of his position as a teacher and overpowering the victim by not letting her divulge about the occurrence to anyone at the earliest point of time.\"In August 2006, physics teacher G Palanisamy targeted and sexually assaulted the 13-year-old Class IX girl when she entered the laboratory to fetch a broom. He repeated the offence when she returned to keep the broom back in the laboratory along with her friend. It took one week for the victim to muster courage and inform the headmaster of the school. As no action was taken, her mother lodged a complaint before the district collector and the Indian Council for Child Welfare. Later, the girl's mother moved the judicial magistrate court in September 2009 and obtained an order to the police to investigate the case. The police, first closed the case in a day, stating it was a case of \"mistake of fact\" .The case regained momentum only after the German donors of Sevalaya got wind of the matter and ensured that case was transferred to the CB-CID , Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17635461", "title": "Samantha, a fan of Anjali", "text": "Her Neethane En Ponvasantham has just hit screens and she has been earning praises for her film, which is directed by Gautham Menon. Even as she is basking in the praises of the film, Samantha reveals that she is a big fan of Anjali.Samantha is currently working with the actress for her Telugu film, which is titled Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu . The film has Telugu Superstars Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh playing the lead.Samantha recently revealed that she loved Anjali's performance in her films, Angadi Theru and Engeyum Eppodhum and that two have become great friends on the sets of the Telugu film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhilai", "code": "17633619", "title": "Attempt to kidnap schoolkids foiled", "text": "BHILAI: Few unidentified persons attempted kidnapping two school students from their school van early on Saturday. Both the students are siblings and belong to a renowned family.The incident took place when both the children identified as Prateek Ojha, 13, and Vanita Ojha, 14, were going to school in the school van at 6.30 am. The van had not even covered a distance of 100 metres when suddenly a white colored Honda City car intercepted it, and started pulling both the kids out of the van, keeping the driver at knife point.A female school clerk Manisha Bhattacharya, sitting in the van raised an alarm on seeing the incident. While the kidnappers had already pulled Prateek from the front seat, they tried to pull Vanita too who was sitting at the rear with Manisha. But Manisha didn't let her go and raised the alarm. Soon the pedestrians and morning walkers rushed towards the van compelling the abductors to flee from the spot.The children's father Sanjay Ojha, is the director of Shakuntala Group of Education and is counted among the prominent people in Bhilai. Though the footage of the incident has been recorded in the CCTV camera installed outside Ojha's house, the identification is still not clear. It is said that the accused had their faces covered. Police was informed within 10 minutes of the incident and the city was immediately cordoned off. Police said that the accused were at large but the CCTV footage would be of great help to help in tracing them.It's a co-incidence that a school student Aditya Shah, son of Shailesh Shah, director Simplex Group, was abducted on the same day last year early in the morning while going to school. He was later abandoned by the abductors after 16 days in Nagpur. The accused in the abduction case are still at large.Last week, a school girl was kidnapped from the state capital while she was returning from school but her abductors left her early next morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17631723", "title": "Odisha Power Generation Corporation pays Rs 42.5-crore interim dividend to Government", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha Power Generation Corporation (OPGC) on Saturday handed over a cheque for Rs 42.50 crore to chief minister Naveen Patnaik towards the state's share of the interim dividend for 2012-13. The cheque was handed over to the chief minister in his office by OPGC chairman Pradeep Kumar Jena, MD Venkatachalam K and director ( finance ) HP Nayak.The OPGC board has declared an interim dividend of 17 per cent for 2012-13 involving a total payout of about Rs 83.33 crore, which includes Rs 40.83 crore towards the share of AES. The state government and the AES are 51 and 49 per cent shareholders respectively in the OPGC, a company press release issued here said.The organisation is in the advanced stage of its capacity addition programme of setting up of 2X 660 MW power plant at its existing plant location at Ib in Jharsuguda district, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17633510", "title": "Two Karmapas at Bodh Gaya baffle visitors", "text": "GAYA: The presence of both Ogyen Trinley Dorje and Trinley Thaye Dorje, the claimants to the position of the 17th Karmapa at Bodh Gaya at the same time baffles visitors to the place even as the two spiritual leaders are engaged in a war of nerves for the control of the all-important Rumtek monastery, the centre of the Karma Kagyu sect of Buddhists.According to experts, the Karmapa tradition is older than the Dalai Lama tradition and as such, the sect hardliners do not approve of Dalai Lama's recognition to Ogyen Trinley Dorje as the 17th Karmapa.Moreover, Shamar Rinpoche, the second most important spiritual leader of the Karma Kagyu sect, several years back, openly questioned the Dalai Lama's recognition and said that this amounts to \"medieval dictatorial command\" and it was not acceptable to him. Virtually calling the Dalai Lama an outsider to the Karma Kagyu sect, Rinpoche claimed that the issue of Karmapa has to be decided by the sect, not outsiders.Split recognition of Karmapa has added to the controversy. The Chinese interest in what is essentially an internal issue of the followers of the tradition has further complicated and in a way politicized the spiritual issue, says Bodh Gaya researcher Rajiv Kumar. The Chinese government recognized Ogyen Trinley Dorje as \"the first reincarnated Living Buddha confirmed and approved by the Central Government of the People's Republic of China after the peaceful liberation of Tibet in 1951\". The Chinese recognition of Ogyen as the Karmapa is all the more intriguing since the Chinese government is based on the principle of atheism and as such, does not believe in the incarnation theory, the basis of the Karmapa tradition.More recently, efforts were made to resolve the Karmapa controversy and arrive on a consensus on the issue. As per available documents, Shamar Rinpoche who had steadfastly been supporting Thaye for the position of the 17th Karmapa and the Dalai Lama whose acknowledgement of Thaye's rival, Ogyen as the rightful Karmapa had a meeting on August 13, 2010.After meeting the Dalai Lama to resolve the contentious 'Karmapa' issue, Shamar Rinpoche is reported to have observed \"although this matter is not easily resolved since it is connected to the politics of China and India as well, with His Holiness the Dalai Lama's blessing and support I am confident that there will be an amicable solution which will be beneficial for the Karma Kagyu lineage, as well as for Tibetan Buddhism in general.\"\"The Karmapa controversy smacks of politics and there cannot be a scope for politics in religious matters. The sooner the issue is resolved the better as it (controversy) violates the basic tenets of Buddhism,\" said a visitor from USA who did not wish to be quoted. On its part, Gaya district administration has kept itself off the controversy. Asked whom the state government considers to be the real Karmapa (Ogyen or Thaye), DM Bandana Preyasi said that she was not the right person to answer this question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-16"}
