{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681138", "title": "Maid held for jewellery theft", "text": "CHENNAI: Royapettah police arrested a maid in connection with theft of jewellery worth 10 sovereigns from a house on Sunday.Police said that they received a complaint from house owner Lakshmi Kumaran about the loss of jewellery on Sunday and that she suspected the hands of her servant maid who took charge 15 days ago.After questioning, V Jayalakshmi, 40, of Triplicane, confessed to the crime. The accused had stolen the jewellery using the key to locker in which it was placed. She took advantage of the owner poor health condition, police said.There were around five servants employed in the house and she managed to decamp with the jewellery when everyone were busy with work, said a police officer. Based on her confession police arrested her and recovered the jewels which she had kept in her house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "12687442", "title": "Honnali range forest officer injured in the line of fire", "text": "KARWAR: Umesh Hombana Honnali, a range forest officer, Hosakuli range, was allegedly attacked by a man and his son with a sickle during a 'clear encroachment drive' taken up by forest officials on Paradise Beach in Gokarn, 60km from here, on Sunday.According to a police complaint lodged in the Gokarn police station, the forest department had cleared the encroachments on Paradise Beach a few months ago. A shop and a house belonging to Mahadev Rama Naik, a petty shop owner, were also among them. But on Sunday the department officials found Mahadev and his son doing business in the same place by rebuilding the demolished shop. When Umesh started demolishing the shop, Mahadev and his son Mahendra attacked him with a sickle. Umesh suffered injuries in the right hand. Umesh was treated at Kumta hospital and discharged. Police have arrested Mahadev and Mahendra. Gokarn police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12685645", "title": "City turning hotbed of illegal weapons trade", "text": "SURAT: The city has become a hotbed for illegal weapons trade with recovery of four country-made pistols brought to be delivered here in last two days. On Saturday, crime branch sleuths nabbed five people for allegedly bringing pistols to the city for sale while on Friday two accused were arrested by local crime branch with two pistols.In the two recoveries, police arrested Ankit Amrut Tarsariya, 24, with two pistols which were to be delivered to his cousin brother Dinesh Babu Tarsariya, 30, as well as another person Suresh Tulsi Rajai, 42. All three were nabbed from an open ground in Amroli area. Police recovered two pistols worth Rs 50,000 and 14 cartridges worth Rs 1,400. During questioning, the accused informed police that they sourced the weapons from one Parimalsinh Balraj Raj and Pratik alias Bhimo Mansukh Galani. Police soon arrested Raj and Galani for allegedly selling the weapons to the trio.The accused informed police that Dinesh and Suresh wanted a pistol for show-off. They contacted Ankit, who asked Raj to arrange for the guns, who contacted Galani. Galani sourced the guns from the Chikligar gang of Madhya Pradesh.Raj is a student leader and is doing a BCA course. He was arrested in the past for violation of public notification. Galani was arrested in the past for attempted murder.In another incident, the Surat rural police's local crime branch nabbed two accused Bhikha Ramesh Agravat, 30, as well as Jayesh Amarshi Bhojvya, 20, for allegedly purchasing two pistols from Godhra and selling them in Surat. Both belong to Rajkot and were arrested on Friday while attempting to sell the pistols. Agravat was in touch with one Badshah, currently in Vadodara central jail. Agravat informed police that he was asked by Badshah to purchase weapons for Rs 22,000 and sell it in Surat. \"Criminals keep weapons for various purposes and they sometimes sell in cities like Surat where they get buyers easily. Buyers are normally criminals who use it for crime or just for show-off,\" said H L Ahir, police inspector, crime branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12682689", "title": "No internet facility in Patna university", "text": "PATNA: Cybercafe may be a familiar word for most of the Patna University (PU) students but they have hardly any Internet facility despite the assistance provided by the National Knowledge Network. Another problem the students face is of no canteen on the campus of their colleges, except on Patna Women's College and Magadh Mahila College premises.Those who need to download any important information related to their courses of study or some refreshment have to go outside the campus. Some students are 'fortunate' to occasionally use the Internet facility, thanks to their teachers.PU computer centre in-charge K P Singh said 10 to 20 Internet modes have been provided to every college and post-graduate department, but the same could not become operational due to some technical snag. The BSNL is trying to sort out the problem, he said, adding that the university has already approached the government and the UGC for necessary funds to purchase computers for using Internet facility.So far as the canteen is concerned, less said the better. Except for Patna Women's College and Magadh Mahila College, no other PU college or department has any canteen, which the students need as most of them leave their home early morning from far-off areas and spend whole day in their colleges or departments.Despite a separate building constructed for canteen from the government fund on the Patna Science College campus about more than 20 years ago, the faculty and students kept on waiting for the day to see it functioning before it was converted into a teachers' club and then into an examination hall.PU students' welfare dean Ezaj Ali Arshad said the authorities could not revive canteens in colleges despite making several attempts. Fresh attempts are being made to open canteens in the university, including one at Darbhanga House, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682528", "title": "Cochlear implant surgery done on 3-year-old", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The department of ENT, Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Chandigarh recently performed a cochlear implant surgery on a three-year old profoundly deaf child using a high-tech, safe cochlear implant system from France. And the result has been encouraging. The child is getting speech therapy and help for cognitive development from the audiologist-cum-speech therapists at the hospital.The child suffered hearing loss after birth. His case was assessed at the speech and hearing rehabilitation unit of the department of ENT of the institution. Before the cochlear implant surgery, the child was put through speech and hearing rehabilitation after he was given the use of a hearing aid for six months.With this surgery, doors have opened for a large number of patients, who are having severe to profound hearing loss in this region. The team headed by Dr Arjun Dass, head, department of ENT performed the implant surgery.Cochlear implant helps even persons with profound hearing loss. The installation of the device does not require any drilling on the skull thus making it safe for even a child with a thin skull bone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12682618", "title": "Patna lifts fraught with danger", "text": "PATNA: The state capital is increasingly becoming home to high-rise buildings. So the reliance on lifts has gone up. However, are these lifts safe? In the absence of any rule or regulation to ensure their safety, the answer is a big 'no', leaving all to God's mercy. Neither licenses are sought from the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) before installation of shifts nor the civic body inspects them at later stages.Eight states, including Maharashtra, Karnataka, West Bengal , Gujarat and National Capital Region of Delhi, have laws for lift safety. They mandate that a license must be sought from government authorities before installing a lift and lift inspectors should undertake their regular inspection.However, till date, there are no such rules in Bihar. \"The state doesn't have any lift safety act. So, builders don't seek license from us at the time of installation. Also, we don't have lift inspectors to conduct any inspection,\" said a senior PMC official.In the absence of lift inspectors, the electrical engineers of PMC don't inspect lifts. \"The PMC faces acute shortage of manpower. So the available electrical engineers with us are not available to check lifts,\" said a PMC official, adding, \"The PMC has no records how many lifts are functioning in the city to date.\"Moreover, according to Bureau of Indian Standards, the lifts are supposed to have power backup and a fireman's switch, apart from other safety measures. \"However, since the lifts are not scrutinized by the local authorities, it is it is not verifiable whether these norms are being followed or not,\" added the official.In this backdrop, builders get a free hand, who can easily put the ball in the court of lift manufacturers. \"Usually, we don't need no-objection certificates from the PMC. Therefore, we rely on the assurances given by lift manufactures about their (lifts) safety,\" said a member of the Bihar chapter of Builders Association of India.The lift safety acts of different states stipulate there should be an annual maintenance contract between the registered societies of apartments and the lift manufacturers. \"However, in Patna, the situation is bad because most of the apartments do no form registered societies. Even if the existing societies enter into such contracts, they are later discontinued,\" said Manikant, the chairman of Bihar chapter of Builder Association of India.Meanwhile, the residents of high-rise buildings are a harried lot. Devika Kumari, residing on the fifth floor of a building at Boring road, complaining about the defunct lift at her building, said, \"Most of the time our lift is out of order. The authorities concerned provide no respite and keep on passing the buck.\"Akhilesh Sharma, a private office employee at Exhibition road, complained, \"Our lift generally carries more people than its capacity, making the situation extremely suffocating. Moreover, I am always afraid of some untoward accident because the lift is hardly maintained,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686461", "title": "Rima Kallingal on a high!", "text": "The trailer of Aashiq Abu's much awaited 22 Female Kottayam showed promise. And looks like the movie's doing extremely well too.An ecstatic Rima Kallingal tweeted, Guys !!! I am in a trance right now!!! An ecstatic blankness!!! :) am reading all your reviews guys!!! Thank u! Bows!\" The movie has Rima and Fahad Fazil playing lead. The movie is directed by Aashiq Abu and The background music and score is composed by Bijibal and Rex Vijayan. Recently, the actress wished the director Aashiq Abu on his birthday. She tweeted, \"Hey guys! Joining me in wishing one of the awesomest human being and director @ talkaashiqa very happy bday!! Keep rocking!!!\"Critics have reviewed the movie as \"22 Female Kottayam may be far from perfect, but it is a movie in the right direction. Such efforts should be well appreciated, as it is a step that leads to better cinema\". Looks like the team's heading for a success! Here's wishing the team of 22 Female Kottayam good luck!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681352", "title": "Adarsh panel to focus on evidence of ex-CMs, babus", "text": "MUMBAI: With the judicial commission having submitted its interim report on the Adarsh society scam, the focus will now shift to the evidence of former chief ministers and two top state bureaucrats, who said that violations in the multi-storey building in Colaba \"could not be rectified\".The commission, comprising Justice (retired) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam, will restart hearings on Monday. \"The commission will now examine some top bureaucrats and politicians who handled the Adarsh file,\" said advocate Aniket Nikam, counsel for the Union ministry of defence.While chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad and additional chief secretary Swadheen Kshatriya will be summoned to testify in the matter, all eyes would be on senior bureaucrats T C Benjamin, principal secretary (urban development) and Sitaram Kunte, principal secretary (planning).Benjamin had, in his affidavit, stuck to his stand before the National Coastal Zone Management Authority (NCZMA) that Adarsh society had utilized construction rights in the form of FSI of 1.77 as against the norm of 1.33, \"which is a violation of CRZ rules, which can't be rectified\".Kunte, too, had pointed out to two \"serious lacunae\" in Adarsh - it had not taken permission from the MCZMA/MoEF and that the building had exceeded the prescribed FSI for development in a CRZ area. Based on the officer's report, NCZMA had recommended that the building be demolished.On May 11, the panel will inform the first batch of politicians, including former chief minister Ashok Chavan , about the dates on which they have to appear before the commission to testify in the case. Two other former CMs, Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde , are scheduled to be informed about their appearance dates on May 23. Sources said it is doubtful whether the ex-CMs would be cross-examined on two issues in the interim report - who the owner of the Adarsh land was and whether it was reserved for war heroes and war widows.Permissions given for the construction of Adarsh by various government functionaries will now come under the scanner of the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "12681234", "title": "Seafood to cost more as trawling ban begins", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Mechanised boats will stay ashore across coastal Tamil Nadu as the 45-day routine ban on fishing by deep sea trawlers came into effect on Sunday. The ban will in the Bay of Bengal waters and will last till May 29.It aims to facilitate breeding of fish.Traders say though supply will be hit, demand can be partially met with catch from the Arabian sea along Kanyakumari and Kerala coasts. In the Arabian sea, the ban period will begin from May 29. Besides, shallow water fishing using catamarans that are excluded from the ban will ease the shortage.Traders also said there will be a marginal rise in the price of sea food, especially prawns, crab and fish varieties like vanjiram.A fisheries department official said: \"The objective of the ban is to facilitate breeding of fish and increase marine wealth. If not for the ban, marine wealth will deplete at an alarming rate.\" He warned that licence of fishermen would be cancelled if they are found fishing in mechanised boats during the ban period.During the period, the fishermen will be provided with a compensation of 2,000 per family. Fishermen will also make use of the period to set right faulty engines and overhaul boats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12687422", "title": "Value Pre University Education papers or face action: official", "text": "DHARWAD: Raveendra Ritti, deputy director, Pre University Education (PUE) department , Dharwad district, has directed lecturers of government, aided and unaided colleges to report for valuation work at their respective centres on Monday morning. In a press release, Ritti said Rashmi, director, PUE department, has warned of disciplinary action against lecturers who abstain from valuation work. \"The lecturers themselves are responsible for any disciplinary action they face if they fail to comply with the order of the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686687", "title": "\u2018You want to kiss Emraan Hashmi...be my guest\u2019", "text": "The next Bhatt discovery is all set to take Bollywood by stormShe is bold, brazen and beautiful. Her 'I care damn' attitude is infectious as is her laughter and sense of humour. \"I have got three films back to back,\" says model turned actress, Esha Gupta excitedly. The winner of Miss India International title, 2007, has bagged a three film contract with Mahesh and Mukesh Bhatt's Vishesh films with Emraan Hashmi as her hero in her first two films - Jannat 2 and Raaz 3.Esha's first release is Jannat 2 - sequel to the 2008 flick Jannat, and with Bhatts and Emraan involved in a project, one can't help but ask the debutante about the experience of kissing her hero Emraan (as the teaser suggests) whose career is moving up in leaps and bounds. \"Yes, there are few kissing scenes in Jannat 2, but we have shown love between husband and wife, it is not like some wild animals making out, \" she giggles.She continues, \"Just the night before the kissing scene had to be shot, I had an upset stomach and backache which usually happens to me when I am nervous.During the shot the crew members kept telling me... 'C'mon breathe, breathe...' It is so technical when you do it, with the instructions coming - 'Ok, your head on right, face on left...now your hand is too up...I was like - let's get over it fast, and trust me it is not interesting at all. If some one told me, 'Wow! You kissed Emraan Hashmi, I would say...(raising her voice) \"Ya, and if you want to kiss Emraan Hashmi in front of 20 people, go ahead...please be my guest, I am fine...\" says Esha, who will be seen in a deglamourised avatar in Jannat 2.\"I play a doctor from a rich family and work for the needy and poor. I am shown looking for charity to open a hospital. It is a very teekha character,\" says Esha, who has replaced a number of actresses in a very short time. She replaced Prachi Desai in Jannat 2, then she stepped into Jacqueline Fernandes's shoes in Raaz 3 , further Esha replaced Asin in an upcoming film that deals with a serious and sensitive subject, and finally she replaced Deepika Padukone to endorse one of the top cosmetic brands. \"Guess God was on my side. It wasn't meant for them, it was meant for me. I believe in karma, let life take its own turn,\" says the ex-beauty.And Mahesh Bhatt has an interesting take on his latest discovery, \"It is refreshing to see a modern girl who can take the world on and yet retain her feminine charm. Esha has the fragrance of India with a good mix of substance and beauty.\" Adds Jannat 2 director, Kunal Deshmukh, \"Esha has all the making of a star. In the last four to five years, Esha is the only actress who has bagged three films without a single release.\"Brimming with confidence, Esha is someone who believes that arrogance is a virtue. \"If you think you are good at something you should know about it. All my three films are going to be hit. Without any recommendations I am the main protagonist in all of them. It is going good...\" she says and takes off to give her shot.Fox Star Studios and Vishesh Films Jannat 2 releases on May 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12686113", "title": "Govt-Army tension affecting internal security: Narendra Modi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Slamming the centre for recent controversies with Army, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Monday said tensions between the civil and military wings are bound to adversly impact the internal security of the country.Speaking at the chief ministers' conference on internal security, Modi said, \"It is unfortunate that the present Union government has failed to instill faith and confidence about our defence preparedness in the common man\".Modi said the internal security of the country cannot be viewed in isolation as it is intertwined with the external security scenario and the armed forces play an important role in anti-infiltration and anti-insurgency which directly impinges on the internal security of the nation.\"In this context, any lacunae in our defence capabilities on account of resource constraints, demoralisation of the rank and file and tensions between the civil and military wings is bound to have an adverse impact on the internal security of the nation,\" he said.The Gujarat chief minister said the centre should take proactive steps \"to clear the fog of mistrust and suspicion\" that has arisen on account of the \"recent unseemly controversy\" and not \"remain content with mere issuance of statements\".Criticising the Centre for its \"non-consultative\" approach with state governments on key security issues, Modi said the Centre was creating \"state within state\" by amending RPF Act, BSF Act which take away powers from state police and meddling with subjects under the state list.He said politicisation of central agencies, including the CBI, is increasing and they are used to harass and victimise political rivals of the ruling party at the centre.\"This approach has gravely compromised the credibility of agencies like CBI and is a matter of concern since these agencies are also involved in internal security matters,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12685728", "title": "4-member team conducts month long journey from Ganga Sagar to Gangotri", "text": "VARANASI: In addition to the efforts and campaigns to maintain clean and uninterrupted flow of the Ganga that are gaining momentum across the country, a four-member team led by K Chandramouli, an IT-BHU alumnus has come up with month-long 6,000 km journey along the course of national river from Ganga Sagar to Gangotri to take first hand account of the condition. The purpose of the journey was to create awareness amongst people for cleanliness of the holy river, which is essential to maintain its sanctity and self regeneration capacity.\"We came across harsh realities of the plight of the national river, which was being polluted at many sites across the country. Unfortunately, the place, which is considered to be apt for gaining salvation (Kashi or Varanasi is also called Moksha Nagari), the banks of Ganga turned out to be most polluted along with places like Kanpur, Bhagalpur and Patna. Sewage flow (underground or open drains) into the river was found to be the most uncivilised way of brutally injecting poison into the veins of Ganga. In addition, sewage treatment was more an exception than a rule in many places including Bhagalpur (10 per cent) and Varanasi (40 per cent), where sewage treatment plant (STP) capacity was too meager compared to sewage generation with the utilisation found to be even less\", said K Chandramouli, the team leader and retired engineer, who did B Tech in Mechanical Engineering from IT-BHU in 1963 during a press conference at Durgakund on Sunday.It may be mentioned here that the month-long journey began on March 16, 2012 and culminated on April 14. Apart from K Chandramouli, other members of the group included Nagesh Datta from Varanasi, Aaron MacFarlin (US photographer) and Ambra Schumaker (female videographer from Italy). The team completed most of the journey on road along the course of Ganga and also boarded on boats to experience the plight at various places in the month-long journey.Saying that the pupose of the tour was to get first hand information and record the reasons for the sad plight of Ganga, the team leader emphasised that it also provided a sentimental bondage with the holy river and understand the deep feelings of of the various sections of people living along the Ganga. Some interesting revelations were also made along the trip, as people came forward to share their feelings and emotions with the national river on the occasion. While at many places STPs were non-functional due to poor maintenance and unavailability of power, there were also exceptions in the form Anupshahr, where a small plant was working with local group of enthusiasts playing active and vigilant role. However, many STPs also quietly by pass the dirty and polluted liquid into nallahs, which inturn goes in the river. Factories in Monghyr, Mokamah, Pooth (Bihar) and Kanpur witnessed similar conditions, he added.In Uttarakhand, where the river is assumed to be clean, Ganga was found to be flowing in tricles at many places. It was also flowing through tunnels for many kilometres and the course was found to be changed for power generation. It was painful sight but the hill ecology of the river was damaged due to dams, barrages, tunnels along the course, said the team leader on the occasion.The team is all set to come up with series of books in Hindi and English on plight of Ganga apart from CDs, pamphlets, photo exhibitions at various places to generate awareness.Ganga Mahapanchayat: A number of activists joining the campaign for clean and continuous flow of Ganga participated in Ganga Mahapanchayat, organised by Adarsh Bharat Sangh at Bhullanpur on Sunday.Lending support to the fast unto death started by Swami Gyanswarup Sanand (noted environmentalist Prof GD Agrawal), the activists led by Sanjay Chaubey, national president (ABS) demanded urgent action from the government to ensure clean and uninterrupted flow in the Ganga. They also criticised the government for playing down the emotions of people living along Ganga in the country. Similarly, Ganga devotees in the city also kept a day-long token fast for clean Ganga at Shankaracharya ghat on Sunday.Meanwhile, various schools in the city under the banner of Varanasi Schools Association will remain closed on Tuesday (April 17), whereas senior students (Class IX to XII) will form human chain to educate and make the local people aware of problems afflicting Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686589", "title": "Kaushik's play with Prosenjit has to wait", "text": "One look at his recent productions and it would be easy to draw a conclusion - theatre personality Kaushik Sen surely takes the credit of making the Kolkata stage more star-studded.Not only has he roped in television stars Debdut Ghosh and Rajatava Dutta in \"Shei Sumouli\", but hit headlines when he could convince Tollywood's first couple - Prosenjit Chatterjee and Arpita to star in his productions. While the play with Arpita, \"Notir Pujo\", has been tremendously successful, his \"Aswsatthama\" involving Prosenjit has to wait for some more time. Rehearsals for the play was supposed to begin in March but because of the superstar's chock-a-block schedule, it has got delayed. \"\"I'm ready from my side. But Bumabada has a lot of commitments in terms of films. Once he is through with those, we'll start work on the play. If all goes well, it will happen by the end of the year,\"\" said Kaushik. On being asked how the star power is working in favour of theatre, the director of Swapnasandhani said, \"It's working wonders, but it's not starpower but performance that matters at the end of the day.\" Meanwhile, Kaushik is all set to start his next - Shakespeare's Macbeth, where he will ply the title role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682538", "title": "Maid to order: Cops fail to arrest kingpin", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After close to 10 days since the racket of providing robbers in the guise of maids to upscale families of this city was unearthed, Chandigarh police have failed to arrest the Delhi-based kingpin of the gang.According to the police, Gaurav Kumar, in early 30s, was running this scam all the way from Delhi. He was netting victims from Chandigarh, by giving attractive advertisements and pamphlets in the local newspapers.\"Police have conducted raids at various places in Delhi and Haryana in search of Gaurav. However, we have not been able to arrest him so far. Now, we are going to move the court seeking non-bailable warrants against him,\" said Ram Rattan, one of the investigation officer of the case.So far, police have arrested four accused, including two women , but say they are tough nuts to crack and did not disclose much about the kingpin.\"We need to conduct continuous raids in different parts of Delhi, and it is difficult to coordinate with Delhi police that frequently,\" said one of the police official, who declined to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683776", "title": "Lights, camera, action!", "text": "The Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), Pune, the premier film and television training institute of the country, is mulling changes to its existing regular and long-term courses and will also introduce new courses.The existing courses of the institute include a one-year postgraduate certificate course in feature film screenplay writing, two-year postgraduate diploma in acting and two-year postgraduate diploma in art direction and production design. The reason, according to DJ Narain, director, FTII, is to give students an opportunity for holistic learning.\"We want to introduce an integrated training module for all courses. Thus, a student of cinematography will have knowledge about editing; a student of sound will have knowledge about cinematography and so on. We are also planning to extend the duration of the existing courses to three years. At present, while courses like acting , art direction and production design are two-year courses , feature film screenplay writing is a one-year course.With a common duration for all the courses, we are looking at introducing uniformity.\"With this, he reasons, students will gain the aesthetic and philosophical know-how about the art of film-making and also gain a well-rounded approach. \"We not only want to create good professionals but those who will understand the various aspects and nuances of cinema and film-making ,\" says Narain.From the academic year 2013, courses will have increased international exchange programmes and workshops to put the institute on the global map and also expose students to international standards of film-making , which will help broaden their horizons.Expressing the need for this change, Narain says, \"With rapid changes in technology, the medium is undergoing a metamorphosis. Today, everything is moving towards digitalisation . Hence, there is an immediate need for re-orientation and training. We are looking at all the significant aspects that need change. If news or entertainment is one of them, then why not?\" says Narain.The new courses that are in the pipeline will be on film curation and film preservation which are taught abroad but is not yet prevalent in India.--Veena Aruldass", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12688862", "title": "Rajini to release Billa 2 audio at his residence?", "text": "Billa 2 audio release will most probably take place at Rajinikanth's home in Poes Garden.If sources are to be believed, the audio will be released in a simple function with only Rajini, Ajith and few other people associated with Billa 2 attending it.Since the Superstar is busy with Kochadaiyaan, the plan as of now is to release the audio at Rajini's residence. Sources say that Ajith very badly wants Rajini to do the honors but since he is busy they are planning the release at Rajini's residence.Billa 2 is likely to be released in June this year and all arrangements for this are being made.Source: www.cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12685748", "title": "Thundershower turns weather cool", "text": "KANPUR: Thundershowers kept the weather pleasant on Sunday. The cool breeze blowing in the region lowered both minimum and maximum temperature. A thunderstorm, accompanied by decent rainfall, lashed the city at around 1.15 am on Saturday night. Many trees were uprooted.The storm plunged the city into darkness. At a number of places, snags in power cables took place. Power was restored over the storm. The areas where snags developed, remained without power for several hours. This affected the daily routine of the people.According to the meteorological department of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the occurrence of thunderstorms over the plains of northwest India is likely to continue for some more days. Thereafter, the maximum temperature will increase gradually. Isolated thunderstorms may hit the district.There may be partial cloud cover on Monday and Tuesday. Chances of one more round of rains and thunderstorms on Wednesday are there. After that, the temperature may rise.Both the minimum and maximum temperatures dipped. The maximum temperature stood at 33.5 degrees on Sunday. The minimum remained 15.1 degree Celsius. The humidity was 76 per cent in the morning, which reduced to 43 per cent in the afternoon.A total of 4.6 mm rainfall was recorded in the district last week. It adversely affected the standing crop in the region. The rain and thunderstorms also harmed the mango crop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12681876", "title": "A thousand devotees flock to Batim for Mary's blessings", "text": "PANAJI: Around 1,000 devotees flocked to the Gancim hill on the feast day of Divine Mercy, seeking blessings of Mother Mary. Sources said several healings were revealed by Mary, who Christians venerate as the mother of God, at the spot of her apparition in the compound of the church of St Simon and St Jude on Sunday.After the devotees spent a couple of hours in prayer inside the church, the crowd then emerged and gathered at the spot, where Iveta Fernandes had claimed she had seen an apparition of Mother Mary many years ago.During the prayers at the spot near the cross, Fernandes told the devotees that Mother Mary had revealed to her that many sick persons with various types of cancers, serious bone injuries, brain tumours, heart problems and infertility problems were healed.\"These were different people who had asked Fernandes to pray on their behalf,\" a source said.Earlier, the devotees assembled at the foot of the Gancim hill and went up enacting the Way of the Cross a little before 2pm. Fr Michael Fernandes, parish priest of Our Lady of Guadalupe church, Batim, commenced the prayers including exposition of the Blessed Sacrament and followed by intercession to the Divine Mercy.A medal, which Fernandes said Mother Mary had entrusted her to make, was also released on the occasion. The medal with the image of Mother Mary depicted the Blessed Sacrament on her heart with two keys of St Peter. On the other side, it shows St Michael, the archangel, destroying Satan. Two medals were to be sent to the Pope and the archbishop of the archdiocese of Goa and Daman.Further, Fernandes announced that she would reveal more messages to the Batim villagers and people of Goa on the occasion of feast of Our Lady of Gloria at Batim church next Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12687024", "title": "State's powers being abrogated by the Centre: Jayalalithaa", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Monday warned against an \"emerging pattern\" wherein the state's powers are \"abrogated\" by the Centre through passage of bills and accused it of showing \"scant respect\" for state governments.In an all-round attack on the Congress-led UPA, Jayalalithaa accused the central government of \"encroaching on state powers\" through the National Counter-Terrorism Centre which was in \"contravention\" to constitutional provisions that accord priority status to police in the State list.Addressing the chief ministers' conference on internal security here, she claimed that the Centre unilaterally decided on the Indo-US joint naval exercise in the Bay of Bengal without taking the state government into confidence.\"Lack of consultation with the states and failure to take the states into confidence is a cogent commentary on the system of governance in the Centre.\"...This is not all. Adding insult to injury, the central government did not permit the Consul-General of the US Consulate, Chennai, and senior Indian Navy officials based in Chennai to meet me as the constitutional head of the government,\" she said.Jayalalithaa, who is opposed to the NCTC, said this implies that the central government has \"scant respect\" for constitutionally-elected state governments.She also expressed the hope that the Centre follow the principle of prior consultation with the state governments, whenever such important decisions are taken by the central government.\" No doubt , it is a pre-arranged exercise according to the prescribed tenets under covenant between two countries. Even so, is it too much to expect to be kept informed?\" she asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12682479", "title": "Akhilesh to ministers: Implement manifesto promises fast", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday wrote to his cabinet colleagues asking them to begin implementing the promises made by the Samajwadi Party in its election manifesto. Completing a month in the the office on Sunday, Akhilesh said the masses had high expectation from the state government and that the changes as a result of the efforts made by the government should start to reflect immediately.Bringing the focus back to the law and order conditions in the state, Akhilesh said though there had been attempts to malign the image of the party, he was committed to ensuring that UP was a safe and peaceful place to live in. The Samajwadi Party government, he repeated, was determined to give UP a corruption-free, good governance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12681824", "title": "Murder in Naroda solved", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city crime branch officials on Sunday arrested Ashwin Patel, the prime suspect in the Suresh Patel murder case.Suresh, 26, a resident of Naroda, was found murdered from Ashwin's car with 22 stab wounds on April 11 from near canal at Naroda GIDC. Ashwin was absconding since then. \"We got a tip-off about Ashwin's visit to Big Bazaar mall on SG Highway and kept a watch. He was nabbed from the spot. We've already recovered the knife used in the incident,\" said a crime branch official.Suresh was partner in a land broking business with Ashwin Patel and Praful Joshi. \"As per Ashwin's statement, Suresh had promised great returns from a land deal worth Rs 2.5 crore near Naroda. For this he approached his partners. Ashwin was debt-ridden and desperate to make money. After Suresh promised him 100% returns in a matter of six months, he raised Rs 80 lakh and gave it to Suresh in January 2011. Joshi too had invested Rs 11 lakh in the project,\" said the official.In one year, Ashwin made several attempts to get his money back, but to no avail. In February, Suresh gave documents of the land to Ashwin, which Ashwin found to be forged. \"On April 11, Ashwin and Suresh had an altercation. Ashwin, who was driving the car, demanded his Rs 80 lakh back. Suresh assaulted him with a knife which Ashwin snatched and stabbed him in return,\" said the official.Investigators said that Ashwin will be handed over to Naroda police for further questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12682184", "title": "Every member of unlawful assembly is liable for crime of others: High Court", "text": "NAGPUR: In an important verdict, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court ruled that \"every member of the unlawful assembly becomes vicariously liable for the act done by others,\" before dismissing a petition by a Wardha resident, who was accused of seriously injuring a person with a sword in a group.\"If five or more persons come in a group and if the offence is committed in prosecution of the common object of the assembly, each member knowing it to be likely that use of dangerous weapon like sword by any or some of them may cause grievous injury, then each of them may be held liable for commission of the offence,\" justice Ashok Bhangale observed, dismissing Umesh Thamekar's (37) criminal application.According to prosecution, in September, 2010, the accused along with his other 8-10 accomplices surrounded and threatened Wardha tehsil office patwari Rajendra Manthanwar. The latter used to fine their vehicles for illegally carrying building material and they incurred financial losses. One of the members from the group had assaulted Rajendra, injuring him with a sword.On a complaint, Wardha police charge-sheeted Thamekar along with his accomplices under Sections 147, 148, 201, 307, 325 read with Section 149 of IPC and Sections 4 and 25 of the Arms Act. Subsequently, all of them were arrested and criminal proceedings were initiated against them at JMFC Wardha.The accused moved the high court for quashing the proceedings contending that the Rajendra did not disclose the details of the offenders who had formed an unlawful assembly or how it was formed and his role in the crime. Moreover, ingredients of the offence were not stated by the complainant and therefore, further continuance of the criminal proceedings would be abuse of the process of law as Rajendra had not seen the assailant actually injuring him.\"If necessary factual foundation is laid in criminal complaint/FIR, merely on the ground that a few ingredients of the offence have not been stated in details, the criminal proceedings should not be quashed. Quashing of the complaint is warranted only where it is bereft of even the basic facts which are absolutely necessary for making out the alleged offence,\" Justice Bhangale observed.The judge added that every member of the unlawful assembly becomes liable for the act done by others. \"Although the overt act may not be imputed to every one of them, each of them under the normal circumstances is deemed to be a member of the unlawful assembly when offence is committed in prosecution of the common object,\" the judge ruled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12682407", "title": "Dissimilar voices from IUML over fifth minister", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The rift within the IUML over the way the party got the fifth ministerial berth has come to fore with two senior leaders contradicting each other on the issue.Industries minister P K Kunhalikutty told a Malayalam television channel that the party was 'constrained' to adopt an aggressive position due to the compulsions from inside.The discussions in the media that the party may not get the position led the party to harden its stand. Things would have gone out of control had the party not stuck to its stand, he said.Party general secretary E T Muhammad Basheer, however, refused to take an apologetic stand on issue. Briefing the media after the state working committee meeting here on Saturday, he said the cabinet post for Manjalamkuzhi Ali was the result of the compromise formula agreed by the Congress and the IUML.\"IUML did not exert any pressure on anyone to get the post. There is no truth in the allegation that the communal equation has been upset after the expansion of the cabinet,\" he said. But it is said that a group led by Basheer pushed for a cabinet berth for Ali through a member of the Panakkad family. Even the Congress leader P T Thomas, MP, who addressed the media on Sunday, conceded that there was a 'conspiracy' within the IUML to get the berth for Ali.Sources said there was a tacit understanding between Kunhalikutty and Oommen Chandy that the IUML will finally be satisfied with some other posts. But Basheer whipped up the passion of the party cadres who considered fifth minister post as a prestige issue of the community.Faced by the threat that the control of the party would go to Basheer's hand, Kunhalikutty grudgingly agreed to dump his compromise formula. He communicated to Chandy that the party will have to withdraw its ministers from the UDF cabinet unless Ali was made a minister. The party has consolidated its position among the community after Ali was elevated as minister, but it has suffered a serious alienation in the civil society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12681950", "title": "Doctors stress taking care of vocal health", "text": "NAGPUR: While taking stock of their health, people take into account many factors. However, seldom do they give thought to their 'vocal health'. On World Voice Day that falls on Monday, city doctors have urged people to assess this important aspect of their health and take good care of it, too.Voice-related disorders are more common than most people think, especially among professionals like teachers, lawyers, singers, preachers, hawkers, radio jockeys - anybody who depends on their voice for a living. With the theme for this year's world voice day being, 'Make Your Voice Count', doctors believe that it is high time those in such professions took more care of the gift of speech.\"The focus has now moved from caring for the diseased vocal chords to preventive care. We have established three groups of people who could be affected by such diseases in the future: young aspirants wishing to join these professions, professional voice users who need to speak to many people at the same time and singers,\" said city based ENT surgeon Dr Madan Kapre, who is also the president of the Laryngology and Voice Association of India.Several simple precautions and exercises can help these professionals deal with the problems that they have or to prevent them, he said. \"One thing people do not understand is that there is a difference in raising one's voice and shouting while they speak to a larger audience,\" he added.\"Most sense organs are two but we have only one tongue. This means there is bound to be more abuse of the ability to speak. There are ways for reducing the strain on one's vocal chords, even for the voice professionals,\" said Dr Prashant Nikhade, city president of Association of Otolaryngologists of India (AOI). He suggested people should never ignore any change in their voice. \"If one has a sore throat for more than 15 days continuously, one should consult a doctor. It could point the presence of a singer's nodule, an irreversible condition that can even lead to permanent loss of voice. Though alcohol and tobacco don't cause the strain on one's voice, they do worsen the condition,\" he added.\"With effective communication skills being important for all professions, it is important that even people who are not professional voice users also take good care of their vocal health. There are several ways in which people misuse and even abuse the ability to speak like while talking when loud music is on,\" opined Dr Bhagyashree Bokare, an associate professor in ENT department of Government Medical College and Hospital. \"Earlier people used to ignore all voice-related problems thinking that they would be fine in a few days. Now, however more people consult us which is a good trend,\" she said.For singers:Don't talk loudly before performancesHum and sing before going on stageAvoid eating just before a performanceFor other professionals:Don't go for an oration with a full stomachHave water frequently while speaking and try to take breaks periodicallyDon't have spicy food before going to bedwhen there's a need to speak loudly, increase the throw of your voice rather than screamingMaintain a good oral, dental and nasal hygieneIf there is some problem in your throat, avoid talking or it may lead to permanent damageAvoid using spraysWhenever possible have lemons, amla, and warm lemonade", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12686515", "title": "Driver dies in bus-truck collision", "text": "RAJKOT: One person was killed and three others got injured in a bus-truck collision on Kuvadava Road on Saturday night. Police identified the deceased as Dinesh Vasoa, 35, who was driver of the bus.Police said the incident occurred when the bus tried to overtake another heavy vehicle and failed to see the truck coming from the opposite direction.\"The bus driver was killed on the spot. The injured identified as Ramesh Patel, 23, Rahul Upadhyaya, 18, and Jigar Shah, 38, were rushed to the Civil Hospital,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kabul", "code": "12683086", "title": "I shot 400-500 bullets from my Kalashnikov at attackers: MP", "text": "KABUL: Unfazed by the brazen attempt by heavily-armed Taliban gunmen to storm parliament on Sunday, MPs were not found wanting and they joined security forces in firing on the militants.Parliament was in session when the gunmen targeted it in the deadly wave of attacks in Kabul and three other eastern cities.Mohammad Nahim Lalai Hamidzai, a lawmaker from Kandahar, said that some lawmakers including him and his bodyguards fought the militants who had seized an under-construction six-storey building in front of Afghan parliament.The gunmen stopped firing at parliament after a brief while after being engaged by security forces.\"I shot up to 400 or 500 bullets from my Kalashnikov at the attackers,\" he said. \"They fired two rocket-propelled grenades at the parliament.\"\"I'm the representative of my people and I have to defend them,\" Hamidzai said.Most MPs had left the parliament before it came under attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12685923", "title": "Welfare council seeks more time to hold meeting despite baby's death", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even after the recent death of baby Ananya and 32 other children since 2003 at the Kerala State Child Welfare Council (KSCWC) in the city, the affairs of child care has always taken a backseat over the power struggle going on at the council. Now, the members of this plan to seek more time from the high court to hold the general body meeting to chart the future course of action.The council members say that the government is responsible for the sad state of affairs at the only adoption home on KSCWC in city, with lack of proper facilities and denial of salary to the staff for last three months.\"The list of governing body members is yet to be obtained. Once that is received, a date can be chalked out for the governing body meet. On March 23, the high court has directed to hold the general body meeting within three weeks and the time expires by April 20, so we have decided to seek more time,\" said M S Jaya, director of social welfare department (SWD).The KSCWC, an autonomous body registered in 1960 under the Indian Council for Child Welfare has currently 880 members. In the last two and half years, 47 members were added to the list and plans are afoot to bring in more members into its fold.However, SWD director said the current list of members was locked and no more members could be brought to its fold now.District collector K N Satheesh said services of three ayahs from Sri Chitra Home had been sought till the appointment of trained staff for child care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12685879", "title": "Volley of railway demands", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Members of the newly-formed Palamu Railway Development Association (PRDA) put forward a volley of demands before station superintendent of the local railway station, G P Hansda, here on Saturday.The demands included a better and effective railway enquiry counter. The PRDA members strongly felt that enquiry counters lent inadequate service at night and conveyed their dissatisfaction with the officials to Hansda of pathetic attitude of the officials handling enquiry counter. Citing an instance of Saturday night when the Ranchi-New Delhi Rajdhani train came at 10.47 pm instead of the scheduled time of 10.13 pm, there was no announcement of the delay by the railway counter officials till 10.45 pm. The station superintendent assured of action against their complaints.The tap for cold water on the platform did not work properly as well. The members claimed that hot water gushed out of it. However, the man that Hansda sent to check on the matter came back claiming the tap was working well enough. \"To create awareness about railway safety among school children, the PRDA is going to have a painting and essay competition very soon,\" said president of the association Nisheeth Kumar Singh Bittu. tnnThe Coal India Chord section is prone to incidents of drugging of passengers by criminals to rob them of their belongings. This particular crime is, however, reported more during festivals like Holi and Durga Puja when migrant labourers come back to their hometown of Palamu.The association's office bearers opined that they would work on the trains to make the labourers more alert about and demanded medical backup in case of such dangers that mar their homecoming every year.The PRDA plans to create awareness about the perils of using unmanned railway crossings. On an average, there are one or two cases of runover on train tracks in Palamu every month. There is also a stir every three months demanding better railway amenities with the last one at Lalgarh railway station where commuters squatted on the track for the meeting of their demands.The PRDA members, however, have made it clear that they would indulge in such protests as they lead to inconvenience of passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686610", "title": "Student-friendly admission process", "text": "A 16-member panel at Delhi University proposes recommendations to smoothen the admission procedure for 2012-13. Vatsala Shrangi reportsThe Delhi University (DU), while gearing up for the new academic session, is making efforts to make the admission process more student-friendly.The 16-member committee, comprising principals from across DU colleges formed in November last year to review changes made to the undergraduate admissions in 2011 and to smoothen the procedure for 2012-13, has come up with a set of new recommendations.Last year, there were no pre-registration forms and students could directly walk in and take admission. \"Scrapping the pre-registration procedure caused us a lot of trouble. The new recommendation is to have a central online pre-registration of candidates. To facilitate online registration for students with no access to internet, the committee recommends setting up counters in colleges,\" says SK Garg, committee member and principal, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College.In another recommendation, the committee has decided on increasing the admission cancellation amount to Rs 1,000, which in the past, varied between colleges.Many students are denied seats because of one student blocking multiple seats in various colleges and cancelling the admission after the last date. To handle this situation, the committee has decided to increase the cancellation amount to be paid before the last date of admissions, while no fee will be refunded if a candidate cancels admission after the last date is over.\"This time, we have recommended increasing the admission cancellation fee to Rs 1,000. This is because students take it casually when they secure admissions in multiple colleges and block the seats till the last date,\" adds Garg.Another recommendation has been proposed on providing relaxation to SC/ST candidates who failed in the first year, to apply for fresh admissions again in the following year.According to him, there are instances when many SC/ST students performed poorly in the first year or do not get the stream of their choice. This is to give them another chance as they can register centrally again for fresh admissions.\"We want the admission procedure to be smooth and both student and administration-friendly at the same time. The university still has to give its verdict on the recommendations. The final decision rests with it and is expected in another couple of weeks\" says Garg.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687092", "title": "Vikas Bhalla's entry receives applause", "text": "Vikas Bhalla has made an impacting entry in the television serial Uttaran aired on COLORS TV. The show that is extremely popular, just added a feather to its cap.With Nandish Sandhu having quit the TV serial, it is Vikas Bhalla who filled his shoes. it's Bhalla who will now essay the role of Veer Singh Bundela. His entry, recently, was powerful and dignified, and we can't help but feel that the changes that have happened have happened for the best.Apparently, Vikas Bhalla was quite excited about doing the part when he was offered it. With Uttaran being one of the more popular soaps on Indian telelvision and with his character being a strong and powerful one, Vikas thought that it would only be right and exciting to be a part of this one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681848", "title": "Congress frowns upon Harish Rawat's fresh salvo", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union minister Harish Rawat's red flag on poaching in BJP to find a 'safe seat' for Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna triggered strong reactions, with his party Congress questioning his stance.Uttarakhand Congress spokesman Dhirendra Pratap accused Rawat of being selective in \"political ethics\" given his own rebellion against the leadership's decision to make Bahuguna the CM last month. Pratap said, \"If he is so ethical, why did he not accept the decision when party's all 32 MLAs asked party chief Sonia Gandhi to decide on the CM?\"The reaction came in response to Rawat's opposition to Congress's move to get a BJP MLA to quit his seat to help Bahuguna enter the assembly. He urged the CM to fight on a Congress-held seat. \"There would be many MLAs in Congress who would want to leave their seat,\" Rawat had said.With the party spokesman defending Congress's \"tit for tat\" (BJP got Congress MLA TPS Rawat to resign to facilitate assembly victory of its CM B C Khanduri) move, Rawat renewed his opposition and asked if it was the party's declared policy on how the CM should enter the assembly. \"If state Congress has decided on such a policy, then I have nothing to say,\" he said. The statement is interesting because absence of clarification from Congress on poaching would deepen the impression that it was eyeing a BJP MLA to help the CM.The war of words is sure to muddy the waters in Uttarakhand Congress reeling under an uneasy truce after the election results when the leadership installed Bahuguna as the CM. Rawat rebelled, resulting in ten days of chaos, which required the intervention of the top brass to settle the matter.Congress is eager to woo a saffron legislator because it is apprehensive that a by-poll defeat on a seat vacated by a Congress MLA could endanger the fledgling state government. Congress has just one MLA more than BJP.Rawat's \"ethical\" stand is seen by many partymen as a move to corner the CM because he has not reconciled to being overlooked for the top post. A party leader said nudging Bahuguna to find a Congress MLA to opt out for him could show the thin support for the CM since no one has come forward till now.While key Congress sources said they would want to do what Khanduri did with Congress's TPS Rawat, Harish Rawat's stance may not make it easy any more. BJP would have lacked the moral authority to speak on the issue in view of its own poaching history but insiders feel the in-house opposition in Congress could help them mount an offensive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687265", "title": "Euphoria soon to releases their first ever bilingual song", "text": "Euphoria is known for their nostalgic albums and the songs that rocked the 90's. They are also known to have introduced popular names like Vidya Balan to the popular culture.And now Euphoria is set for achieving yet another milestone as they prepare for releasing first ever bilingual song in India and abroad. The song will be released in Hindi and English with separately shot videos. This is being done for the first time and Palash Sen, lead singer of Euphoria is excited about this as he shares his experience.Palash says, \"This has never been done before and we all are very excited about it. We will have two separate releases for the song and it will be released on the internet, iTunes , on music channels like VH1 and MTv , and of course the CD's. We do not want to leave any avenue when it comes to reaching people.\" Talking on the importance of videos for independent artists, Palash says, \"Videos are very important for songs especially when there is so little time that is given to us on television. We are up against Bollywood and so we need create such videos that are engaging and tell the story in that limited frame of time.\"Palash is also quick to point out that popular music will never get those golden days back unless they get support from the music labels. Even though the Internet is a good option, it doesn't suffice as the viewer ship is too fragmented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12683104", "title": "Congress camps gear up as battle for supremacy rages Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: Battle of supremacy within Congress is raging in Himachal with two Union ministers of Congress planning a show of strength in the state on April 10. While Virbhadra Singh would hold a get-together for party leaders at his residence in Shimla to celebrate his 50 years in politics, Anand Sharma would meet party leaders at Palampur.Virbhadra, 78, who has remained chief minister of Himachal Pradesh five times, is once again eyeing the chair, much to the dislike of state Congress president Kaul Singh Thakur, 67, who has remained cabinet minister in the past but is lobbying hard for the chief ministerial berth with the help of Sharma whose political rivalry with Virbhadra Singh is a known fact in the state.Earlier, on March 25, Virbhadra Singh and Kaul Singh had held different public rallies in Jawali and Gagret towns. Virbhadra and Kaul Singh camps had drawn the battle line after election of Vikramaditya Singh, son of Virbhadra, as state president of Youth Congress, which was declared invalid on the complaint of Raghubir Bali, son of Nagrota MLA G S Bali, who is close to Kaul Singh.Virbhadra, who has constantly attacked the state leadership for failure to play the role of an effective opposition, has invited all MLAs, ex-MLAs and other party leaders to his residence on April 10. Onthe same day, he would discuss election strategy with his supporters, sources added. He will also address a rally at Gandhi Ground in Palampur on April 14, which is being coordinated by his close confidant and Baijnath MLA Sudhir Sharma. As the rally has been planned after Sharma and Kaul Singh's visit, it would be a show of strength by Virbhadra loyalist at Palampur, which has gained importance with many leaders eyeing to contest from here after delimitation of assembly constituencies.\"The leader who enjoys the support of a majority of leaders in the state would become clear on April 10. Both groups want to send a message to the party high command through this,\" said a senior leader. Virbhadra's supporters have also decided to hold a massive rally in Shimla on May 5 to honour him for his contribution to the party in the last 50 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686921", "title": "Are stars, who trounce Poonam Pandey, any different?", "text": "Starlet Poonam Pandey has taken to Twitter world by storm. But, every now and then people pounce on the opportunity to defame her for her bold pics that she keeps posting on Twitter. But I wanna ask, are they any different?Every body wants fame, more so when you are in the show biz industry. People use their hired PR Machinery to promote themselves and will go to any extent to promote their work, be it their films, the products they endorse or just themsleves for the sole purpose of being in the news. So how are they any different from leggy lass Poonam Pandey who claims she's doing is promoting herself and her work on Twitter. \"\"At least I am not hiring somebody else to do the work for me and paying huge sums of money to get the work done. So why this double standard in setting the criteria for what's decent and what's not,\"\" she rues.Poonam claim s there are tons of models and actresses who are getting inspired by her work and trying to tread the same path, but have met with little or no success. A case in point is the recent posting of raunchy videos of hers by Sneha Ullal . But she failed to garner the response that Poonam gets. So the girl must be doing something right that makes her so popular.\"\"It's very difficult to make a mark in the show biz industry if you don't have a godfather or if you're not a star child or winner of a beauty paegant. So if somebody is trying to make a mark for herself, albeit in an unconventional pattern, what's wrong in that?\"\" she says.India is going through a sea of change. And who are these so called custodians of morality, the ones to decide what's acceptable or not, when they themselves would leave no opportunity to indulge in porn behind closed doors. \"\"And if somebody aesthetically shoots some bold images, it's suddenly termed vulgar. To cut it short, not everybody can be Poonam Pandey,\"\" signs off the strip queen .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12683479", "title": "Biodiversity conservation gets a push", "text": "PUNE: The state forest department has developed a plan for conservation of the rich biodiversity outside the protected forest areas, that is, wildlife sanctuaries and national parks.The exercise, a joint initiative with the Bharati Vidyapeeth Institute of Environment Education and Research (BVIEER), will focus on conservation of reserve forests, catchment areas of dams, river valleys , agricultural fields, sacred groves and even urban areas. It will extend support to the local people for conservation, encourage 'community conserved' areas around national parks and sanctuaries and look at local traditional concepts that have protected the sacred groves and preserved natural forests.BVIEER's director Erach Bharucha said: \"Wildlife sanctuaries and national parks are really not enough for biodiversity conservation. The pressure of human activity is high and instances of conflict with the wildlife are increasing in the protected areas. So, there is a need to find alternative ways to conserve endangered species.\"He added, \"Planning a strategy for biodiversity conservation must also include breeding of endangered species as ex situ conservation. Preserving corridors between protected areas to facilitate movement of animals is crucial to maintain wildlife population. Identifying ecologically sensitive areas around parks and sanctuaries to form buffers is necessary to protect animals inside the protected areas and reduce conflict with local people's needs.Finding ways to use urban areas for biodiversity conservation, such as plantation of indigenous trees and creating avenue plantations as corridors between green areas can facilitate developing a better habitat for urban birds.''Conservation in urban areas will help protect local species of birds, animals and plants, Bharucha said. \"This will provide large areas for biodiversity conservation . The other steps that are suggested include plantation based on local species in the reserve forests. Timber is usually planted in this area. Plantation of local species with mixed plantation of trees, shrubs and climbers would add to conservation . This should minimize the risk of losing a particular species in case of any diseases or calamity,\" he said.V B Sawarkar, former director of the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), pointed out that looking at the pressure on natural resources in forest, conservation of biodiversity outside protected areas is critically important . \"Only 20% of the forest is in protected areas and there are small fragmentations of land. The population of plants and animals is limited in protected areas whereas, in larger areas with rich biodiversity, the genetic diversity increases,\" he said.\"People living in the forest area should be given alternatives to decrease the dependence on forest for fuel wood, fruits and flowers. Biological conservation outside the protected areas is not happening. For example, the minor forest produce like 'amla' (Indian gooseberry) is now being commercialised . The amla collected from forest is sold outside. Similarly , there are several plant species that are exploited. This results in low fruits or seeds regeneration of the plant species . So, there is a need to know what kind of forest resources are used by the locals, what is sold by them, exported, and the requirement of the people,'' Sawarkar said.Biodiversity conservation should be distributed in the entire landscape and not just in protected areas, said Aparna Watve, who has done extensive studies on rock outcrops in the state. \"Ecologists and conservationists have realised the importance of conservation of biodiversity outside the protected areas and its implementation was due for long. With the present situation of land conversion , it is impossible to declare new protected areas.Hence, it is more important to conserve biodiversity in the entire landscape . We need to conserve the sacred groves, plants, insects, wildlife, vegetables and agro-diversity ,'' she added.Nitin Kakodkar, chief conservator of forests (territorial), Pune, said that three workshops were held on the implementation of alternate strategies for biodiversity conservation in forest areas between the protected areas in the Western Ghats. \"The idea was to document biodiversity and various threats to it. We will also go to the field and conduct surveys,'' he added.Strategy for a greener stateSupport local people for conservationEncourage community conserved areasPromote local traditional conceptsProtect sacred grovesTake up mixed plantation in forest areaBreed endangered speciesPreserve corridors between protected areasIdentify ecologically sensitive areasFind ways to use urban areas for biodiversity conservation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12682304", "title": "Corporation gets smartcard readers", "text": "KOCHI: The corporation council has given the green signal to allocate Rs 15.58 lakh for procuring biometric card readers from Keltron.The implementation of the new system, which will be used for attendance management, is expected to improve the civic body's collective efficiency.Keltron had submitted an estimate of Rs15.77 lakh for introducing the biometric system. The finance committee after holding discussions with Keltron decided to procure each unit at a cost of Rs 35,220.Opposition leader K J Jacob said it would bring in more accountability among staff.\"It is a known fact that employees have a tendency to arrive late and leave early. Visitors who arrive after 4pm generally find empty chairs or get lame excuses from those who are in a hurry to leave. It will also be difficult to tamper the data recorded. As the system uses fingerprints, it will make it impossible to record attendance with the help of others,\" he says. The opposition leader denied reports that there had been objections from staff unions regarding its implementation.Mayor Tony Chammany has informed the council that this was a project that had been included in the priority list.\"It was declared in the budget, and we will not back out form implementing it,\" he said. The local body has stated that it would hold talks with unions to clear the misgivings and concern of staff regarding its implementation.To prove its efficiency, a working model of the biometric system was demonstrated before the finance committee meeting, which was held recently.If Kochi Corporation sticks it its plans it will not take too long for Keltron to install bio-metric based attendance management system in the offices. The Corporation council has given green signal to allocate an amount of Rs 15.58 lakhs for procuring bio metric card reader from Keltron. With the implementation of the new system, the local body expects to improve its collective efficiency.Keltron had submitted a price list of Rs 15.77 lakhs for introducing the bio-metric system. The finance committee held discussions with Keltron to finalise a price list. Following the talks, it was decided to procure each unit of the bio-metric reader at a cost of Rs 35,220 and to provide the enclosures free of cost.Commenting on the introduction of the new system, opposition leader, K J Jacob said that it could bring in more accountability among staff. \"It is a known fact that employees have a tendency to arrive late and leave office early. People who come for transacting business after 4 pm generally find empty chairs or get lame excuses form staff who will be in a hurry to leave. Moreover, it will be difficult to tamper the data recorded through the system. As the system uses finger prints, it will make it impossible to record attendance with the help of others,\" he said. The opposition leader also rubbed aside reports that there objections from staff unions regarding the implementation of the system.Mayor, Tony Chammany had informed the council that this was one of the projects that were included in the priority list. \"It was declared in the budget, and we will not back out form implementing it,\" he said. The local body had stated that they would hold talks with the unions to clear the misgivings and concern of staff regarding the implementation of bio-metric system. To prove its efficiency, a working model of the biometric system was demonstrated before the finance committee meeting of the corporation recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12681800", "title": "Shah kidnapping case foxes cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Cops probing the kidnapping case of a private firm executive found twist in the tale on Sunday when a woman approached them claiming she had accompanied Himmat Shah, 32, a resident of Prahladnagar, willingly to the flat in Manipur from where Shah managed to escape and later told police that he had been abducted for ransom of Rs 10 lakh.Police now suspect that Shah might have fallen victim to organized gang that extorts money from people who risk accompanying a stranger girl to a desolated spot. However, cops are tight-lipped about whether it was the case in Shah's abduction.Earlier, Shah had told police that on April 12, he was abducted in by four persons in a car from SG Highway and was taken to a flat in Manipur near Ghuma. Shah managed to give them the slip. tnn\"We arrested Narsinh Rabari, 35, a resident of Manipur Elegance, the flat from where Shah had fled, from his residence and also seized the black Mahindra Scorpio. However, he stated that he did not know about abduction bid before Shah was brought home by his friends. We have got names from him and have started tracking them down,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Meanwhile, a woman identified as Bijal, approached Vastrapur police on Sunday evening and stated that she had accompanied Shah from Bopal. \"After her primary questioning, we believe that she might have lured Shah and taken him to the flat where he might have been threatened by the group members about exposing him and might have beaten him up to extract the ransom. This theory is under probe at the moment. Shah will be questioned again for the same,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "madurai/trichy", "code": "12682548", "title": "Second phase of polio vaccination held across Madurai, Trichy", "text": "MADURAI/TRICHY: The Madurai administration has fixed a target of 2.98 lakh children to be administered polio vaccines during the second phase of intensive police vaccination camp held on Sunday. During the first phase of the camp in February 2012, as many as 2,97,000 children below five were administered the vaccines at the camps situated in government hospitals, primary healthcare centres, auxiliary primary healthcare centres, anganwadis, town healthcare centre, bus stands, railway stations etc. From its earlier record, the district administration has planned to increase it by another thousand children, official sources said.Collector U Sagayam along with minister Sellur K Raju inaugurated the camp at Kovilpappakudi PHC. During his address, the collector said Madurai district had achieved nil cases of polio from 1998 onwards. Though no cases of polio were recorded in the state from 2004, the intensive polio camps were held to prevent any polio attack prevalent in the northern states of the country from entering the state. Hence, all the children below five should be administered polio vaccines and parents should utilise the special camps for the purpose, he said.Meanwhile, Madurai corporation has arranged polio vaccination at all 252 centres where the first phase of the camp was organised. During the first phase in February 2012, the corporation saw 1,23,208 children being vaccinated in city limits. Besides the regular centres, the corporation arranged two mobile units and 15 other special locations like Rajaji Park, Eco Park and Meenakshi Amman temple where people gathered in large numbers. Mayor V V Rajan Chellappa inaugurated the second phase of the programme at EOC Maternity Hospital in Mappalayam on Sunday morning.During the entire day, volunteers vaccinated all children brought to the centres in the city limits and rural areas.In Trichy district, around 2.5 lakh children were administered polio vaccine in the second phase of the programme on Sunday. As many as 1,495 centres were set up for the purpose. Since most of the children who badly needed the vaccine lived in the suburban regions of Trichy, and taking into consideration their difficulties in bringing their children to the city, as many as 1,265 polio vaccine administration centres had been set up in the rural belt, excluding 22 centres in Manapparai and eight in Thuraiyur. Within the Trichy corporation limits, there were 200 centres spread across all important places including all hospitals, bus stands and road junctions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681089", "title": "More complaints surface about fake IPS officer", "text": "CHENNAI: The police on Sunday said several fresh complaint have been made against S Vijayabanu, who was arrested on Friday for posing as an IPS officer and cheating people of several lakhs of rupees.Vijayabanu alias Sheeba Mathew, who is being held in Central Prison, Puzhal, faces at least 30 charges of cheating from various places incluuding Pulianthope, Avadi, Periyar Nagar, Madhavaram and Adukambarai in Vellore district.Officers said the police may soon freeze the conwoman's bank accounts.S Vijayabanu met Grade 1 jail warden D Vidhechana when she was behind bars in Puzhal prison in 2009-2010 for theft. \"They became friends but were separated after Vidhechana was promoted to Grade I jail warden and posted in Vellore Jail,\" an investigating officer said. \"They renewed their relationship when Vijayabanu was moved to Vellore prison.\"The police said Vidhechana was not aware of Vijayabanu's illegal activities. Vijayabanu had convinced Vidhechana that she was not a convict but had been sent by the Centre on a secret mission to investigate irregularities in the prison. To win Vidhechana's confidence, Vijayabanu had even morphed photographs to show her with senior police officers like former DGP Letika Saran.Vijayabanu, who used her persuasive skills to cheat people, prefers to stay in the cell she shares with four other prisoners, an officer said.She was arrested on Friday based on a complaint by S Vimalraj, jail warden Vidhechana's brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12686045", "title": "Barc's safe water pledge in state", "text": "Sindri: The Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (Barc) can help the state government provide safe drinking water to people in areas where arsenic and fluoride content in groundwater is higher than the permissible limit, Barc director R K Sinha said on Sunday.He said Barc has the technology of water purification and if the state government approaches it, the mobile water purification unit for supplying safe drinking water can be used in such areas. He was here to address the concluding function of the two-day national seminar on 'Indian Nuclear Programme - Opportunities and challenges' at BIT Sindri.Replying to a query regarding high arsenic content in groundwater in some areas of the Sahebganj district, Sinha said BARC has no information about that problem in Jharkhand. \"We have helped the Punjab government in providing safe drinking water in areas where groundwater had traces of uranium. We have also been approached by the West Bengal government, but have no communication in this regard from Jharkhand government,\" he added.Sinha said Barc scientists were helping farmers in a big way in growing disease-free groundnut and soya, as well as food preservation by irradiating fruits like mango and litchi before exporting it. \"Half of the black gram (Urad) consumed in India is grown using seeds developed by Barc,\" he claimed, and informed reporters that the Barc scientists have teamed up with agricultural scientists of many state agricultural universities for augmenting agricultural research and would be happy to tie up with the agricultural universities of Jharkhand, too.Talking about the prospects of a nuclear power plant in Jharkhand, the Barc director said that the state has all the potentials for a nuclear power plant as such a plant can easily be set up at places where there are thermal power plants, but so far neither the state government nor the central government has taken any initiative in this regard. As Jharkhand mines are the sole source of uranium at the moment, the atomic energy department can examine the feasibility of setting up a nuclear power plant provided the state takes initiative, he remarked. \"Earlier, setting up a nuclear power plant in areas having thermal power plants was not considered to be economically viable but now, when the cost of power generation in thermal power plants has gone up due to imported coal, nuclear power is considered cheaper,\" he added.He also said that 95 per cent construction work of the prototype of a fast breeder reactor for a 500 MW power plant in Kalpakkam has been completed, and construction of second generation heavy water reactors will start during the 12th five-year plan. He also admitted that only thorium-based atomic reactors can guarantee energy security to the nation as it is available in abundance in the country. \"We have the technology and will have to construct thorium reactors,\" he informed reporters.He assured that there is no need to worry about storage of nuclear waste as the quantity of nuclear waste being generated at the moment is very low. It is being stored in underground solid surveillance facility at Tarapur at the moment and would be buried beneath the granitic stratum of earth in future.Earlier, he presented a technical paper on 'Atomic energy - in the service of the nation'. Nearly 54 technical papers were presented during the two-day seminar and more than 200 delegates from Barc, UCIL, NPCIL, Nuclear Fuel Complex, different universities, engineering colleges and research institutes participated in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12685634", "title": "Sangeet Samaroh ends with performance of Odissi dancers", "text": "VARANASI: The extracts from Ramcharit Manas played via Odissi dances marked the closing ceremony of the 89th annual Sankat Mochan Sangeet Samaroh on Saturday. Noted Odissi dancers Ratikant Mahapatra, Sujata Mahapatra and Pritisha Mahapatra staged various incidences related to Lord Rama, which apart from entertaining the audience also knocked the devotional bliss in them. Later on the magical duet of Pandit Rajan Sajan Mishra and the Santoor recital of Pandit Bhajan Sapori enthralled the audience. The five-day musical festival started on April 10 on the occasion of Hanuman Jayanti and sea of devotees and music lovers thronged in to witness the legendary performances of eminent artists like Pandit Jasraj , Pandit Hari Prasad Chaurasia, Ajay Pohankar, U Srinivasan, Satish Vyas, Channulal Mishra including many young artistes.According to the organisers, the next musical festival of the temple will begin from April 29, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12681859", "title": "Cops foil bid to install Anna statue", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon police detained 15 men from Haryana Berozgar Sangh who tried to install a statue of Anna Hazare at Sector 4/7 Chowk on Sunday. A city court had earlier ordered in favour of naming the crossing as Lala Lajpat Rai Chowk.The social activist's supporters gathered at Goshala Maidan on Sunday morning under the leadership of the organization's president, P L Kataria. Heavy police forces were deployed at Sector 4/7 chowk and Goshala Maidan to avoid any untoward incident.The city administration and police had told the supporters to cancel the programme but they ignored their appeal and announced the setting up of the statue at the crossing. As soon as they began their journey from Goshala Maidan to Sector 4/7 Chowk with a statue of Anna in a tractor-trolley, police stopped them and took their mike system, which was used without the requisite permission, into custody.Police also detained 15 members of the organization and took the statue into custody. By the evening, police arrested four men including Kataria, while letting the others off. A case has been lodged against them for disregarding the court order, and creating a law and order situation.Meanwhile, Kataria, along with members Archna and Mangal Singh, said that they had applied for permission to install the statue 15 days ago, but the administration had turned down their request. \"We had informed the members of the organization not to install the statue but they forcefully tried to do it. They didn't take any type of permission from the district administration. After that, we lodged an FIR and arrested four persons including the organization's president. They will be produced in a city court on Monday,\" said DCP (west) Abhey Singh Rao.A senior police officer said that an organization called Vaishya Samaj had demanded the crossing to be named Lala Lajpat Rai Chowk in 2003 and the municipal committee had agreed to its proposal. But another organization, Panchal Samaj, had opposed the move and took the matter to court. However, in 2010, a city court made a ruling in favour of Vaishya Samaj and ordered the naming of the place as Lala Lajpat Rai Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12686745", "title": "Centre to copy state's e-blood bank service", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Impressed with the innovative e-blood bank service in state, the Centre is keen to replicate the model under National Rural Health Mission in other states, health minister Prasanna Acharya said here on Sunday.Over 20,000 people used the service in five months since it was launched on December 14. The users used internet or sent SMS or called up the toll free number to figure out availability of blood in various banks, said a statement attributing the minister.E-blood bank service is a web-enabled system for electronic monitoring of blood collection, testing, storage and final use or disposal. Under the service, Odisha has started bar-coding of blood bags to ensure blood collected first is used first in 100 per cent cases.An online data base of regular donors is being be maintained. Those who choose to donate blood on particular days such as anniversary, birthday or foundation day (in case of an institution) are getting SMS reminders with greetings for the day and a note of encouragement for donating blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683358", "title": "Consumer activists to challenge strike in high court", "text": "The Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP) will challenge the auto strike in the high court on Monday. Shirish Deshpande of the MGP said, \"The strike by Sharad Rao's Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union is uncalled for. The government has done its best to help auto drivers. It has given them an interim fare hike of Re 1 and appointed a trade inquiry committee. What more does Rao want? He cannot intimidate the for even a day.\"Deshpande also criticized the transport department for bowing to pressure from Rao three days before the date of the strike. \"There is no need to act in haste. Let the new trade inquiry committee be formed (in which consumer activists , too, are stakeholders). The decision on a fare hike should be taken after considering all the parameters,\" Deshpande said.He said MGP's petition in the court would be in \"general public interest\" , demanding action against Rao for causing inconvenience to lakhs of consumers (commuters). \"Autos are a necessity in Mumbai's suburbs. We will not tolerate any more inconvenience. These drivers (on strike) need to be taught a lesson,\" Deshpande said.Sunil Mone, another consumer rights activist, said he would support any petition that was in public interest. \"I think this is the right time for the government to wake up and provide public transport alternatives in the city.They can ask BEST to start new feeder routes from railway stations and also organize mini-bus circular routes from prominent stations. Unless there is a fear of competition , auto drivers will continue to go on strike.\"Deshpande said the MGP will mobilize school buses and private vehicles to mitigate difficulties faced by passengers on Monday. \"We welcome the consumer-friendly stand taken by the MNS and Shiv Sena, who are opposing the strike.\"Vidya Vaidya, a civic activist from Bandra, said, \"How can you expect to give more hikes to auto drivers when the existing service is so poor? Let them first stop refusing passengers, and start behaving properly with women and senior citizens. Let them repair faulty meters. They have no right to go on strike on a whim.\"Mumbai Environmental Social Network's Rishi Agarwal said the transport department should have a \"proactive mechanism \" to determine fares based on all factors apart from fuel costs. \"Once the department fixes the fare, there should be no dispute among drivers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12682014", "title": "Citizens lament damage to 400-yr-old Kadi fortress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 400-year-old fortress in Kadi is one of the last relics of Gaekwadi rule's prime time in central Gujarat. However, after a portion of the fortress has been vandalized two months back, no agency has come forward to repair the damage. The citizens have now approached the civic authorities to stop the construction activities in and around the structure.According to residents, a group of people ascended one of the peripheries of the fortress near Teen Batti area in January and cut a portion with electric cutters in the night. After much contemplation, Dineshji Thakor, priest at the local Meldi mata temple housed in the fortress, lodged a complaint with local police for desecration.Working on the complaint, police arrested Farid Karim Mehta and Yasin Sikandar Pathan, both residents of Imamkuwa in Kadi and affiliated to a political party, and later released them after the duo got bailed out. According to the complaint, Mehta wanted to start construction in the vicinity and thus wanted an open space at the top. Currently, the court has issued a stay notice against the duo to resume any such activity in the future.While the local residents have approached the local mamlatdar, city survey agencies and other government bodies, they fear that the fortress will be damaged further by miscreants. \"It is one of the best preserved fortresses in central Gujarat and is a remembrance of the Gaekwadi rule where the rulers had constructed the fortress to house a garrison and shelter the citizens in time of attack. The fortress also houses an ancient temple and a school. We fear that when none are concerned about the heritage, the fortress' days are numbered. A number of encroachments have already come up in its vicinity,\" said Z A Shahzada , a social activist and lawyer from Kadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "12686964", "title": "Couple killed over 'sorcery'", "text": "KEONJHAR: Superstition reared its ugly head in Keonjhar district again with a tribal man murdering a midlle age couple for suspected sorcery.Police said the double murder came to light at Samantarapur village near Ghatagaon on Sunday. Though the exact reason behind the killings was not ascertained, police suspected that Sushil Birua (55) and Sushi Birua (50) were hacked to death by a neighbour, Matei Munda, who suspected the couple of practising witchcraft. Police sources said Sushil was a driver by profession. The accused has been absconding ever since the attack on Saturday night.Munda always suspected Sushil and Sushi were behind his family disturbances, said police. On Saturday Munda butchered them with an axe and fled the place.\"I fainted on seeing the accused attacking my parents. He had been threatening to kill my family members for a long time,\" the slain couple's daughter Santi Munda told media persons.On receiving the information, Ghatagaon police went to the spot and sent the bodies to Keonjhar hospital for post mortem on Sunday.Sub-inspector R Sabar said: \"Investigation is on and the accused is still at large.\"Odisha Rationalist Society (ORS), an organization promoting rational thinking, recently said witchcraft and sorcery had claimed 72 lives in the state in 2011. The figures include 17 murders in Mayurbhanj district followed by 14 in Keonjhar, eight in Sundargarh and six in Rayagada, among other districts.The ORS recently filed public interest litigation (PIL) in the Orissa High Court seeking setting up of special courts to try cases of superstition-related crimes and forming special investigation teams to probe such cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12684731", "title": "Several feared trapped under debris of collapsed factory building in Jalandhar", "text": "JALANDHAR: Dozens of workers are feared trapped under the debris of a factory building which collapsed here late on Sunday night in the Focal Point area. According to reports, 55 people have been rescued from the rubble so far.The factory, Sheetal Fabrics, is owned by prominent industrialist Sheetal Vij, who also heads the managing committee of Devi Talab Mandir in Jalandhar.Rescue operations are on in full swing. The district administration has pressed its various arms into service along with a team of doctors and ambulances.Senior civil and police officials are monitoring the rescue operations.A team of the National Disaster Rescue Force (NDRF) reached the accident site from Bhatinda on Monday morning and is assisting the local authorities along with personnel from ITBP and Punjab Police.The authorities fear casualties as parts of the factory building have flattened completely.There is suspense over the number of workers trapped under the debris as the owners have not yet given the number of people who were inside the factory when the mishap took place.According to officials sources and people in the surrounding area, a loud bang was heard from inside the factory at around 11.30pm on Sunday followed by screams. Some said that a blast was heard and then the factory collapsed. However, the real season for the collapse or the explosion have not yet been ascertained as yet.Construction work was also going on in the factory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687473", "title": "Anurag Kashyap's sister refuses his film?", "text": "Apparently Anubhuti Kashyap, who assisted Brother Anurag Kashyap on some films, wants to make it on her own.Not many would be aware that Anurag Kashyap and Abhinav Kashyap are not the only siblings. They also have a sister Anubhuti Kashyap who has been assisting Anurag Kashyap on films like Dev.D and now Gangs of Wasseypur .Buzz is that now Anubhuti will turn towards direction and make her own film. And before you assume that one of her brothers might be producing the film, think again. Apparently Anubhuti will be making her first film for some other producer.Not that her brother wasn't caring enough! Anurag, who she has assisted on some films, did offer his little sister to make a film for his production house. However if industry insiders are to be believed, the sister politely declined the offer. She did not want to carry forward the tag that she got a film because of her brother.Now in an industry where people desperately need the right connections to get a break, here is a girl who is self-respecting and strong enough to start on her own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12689303", "title": "City gets PCA academy", "text": "LUDHIANA: Cricket academy (non-residential) of Punjab Cricket Association (PCA) was inaugurated in city on Sunday.PCA has opened the academy for budding cricketers in the age group of 13 to 15 years.Officer-bearers of Ludhiana District Cricket Association (LDCA) also attended the inauguration function.LDCA had conducted trials of players for the academy last week. It has 20 players a?? Gurjot Singh, Jaskaran Singh, Harnoor Singh, Sumer Singh, Sourav, Varinder Pal, Jayash Jain, Dipin Chitkara, Shivang Puri, Rahul Khanna , Gurtej Singh, Rohit, Shivendu Goel, Manjot Singh, Simer Singh, Akash Agnihotri, Kunwar, Raghav Sharma and Mannan Jain.The general secretary of LDCA, Vinod Chitkara, said PCA has started such academies in six districts -- Amritsar, Jalandhar, Ludhiana, Patiala, Mohali and Chandigarh.\"PCA has appointed Satwinder Singh as coach of this academy. We hope the academies will give the nation the best players,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12683332", "title": "Record of sorts: CPS list outstrips cabinet", "text": "Chandigarh: The Bharatiya Janata Party might be an alliance partner in Punjab government, but the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal has taken no lessons from states ruled by it (BJP). Punjab is the only state in the country where the list of chief parliamentary secretaries (CPS) is longer than that of the Cabinet.The move is being seen as one to \"adjust\" as many as 68 BJP and SAD legislators. Out of these, 18 have already been accommodated as ministers and 21 as CPS. It is a record of sorts, even for %Punjab.Chief minister Parkash Singh Badal has stirred the hornets' nest with his announcement of swearing in of 21 CPS on April 10, up from 15 in the previous government. It has already done away with the post of parliamentary secretaries and now only has chief parliamentary secretaries.In the neighbouring state of Himachal Pradesh , which has BJP in the seat of government, CPS appointments have been quashed following a writ petition in the high court. In Gujarat, ruled by BJP strongman Narendra Modi and his 26-member Cabinet, there are just six parliamentary secretaries. Rajasthan, another BJP state, has a Cabinet of 12 ministers and no chief parliamentary secretaries, just 13 parliamentary secretaries. Haryana, which has a 12-member Cabinet, has 14 CPS.The issue has already turned controversial in Punjab with leader of opposition Sunil Jakhar saying, \"What is the point of raising almost a platoon-sized CPS when they are not going to do any concrete work? At a time of financial crunch, the government is splurging public money like this. Ironically, Badal had gone to the court against the Congress government precisely for having many CPS.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12681180", "title": "Osmania University beef festival sparks violence, 2 vehicles torched", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 'Beef Festival' triggered violent protests on the Osmania University campus on Sunday evening, resulting in injuries to five students and protesters setting two vehicles on fire.Akhil Bharathiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) activists tried to disrupt the festival, organised by Dalit student organisations and supported by Left groups, in front of Narmada Research Scholars (NRS) Hostel on the campus, but police foiled their attempt.The 'Beef Festival' was announced last month by the Telangana Student Association, Progressive Democratic Student Union and Student Federation of India along with student groups from English and Foreign Languages University (EFLU). In a similar incident last year, ABVP students had staged a protest on Eflu campus.At around 6.45 pm, even as the festival, where beef biryani was served to a group of over 200 supporters, was being wound up, about 50 student protesters shouting slogans tried to march towards the venue and started pelting stones. In the violence that continued till late in the night, two vehicles, including a media van, were torched by the angry protesters and five students of the organising committee suffered injuries.Dalit students groups of OU supported by some senior faculty and city-based academics had organised the festival to celebrate the Dalit food culture, which includes eating beef. The festival was attended by senior faculty and academics like S Simhadri, Gali Vinod Kumar, Bhangya Bhukya, P L Visweswara Rao, Gogu Shyamala and G Aloysius, who were caught up in the violence. Anticipating trouble, police and paramilitary forces were stationed on the campus from morning itself and all entry/exit points were sealed to prevent outsiders from entering it.Trouble started when ABVP activists marched from B Hostel to NRS demanding police arrest and remove the festival organisers. As the mob was stopped 30 metres from the venue, they started pelting stones. Though police could restrain the mob for about 30 minutes, the cordon was broken and several students started pelting stones at the NRS hostel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681439", "title": "Polling race: Backward colonies beat upscale cousins", "text": "NEW DELHI: A voter in economically backward Nand Nagri in east Delhi put it quite succinctly when she observed that politicians work the most for those who barely vote while those who put them in power are the most ignored.Syeda Begum couldn't have been more right. Rural Delhi and its most backward areas in north and east Delhi single handedly took the voter turnout to a respectable 55-60%. The contrast was also played up sharply between upscale colonies like Preet Vihar, Mayur Vihar, Defence Colony and Greater Kailash and their not-so-well-off counterparts like Seelampur, Bhajanpura, Mustafabad and Najafgarh.While most upscale colonies saw residents trickle in slowly through the day, the backward belts saw a heavy turnout from the time polling booths opened. By 9am, only an hour after voting started, many of these areas had seen brisk polling and by noon, many reported a turnout of 40-45%.At Najafgarh, which witnessed a multi-cornered fight between INLD's Kishen Pehalwan, the brother of local MLA Bharat Singh, Congress's Jai Kishan Sharma and Pankil Yadav of BJP, the polling percentage was 45% by 1pm. Elderly women dressed in colourful ghagras and shirts with their faces covered and men flaunting their equally colourful pagdis queued up to cast their votes with the youngsters. \"I have been voting for ages now. It's a way to support the local people who help us and oust those who don't,\" said 80-year-old Chandra Devi.At Jaffrabad, polling officials had to ask policemen to shoo away extra people from the polling booths as it was leading to traffic problems on the main roads. \"These areas always have a good turnout. We are confident of seeing more than 50% polling. In fact, it is getting hard to keep things in order as so many people have come at one go,\" said an official.In east Delhi's Lalita Park, which has seen a massive overgrowth of unauthorized buildings, most voters who turned up said they wanted to see a change in leadership as their present councillor had failed to improve the living conditions. \"The place is filthy and roads are narrow and unusable. We want to see some change now and hope the new councillor will take these matters up seriously,\" said first-time voter Pooja.In Nand Nagri, 50% of the total votes had been cast by 2.30pm. \"Most of these votes were cast during the morning hours and there was a slight lull around noon. However, the lines are starting to build up again and we hope to have a good final tally,\" said a poll official in the late afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681156", "title": "Bombay high court sees through builder\u2019s ploy to evict flat owners", "text": "MUMBAI: A builder's attempts to evict 17 dissenting flat owners in a redevelopment project in Versova came to naught when the HC realized that the remaining 142 members were yet to vacate their apartments. Declining to grant a plea by Sarthak Developers to appoint a court receiver and take forcible possession of the flats, Justice Anoop Mohta said such a request was 'uncalled for'. The judge, however, ordered the 17 society members not to alienate the flats by selling them or creating third party rights till the dispute is resolved.\"There is no case of irreparable injury, substantive loss, urgency or substantive harm, unless the flat owners vacate the flats for the project. Such selective action is not the solution. Everything should run simultaneously,'' said the judge. The HC reiterated that the resolution by the majority members of the society for redevelopment would be supreme.\"The members are bound by the majority members' decision/unchallenged resolutions,'' said Justice Mohta. \"The prayers only against the (dissenting members who are opposing redevelopment) without taking further steps , is unacceptable. Whosoever obstructs once the project is commenced, the builder or the society, may apply for urgent relief, but not in such piecemeal manner.''Bank of India Amrut Tara staff housing society was constructed in the 1980s. The society in 2007 decided to go for redevelopment and in 2008 appointed Sarthak Developers to undertake the project. The builder claimed he had already incurred huge costs on the project-it paid Rs 3 crore to the original developer for conveyance, Rs 75 lakh to the 142 members as part payment of the hardship compensation, and over Rs 27 lakh for permissions, stamp duty and registration.The court noted that not a single member has vacated his flat yet. The court has given the builder the liberty to approach the arbitral tribunal, and allowed the dissenting members to settle the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12689218", "title": "Dhanush looks for new talent", "text": "Dhanush has called for fresh talents looking to make it big in the film industry.The National award winner has announced that actors, actresses, music directors or individuals possessing any particular talent wanting to make it big in the film industry can get in touch with his production house Wunderbar Films. The star wants a bio-data to be sent in and promises to help the deserving with immense talents.He has also requested for new stories and short films to be sent in DVD or bound script formats to his production house. So what are you waiting for if all that you wanted was a big break to strike it big in the film industry!Source: www.cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12682596", "title": "Garia housing residents choose protest path", "text": "KOLKATA: Hundreds of residents of the New Garia cooperative housing society took out a silent protest rally on Sunday evening with the demand that politics be left out of the complex and to let peace return.The housing complex has been in the news over the past two days after residents Ambikesh Mahapatra and Subrata Sengupta were assaulted by alleged Trinamool Congress cadres before being arrested for e-mailing an 'objectionable joke'. On Sunday morning, every family received a letter in their mailbox, apprising them of the events of the last two days and requesting them to join a rally to protest the \"attack on the housing complex by outsiders\".At 5pm sharp, several hundred residents, including children, turned up at the temple inside the complex armed with placards protesting the brutal assault on Mahapatra and Sengupta and demanding that politics be shown the door at their complex.The letter, written by the chairman of the society Nepal Shankar Chowdhury, read: \"Our board has no political leanings, neither is it associated with any political party. It has never been so and will never be so. Some people may believe in political muscle-flexing, but we don't aspire for it... Residents may believe in a certain political ideology, but the board has to be kept out of it.\"Chowdhury also wrote: \"Some people are questioning whether the incident has something to do with the forthcoming election (of the society). Maybe yes. But if it is true, the coming days are going to be dangerous.\" To drive home the point, Chowdhury said: \"We believe we have to work will all. If some resident here is assaulted, it may make someone happy, but we still want them to work with us.\"The quiet housing complex, which started in 1976 and was later registered into cooperative society, suddenly finds itself in the eye of a storm, forcing the residents - mostly elderly people - to do something they have never done before. But then, they have never faced a similar situation before. That could be because times have changed and so have property prices. A three-cottah plot here that cost a meagre Rs 16,000 in 1976 attracts a price of Rs 30 lakh now. It is bound to go up even further with a Metro station and a sprawling condominium coming up close by.The housing society will hold its annual general meeting on May 20, with the election of nine directors on the board topping the agenda. \"This incident, we suspect, can be related to the impending election. Ever since we were elected to the board, the unpaid bills of suppliers have been an issue. These were incurred during the tenure of the previous board,\" said secretary Subrata Sengupta.Santanu Bose, under whose tenure the society incurred these bills, is ill. It is alleged that Bose - perceived to be close to the Trinamool - is hoping to bag the board with his supporters. His son Saurav said: \"It's true that bills are pending, but it has been so for quite some time. But such a thing has never happened. It was wrong to give the incident a political connotation.\"The state government had appointed an administrator from June 2005 to June 2009 following allegations of misappropriation of funds, illegal land deals and other charges against the then board headed by Bose. He was earlier perceived to be close to a former CPM minister. It was allegedly under this minister's patronage that the cooperative could acquire some vested land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682412", "title": "Another storm likely to hit city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Yet another destructive storm may hit the city in the coming week and this one could be worse than the one that struck on April 9, predicts the Chandigarh meteorological department. The storm that had hit the city last week had left a trail of destruction, felling trees and uprooting electricity poles.Last week, it rained for five out of seven days accompanied with thunder and dust storms. The worst storm of the week came on the night of April 11, with a wind velocity of 115km per hour and the rain that accompanied it measured 32mm.That night the thunderstorm hit the city at nearly 9pm and caused a lot of destruction. It also uprooted trees in the cricket stadium in Mohali, while bringing down electricity poles in nearby villages. Almost the entire city was shrouded in darkness the entire night as the power supply was cut due to faults caused in supply lines by falling trees and uprooted poles.The temperature came down by nearly three degrees in the last one week, because of the rain, making late evenings and early mornings colder due to the chill in the wind.Met director Surinder Pal said, \"The coming week would see rough weather with drizzling and even hailstones. The western disturbances are indicating another destructive storm for the city after Tuesday. However, on Monday the sky would be comparatively clear.\"A bright and sunny Sunday however had convinced residents that the rainy conditions were over.Neelesh Rana, a resident of Sector 5 Panchkula said, \"We had thought of going for the Mitti Ke Rang festival organized by the zonal cultural center in the evening but because of the rain we had to postpone the plan to Sunday. Earlier, we were thinking of avoiding Sunday due to the heavy rush.\"Vibha Sharma, a resident of Sector 11 said, \"Last week, with all the rain and storm, was more of a monsoon week rather than a spring-summer one. I hope the coming week remains dry, as rains tend to confine you indoors.\"Garima Saini, a resident of Sector 34 said, \"The winds have become cold again.But it is high time that the rains stopped. The cloud cover is welcome during the day but not the rain and dust storm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12689319", "title": "GV Prakash to team up with Karthi and M Rajesh", "text": "All in All Azhaguraja is ready to start rolling now that director M Rajesh has seen the release of Oru Kal Oru Kannadi.The director will once again deal with a comedy subject with All in All Azhaguraja which will have Karthi helming the affairs as the hero. Santhanam, who has been the comedian in all of Rajesh's films thus far, will also get an important role in this film.The latest buzz is that M Rajesh is planning on signing up GV Prakash to score the music for All in All Azhaguraja. The director had worked with Yuvan Shankar Raja and Harris Jayaraj in the past but wants to try out someone new for All in All Azhaguraja.Source: www.cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12682541", "title": "Take literature to people via stage", "text": "Theatre as Literary festival? Some people arched their eyebrows on hearing about Kohe Birangana from Dhaka or Sohini and Rudraprasad Sengupta reading Rabindranath in the India-Bangladesh Maitree Bandhan series initiated by TOI. So had I, years ago, when Naseeruddin Shah had read Premchand's Bade Bhaiyya in SNA's theatre festival. \"This is no theatre,\" I'd thought to myself. \"Where's the physicality that's central to theatre?\"However, the subsequent years have made me revise my views. I was totally converted when I saw Goutam Haldar's Bordada, which relied on vocal delivery of the text despite the use of a video projection on a backdrop screen. I realised that if action, blocking, body language are all substances that make for scintillating theatre, so is voice modulation. Both tug at our emotions - voice throw a tad more so, in all likelihood. That explains why drama is more popular than mime. That also accounts for the robust tradition of Sruti Natak which was an integral part of radio in our growing up years.The centrality of literature to theatre cannot be over emphasized. Can we think of English Literature without Shakespeare? The Bard of Avon lives more often because of Hamlet, Macbeth, Lear than for recitation of sonnets, even about \"the marriage of true minds.\" The converse holds true for Tagore, though India too has known Kalidas through Shakuntalam. And our epics? Why, Ramayan and Mahabharat have also lived through centuries, and from Rajasthan to Manipur and the Himalayas to the Ocean, through Ram Lila, Jatra, Pandavani, Yakshagana, Kathakali...Come to think of it, ours has been primarily an oral tradition. Now, perhaps it is time to go back to the theatre to provide sustenance to our literature. For, today, television has taken away our reading hours. Our children no longer bring home story books from school libraries - text books are all they have time for. Internet feeds them with more information than the pundits can, but what about emotion? Reflection? Realisation?And then, theatre helps to cut through language barriers. When Shuvasis Sinha stages Michael Madhusudan Dutt's Birangana Kabya, the heart wrenching emotions of the lamenting ladies Duhshala, Draupadi or Jona are communicated through voice modulation and physical drama. And when Kaushik Sen stages Samudrer Mouna, as translated from the French original by Bishnu Dey, again the actions gain from the cadences of the poet's words. So in the end the practice benefits both streams of the arts.We therefore look forward to hearing Sohini and Rudraprasad Sengupta. Will they read or recite? Let's say they'll perform a bouquet titled 'Amar Priya Rabindranath'. Equally we wait to hear writers Namita Gokhale, Syed Manzoorul Islam and Anisul Hoque read from their writings. They will provide us with an insight into the minds of two peoples who share their history, their emotions, their practices. So will Sunil Gangopadhyay and Asaduzzaman Noor when they recite their poems.Cold print in black and white will come to life in multifarious tones and mellifluous pitches. Do we still need to worry whether it is literature or theatre?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12686837", "title": "Case against Nirmal Baba disciples", "text": "LUDHIANA: A case has been registered against five disciples of self-styled godman Nirmal Baba for allegedly withdrawing Rs 1.7 crore from the Baba's account through a forged cheque, police said here on Sunday.Acting on a complaint by the manager of a local branch of Punjab National Bank , the case has been registered against local trader Inderjit Singh Anand, his wife Poonam, their sons Ajay Anand and Harish Anand and a family friend, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12473989", "title": "Miss India World 2012: Vanya Mishra wins the title", "text": "The winners of the Pantaloons Femina Miss India (PFMI) 2012 pageant were declared at a star-studded event at Bhavans Ground, Andheri on Friday evening .The winners are Vanya Mishra (Pantaloons Femina Miss India World 2012), Prachi Mishra (Pantaloons Femina Miss India Earth 2012), Rochelle Maria Rao (Pantaloons Femina Miss India International 2012).Chandigarh girl, Vanya Mishra who got a direct entry in the final 20 after winning Dabur Gulabari Miss Rose Glow 2011 contest is finally PFMI'12 Miss World. In answer to the final question, 'If you have an option, will you create thousand jobs or feed thousand children daily?' Vanya said, \"Little children are innocent and anybody's heart will melt. I will also try to give them education so that they can feed themselves and their family too.The PFMI 2012 winners were crowned by Pantaloons Femina Miss India World 2011 Kanistha Dhankhar, Pantaloons Femina Miss India Earth 2011 Hasleen Kaur, Pantaloons Femina Miss India International 2011 Ankita Shorey. Mr Kamal Basu, Head Marketing Skoda Auto India Private Limited, gave away car keys as part of grand prize to the three finalists.Sub Contest WinnersName of the Title Winner Veet Femina Miss Beautiful Legs 2012 Farah Hussian Pantaloons Femina Miss Fresh Face 2012 Erica Fernandez Pantaloons Femina Miss Fashionista 2012 Sneha Upadhyay Femina Miss Beautiful Smile 2012 Sana Khan Femina Miss Beautiful Lips 2012 Sonam Pachey Streax Femina Miss Stylish Hair 2012 Sonam Pachey Courtyard Marriot Mumbai Miss Congeniality 2012 Prachi Mishra VLCC Femina Miss Body Beautiful 2012 Rochelle Maria Rao Gitanjali Femina Miss Glamourous Diva 2012 Rochello Maria Rao Diet Mantra Femina Miss Active 2012 Shamata Anchan Femina Miss Divine Thoughts 2012 Farah Hussian Lavie Femina Miss Globe Trotter 2012 Aasttha Ssidhana Sanofi Pasteur Femina Miss Beauty for Health 2012 Farah Hussian Enhance Femina Miss Ravishing 2012 Ipsita Pati Portico Femina Miss Dream Girl 2012 Purva Rana Maybelline Femina Miss Colossal Eyes 2012 Vanya Mishra Lavase Femina Vivacious 2012 Ipsita Pati Dabur Gulabari Femina Miss Glowing Skin 2012 Vanya Mishra Bharati Vidyapeeth Femina Miss Photogenic 2012 Vanya Mishra Liberty Femina Miss Ramp Model Rochelle Maria RaoInterviews:I had my share of anxiety and fear: Vanya MishraThe journey that began two years ago, turned into a dream come true for 19-year-old Vanya Mishra when she was crowned Femina Miss India World 2012 at Bhavans Ground, Mumbai on 30 March 2012. She got a direct entry to the finale after winning Dabur Gulabari Miss Rose Glow 2011 contest, and was finally crowned PFMI'12 Miss World. She is definitely enjoying her time as the new Miss India World. In an exclusive tete-a-tete Vanya opens up about her life, dreams and conquering her fears.\"The feeling that I've won the crown has still not sunk in, as the crown comes with a lot of joy and responsibilities too. Life has suddenly become so busy. But I am enjoying every moment of it.\"Though she was extremely confident, Vanya admits to have had her moments of anxiety and panic. \"I always thought people around me are much more experienced as I am just 19, so I should just wait and come back later. But I always had a positive feeling which finally paid off,\" she exclaims days later as she takes out time from a flurry of interviews and posing for the shutterbugs.Vanya feels her life has completely changed after the win. \"I can feel the power and the popularity that has come with the title. I am enjoying the sudden attention that is being showered upon me,\" she exclaims.Though her childhood dream has been realised and the prestigious title is now hers, she still believes there is a lot more to achieve. While she is now readying herself for international pageant in a bid to bring home the coveted Miss World title, she still wants to complete her education. With a hectic schedule ahead of her, Vanya feels she really needs to strategise and plan ahead, and adds with a humorous touch, \"It's not bad to be educated.\"Talking about her favourites in Bollywood whom she would like to romance onscreen, the pretty woman says, \"I would love to be cast opposite Ranbir Kapoor some day.\" When probed further, Vanya admits to already feeling the pressure to bring home the Miss World title. But for now, she is extremely excited about the grand welcome that she is all set to receive in her home town Chandigarh. \"They just want to know when I am coming back to Chandigarh. Days are busy, but I am not complaining,\" she signs off.-Swati BhattacharyyaPFMI was a big risk for me: Prachi MishraAnd it paid off for Allahabad girl Prachi Mishra, Pantaloons Femina Miss India Earth 2012. At the same time, Prachi says there are mountains left to conquer, still.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12686514", "title": "Omar Abdullah for decreasing footprints of security forces in J&K;", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stressing on \"progressively\" decreasing the footprints of security forces in Jammu and Kashmir, chief minister Omar Abdullah on Monday said conciliation and dialogue will always remain the best medium for seeking a solution to all contentious issues.Omar spoke on a variety of issues at the chief ministers' conference here, including Indo-Pak relations vis-a-vis Kashmir, withdrawal of Armed Forces Special Powers Act and removal of 24 bunkers from Srinagar city in coming months.He also sought a telephone connection between Jammu and Kashmir and Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir for strengthening the trade between the two sides.In his speech, Omar said after three continuous summers of discontent, the state saw a peaceful 2011, which to a great extent, erased the painful memories of two decades of turbulence and unfolded the promise of a new beginning.\"I am hopeful that peace dividends achieved in the year 2011 will continue to percolate to the people, and usher in a new era of peace and development in the state,\" he said.About the policies of the National Conference-Congress government, he said \"it has been our firm belief that agitations and confrontations are no means to resolve the issues involving contrary positions. Conciliation and dialogue has, and will always remain, the best medium of seeking solution to all the contentious issues\".Welcoming the recent talks between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari , he said \"the state has been emphasising on the need for initiating the dialogue process and has welcomed the initiatives taken by the Central Government in this behalf.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683635", "title": "Skill power", "text": "Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (GGSIPU) is introducing three new regular courses - MTech in food processing technology, PG Diploma in radiological physics and PG Diploma in educational management - from this academic year.All three programmes are being introduced in view of the increasing demand in these fields. The MTech programme has been launched, keeping in mind the growing demand for skilled and technologically equipped manpower in the sector.\"Entry of big brands in the food retail market has increased the momentum of growth in the fruit and vegetable processing sector. The course aims to provide insight into the recent technology relevant to the current food processing sector. It deals in-depth with the nutraceuticals , health and diet foods. The course deals with how to design a product in labs to its market launch in various sectors of food processing ,\" says RK Gupta, faculty, School of Biotechnology.Students with a BE, BTech, MS and MSc background will be eligible for the course. As to job prospects, he informs, students can go in for food processing sectors, nutraceutical industries , regulatory bodies, food standards and analysis companies. Also, they can look for a career in food research institutes in India and abroad.As for the second course on offer, Avinash Sharma, faculty, School of Sciences, says that till now, radiological physics as a discipline, was offered only at the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC), Mumbai. Now, the university will be offering a PG Diploma in the subject on the same pattern as taught at BARC.Sharma adds, \"Students can opt for jobs like radiation safety officers in research institutes, in health care centres, specialty hospitals, cancer research institutes, etc. The university has already tied up with a few hospitals for handson-training as well as for future placements.\"Students from MSc in physics, biophysics with mathematics, as a must at the UG level, will be eligible for the course.The third course, PG diploma in educational management, is designed to cater to the needs of leadership in the education sector. \"The course deals with creating leaders in the field of education,\" says Saroj Sharma, faculty, School of Education.She adds, students after completing the course, can make careers in policy-planning , work in NGOs and government agencies.As for eligibility, graduates from any discipline with 50% aggregate marks can apply for the course.Apart from this, the university is also going to start a new centre for study and propagation of human values.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683733", "title": "Volunteer travel", "text": "Be it business or pleasure, people travel for various reasons. In a new trend, people going on a holiday are increasingly opting for volunteer travel, which is about adding volunteer work while on a holiday, as a value addition.\"The reason why volunteer travel is catching on fast is because people are not just looking to do something , but they are also looking for ways to give back to the society,\" says Kalpana Bedi, product manager , TUI India, a travel leisure group.Under volunteer tourism, people can choose to go for either shortterm or long-term travel ranging from two weeks to a month, with a combination of only volunteer work or volunteer work added to the regular travel schedule.\"Travel companies are looking for ways to provide options to travellers , like either volunteering in India, say at an orphanage in Goa, in the boats and elephant communities of Kerala, etc, or abroad, in temple tours of Cambodia or to raising lions and tigers in Johannesburg . These travel packages are mostly short-term but can also be extended,\" she says.Bedi points out that volunteer travel is basically undertaken by three segments of people - school and college students, kitty party groups and retired people.Ishita Khanna, a social entrepreneur with Ecosphere, which provides short-term and long-term volunteer travel to people in the Spiti Valley in the Himalayas, says that travellers make the most of the experience by getting a hands-on experience in the local community.\"The Spiti Valley, though very cold, gets sunshine. Tourists can help in activities such as building greenhouses, solar baths, etc, under specific projects for short-term stays. For longer stays, we find out skills that people possess and try to link them with the skills required for the volunteer work,\" she says.Shivya Nath, who went on volunteer travel for a month to the Spiti Valley while on a sabbatical from work last year, describes it as a experience. \"Since I was the only one who could speak Hindi , my work there was to visit monasteries and nunneries, find out their daily schedule and if they were open to people staying with them. I had to travel to remote places in the valley and I would either take rides from locals , take the local bus or hitchhike , which would take me a few hours to reach my destination. Initially , I had apprehensions about my safety, but when I saw people going out of their way to help me, I knew it was safe,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12687688", "title": "Residents form club to spend good times together", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents of Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar have joined forces and formed a club to enjoy good times together and channelize their energies towards constructive activities.Bobby Prabhakar, 42, who is working in a dying industry, said they have formed 'Frienda's Club'. \"We set up the club as we wanted a platform or an organization where we could enjoy ourselves along with our families,'' he smiled.Amit Sharma, 36, a businessman who has been nominated as the organizing secretary of the club, said only the area residents were its members and it was important that they participated in all activities along with their families.Aseem Kumar Joshi, 35, an accounts manager in a pharmaceutical company, said, \"Our first activity was a medical camp organized in the community centre on Saturday. More than 200 people attended it. Many tests were conducted for free by a team of doctors who were invited from the civil surgeon office.\"Doctor Avinash Jindal, 48, president of the club, said, \"We will hold a slew of activities. A tree plantation drive and a badminton championship are on the cards.\"Vinay Bansal, 41, who is an iron and steel trader, expressed his happiness over the formation of the club and said, \"Now, my family and I can go together to the club to spend some good time together.\"Ashok Sharma, 64, an engineer, K G Sharma, 46, Rajesh Gupta, 48, Rajpal Bindra, 52, Sushil Wadhwa, 35, and Vikas Sharma, 42 and all other businessmen also attended the club function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12688508", "title": "Masala Cafe renamed 'Kalakalappu'", "text": "Masala Cafe is now called Kalakalappu!The film stars Vimal, Shiva, Santhanam, Anjali, Oviya, Ilavarasu, Panju Subbu, John Vijay, George, Balaji Mohan, Thalapathi Dinesh and yesteryear's popular actor V.S. Raghavan in special appearance.The film has music by Vijay Ebenezer, lyrics by Pa. Vijay and Cinematography by U.K. Senthilkumar.Kalakalappu  as the title reflects, is a fun film involving the current comedy entertainers Vimal, Shiva, Santhanam, Anjali, Oviya and Ilavarasu and the audience can look forward to non-stop entertainment at the theatres this summer.The film is currently under post production and the music release is scheduled for 20 April 2012. The film will hit the screens in May 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12682608", "title": "Bengal professor's 'offending' picture goes viral", "text": "KOLKATA: The 'Sonar Kella' joke that landed Ambikesh Mahapatra in the lock-up has gone viral on the Net with Facebookers sharing, posting and re-posting the picture with a vengeance. And while netizens minced no words while expressing their outrage, there's nothing the vindictive Bengal government or 'hurt' Trinamool cadres can do about it. There are simply too many of them.The common threads in all the comments on Facebook and Twitter were condemnation of the attack on and arrest of the Jadavpur University professor, brutal mockery of the Trinamool Congress chief's \"dictatorial\" attitude and her \"intolerance\" and severe criticism of this \"attack on democratic rights\".The 'offending' picture on Shan Saha's Facebook Wall comes with a mock warning: \"Uni Hirak Rani, deben amader ei pic share korar jonno thengani\" (she's the queen of Hirak and will spank us for sharing this picture) - an obvious takeoff on Satyajit Ray's 'Hirak Rajar Deshe'.Many posted news reports of Mahapatra's arrest and asked in disbelief, \"Is this an April fool joke or what?\" The anger and sarcasm was evident in posts like: \"Shubho noboborsho Ambikesh Mahapatra\".Netizens like Shamik Bag said going to prison for sharing the picture would be \"more edifying than the company of goons who are roaming free\". Many recalled the anarchy spread by political goons during the turbulent 1970s and warned Bengal against sliding back to those dark ages.\"This is the first sign of an insecure and embattled government trying to stifle criticism and letting loose its goons on dissenters and critics,\" posted Dwijen Banerjee, an elderly person, on his Facebook Wall. Rajesh Jha from Nagpur wrote that Bengal seemed to be headed for the infamous Bihar of the past.Several other 'offending' cartoons have cropped up, including one that shows the Bengal chief minister with a Hitler-like moustache. Another showed Satyajit Ray asking Mamata whether it had been wrong to name the character in his film Mukul.Hundreds of jokes are doing the rounds on social networking sites about the chief minister and the administration. If those who posted some of these live outside Bengal, there were jokes about how they could be arrested when they land in Kolkata next.It wasn't only Facebookers and the Twitterati who exploded in anger. News portals saw equally angry reactions. What infuriated them was not merely the arrest, but the manner in which Trinamool cadres attacked the professor and manhandled him before the law-keepers stepped in.\"You cannot prove the harsh charges against him. Sharing cartoons is a democratic freedom guaranteed by the Constitution. The Mamata government has taken a very wrong step,\" wrote Sudhir Tailang, a leading cartoonist, on a portal. Close on his heels, K Kameshwar Iyer wrote: \"Mamata should be ignored. Once she gets cut off from the local media, she cannot go about doing whatever she likes. She does not deserve such attention. Once again, she has proved she is merely a street fighter\".Pawan Duggal, an eminent cyber law expert in the country, also wondered whether the act of merely forwarding a cartoon strip called for slapping Section 66 of the IT Act, 2000. While a defamation suit should be filed by the aggrieved victim himself, police should ideally consult legal experts before slapping the IT Act, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681620", "title": "Public figures write to PM on arrest of Kolkata scientist", "text": "NEW DELHI: The high-handedness of the Trinamool government in West Bengal has now raised international concern. This time it's the arrest of Partho Sarothi Ray, a molecular biologist of international repute. National Advisory Council member Aruna Roy and renowned intellectual Noam Chomsky and more than four dozen other prominent scientists and public figures from across India and other countries have written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to get the academician released after he was arrested along with 68 others including several women and a 9-year-old girl on April 8. Of those arrested, 7 people including Ray have been detained in police custody for several days, and now six of them are in judicial custody and one in CID custody.In their letter, the scientists and academics noted, \"You might be aware that, recently the government of West Bengal has undertaken a massive eviction drive of slum dwellers with police force without any rehabilitation measures. As a natural protest against this unjustified police action, there were peaceful demonstrations by concerned citizens, for which prior permissions were arranged to the local police. In spite of this, Kolkata police used force and unjustified means to crack down on the demonstrators. It was while participating in a peaceful protest against the eviction of slum dwellers of Nonadanga area of East Kolkata, Ray was arrested.\"Demanding immediate help to the doctor, they said, \"In order to justify its high-handedness, the police slapped many dubious cases against Ray and others, such as Section 353 (assault on public servant), Section 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to public servant), Section 141 (unlawful assembly), Section 143 (punishment), Section 149 (common objective of disruption) of the IPC. The relation of these charges with the events (or lack thereof) of either 4th or peaceful demonstrations of 8th April has not been made clear at all. We are extremely concerned of the treatment meted out to Ray and others.\"They added, \"Incidentally, the excess of police has clearly not ended. On April 12, human rights activists were attacked and later arrested at a demonstration against the illegal evictions and the detention of Ray and others.\"Ray is a faculty member of the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682263", "title": "Cash-hit Rajasthan University spent Rs 1.09 crore unnecessarily: Comptroller and Auditor General", "text": "JAIPUR: At a time when Rajasthan University (RU) is struggling to meet its annual expenses for years, the CAG report said the university had spent Rs 1.09 crore extra on electricity bills during November 2010 and March 2011.According to CAG report, RU has failed to ensure the correctness of electricity bills, resulting in payment of 'electricity duty' amounting to Rs 1.09 crore which was avoidable.The Para 3 (2) of the Rajasthan Electricity Act provides that electricity duty shall not be levied on the energy consumed by recognized educational institutions subject to the condition that its is not applicable to energy consumed in buildings or part of buildings.RU being a recognized institute was not liable to pay the duty. Records have it that Jaipur Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited has been charging electricity on the bills of such buildings of RU that are being used for academic purpose. \"The RU had paid Rs 1.09 crore on account of ED,\" the CAG report said.The ignorance is not alone costing RU but also the university's constituent colleges -Commerce College and Poddar Management Institute. The report said that both these colleges have also paid electricity duty.Another CAG report highlighted the incompetence of the College Education Department due to which funds allocated for constructing hostels lapsed. The UGC had given a grant of Rs 16.24 crore during year 2005-2008 for construction of 24 hostels for women by government colleges.On the basis of information collected till June 2011, the CAG report revealed that only six hostels buildings were being utilized by government colleges. Five hostels buildings were completed and handed over during March 2009 and March 2011 after incurring an expenditure of Rs 2.84 crore. \"These buildings were lying vacant for six months to two years,\" the report said.Another seven hostel buildings were completed after incurring an expenditure of Rs 3.96 crores were kept from being utilized for want of required physical verification by the director CDC of the respective universities.The construction work of a hostel building was withdrawn in December 2009 after incurring an expenditure Rs 2.70 lakh due to an objection from archaeology and survey department. It was found that college administrations had not fulfilled the required formalities before finalizing the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12682153", "title": "Mehrangarh Museum Trust bags international award", "text": "JODHPUR: Mehrangarh Museum Trust has been conferred the prestigious International award Fassa Bortolo Domus Restoration and Preservation Award for the restoration and preservation of Ahichhattragarh Fort of Nagaur. The award, jointly conceived and promoted by Fassa S.P.A., owners of the Fassa Bortolo brand, and Ferrara University, Italy, was given to the director of the trust Karni Singh Jasol and conservation architect Meenakshi Jain in a recently held award ceremony at Ferrara, Italy.Jasol said the award is given annually to reward and promote the architectural restoration works that have managed to interpret the preservation principles shared by the scientific community through the use of contemporary forms of expression in the best possible manner. The trust and University of Ferrara, Italy, has signed an agreement on future collaboration on restoration and conservation of heritage.Ahichhattragarh Fort has recently been restored with a view to develop it as a \"Scholar's Retreat\", under which 10 houses of queens have been restored in a manner that they reflect the traditions, architecture and practices of their times. \"Nagaur scholar's retreat is a unique concept developed by the trust. The concept was to adapt 10 dilapidated havelis in the fort of Nagaur and restore them immaculately into comfortable places for scholars, art historians and public at large,\" Jasol said.He further said the concept is also part of sustainable development of Nagaur Fort. \"Earnings from scholar's retreat will support the conservation and restoration of Nagaur Fort,\" he added.The fort has also been witness to the Nagaur Sufi Festival, which has now obtained the status of \"World Sufi Spirit Festival\".Besides this, the trust is also looking forward to develop the Nagaur Fort as an International Centre for Wall-Painting Conservation. Efforts are being made to not only conserve wall paintings as old as 17th century but to invite students and experts from across the globe and strike new partnerships to learn and undertake the conservation of wall paintings. \"We are mulling association with IIT-Jodhpur for setting up a laboratory in Nagaur to address various aspects of conservation,\" Jasol added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12681873", "title": "Trial over in Dipda Darwaja case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special court hearing the post-Godhra riots case of Dipda Darwaja massacre has completed the trial and kept a formal proceeding on Monday, when all accused have been asked to remain present. The court may declare the date of judgment on Monday, said a lawyer involved in the proceeding.This is one of the nine riots cases that are being probed by the Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team (SIT). Designated judge S C Srivastava conducted the trial in this case, wherein 11 persons were killed in Chudiwas of Dipda Darwaja in Visnagar town of north Gujarat on February 28, 2002.In all, 85 persons have been tried in this case. The Gujarat police had arrested 50 persons, but after the probe was assigned to the SIT in 2008, it arrested 33 persons including former investigator, PI M K Patel. Former BJP MLA Prahlad Gosa and local leader Dahyabhai Patel were arraigned in this case by the court on the basis of eyewitnesses' testimony. The court had to make them accused in this case after the SIT did not take action despite repeated representations made by the witnesses.In this case, 127 witnesses have been examined and eight of them are eyewitnesses. The SIT appointed senior lawyer P R Agrawal as special prosecutor. At the fag end of the trial, when the final arguments were to get over, the SIT replaced advocate Agrawal with senior advocate Mukesh Brahmbhatt as special prosecutor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12681963", "title": "Web-based businesses are a hit in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Last two years have seen businesses, both large and small, go through some tough times. A downbeat economy and what is now being seen as a lingering slowdown have affected growth across the board, driving many small-scale firms straight to the wall. But away from this scrapheap is a newly emerging sector, which has followed a counter-intuitive growth curve all this time, registering unprecedented growth levels and making heavy profits at a time when merely breaking-even is considered lucky. This is the web-based services sector, and it is making its presence felt with each passing quarter in Gurgaon, a city, according to analysts, most suited to such a business model.These easily maintained, low-on-cost and high-on-efficiency portals offer everything from basic home maintenance services for individuals to document management and B2B directory services for small-businesses. And the bosses say that the orders don't stop pouring in.Shaifali Agarwal is the CEO of the home maintenance services portal, easyfix.in. The website delivers doorstep services of a 'plumber, electrician, or a carpenter,' to their domestic clientele in Gurgaon, which has risen by 30-35% ever since the portal's launch last year. \"In the last two months we have gone from a staff of 30 people to 260 who are now working in our offices,\" said Agarwal. Her website gets close to 50 orders a day, a figure that is steadily climbing.\"We have a presence all over the NCR, and Gurgaon is really giving us a fabulous response. There is a lot of demand here for online services, and the supply is quite low still,\" added Agarwal This profitable space is waiting to be tapped, and is becoming a viable business model, attracting entrepreneurs from across the world.Rajesh Nagpal is the managing director of the portal serviceuncle.com.au, which started in Australia, and expanded its operations to the urban markets in India just four months ago. \"The response here has been quite positive. Mainly from markets like Gurgaon where demand for web-based services is on the rise,\" he told TOI over the phone from Dubai, the next destination for his business.Web-based businesses work on one level because they provide ease-of-access and convenience to the consumers. On the other hand, such models prove a viable investment and a low-risk enterprise for the business end of the scale. \"In the future more businesses are likely to move to the web. There is no recurring investment, and you can attract many new clients each day,\" said Nagpal.The distinction Nagpal makes is between online and \"physical\" businesses. And today, the online model is becoming the preferred way for firms selling goods and services. Sunil Mahajan is the CEO and co-founder of kleeto.in, a website, operated from Gurgaon, that offers document digitization and management services.\"I think, internet-based services model has a higher potential in a city like Gurgaon,\" he said. Mahajan's portal was launched in January 2011, and has received over 14,000 subscriptions just over a year, more than 50% of these from Gurgaon.\"The response has been phenomenal. The success rate of such businesses will rise as internet penetration in our cities goes up. I am sure that the next five years will be very profitable for such businesses,\" said Mahajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "12686414", "title": "CM urges Centre to allot land in Delhi for Ambedkar memorial", "text": "MHOW: Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan appealed to the Prime Minister to allot the land at Parinirvan Bhumi in New Delhi to MP government to allow it to construct a grand memorial in memory of Dr B R Ambedkar, the father of Indian constitution.Construction of a grand memorial over there is being delayed due to non-cooperation by the Union Government since the land is under its possession, he alleged.Singh was addressing the Ambedkar Mahakumbh and National Unity and Social Harmony Convention after paying rich tributes to Dr Ambedkar at his birth place in Mhow on Saturday.Chouhan appealed to the Prime Minister to allot this land to MP government. He said that the State Government has constructed a grand memorial of Dr Ambedkar at Mhow and this year, a giant bronze statue of Dr. Ambedkar will also be erected here.The government is running several schemes for the welfare and development of weaker and poor sections of society.Chouhan announced free of cost coaching to scheduled caste youths for UPSC exams. In the first phase two students will be selected from each district of the state. Later, the number will be increased.The Chief Minister said that devotees coming to Mahakumbh will get all facilities.Bhante Sanghsheel threw light on the personality and works of Dr Ambedkar and lavished praise on Chouhan for making elaborate arrangements of Ambedkar Mahakumbh at Mhow.Minister of State for Scheduled Castes Welfare Shri Harishankar Khatik said that one can brighten his life by following the foot steps of Baba Saheb.Member of Parliament Sumitra Mahajan also spoke on the occasion and briefed about the various welfare schemes being run by the government.State Scheduled Castes Development Corporation Chairman and National President of Dr Ambedkar Parinirvan Bhumi Samman Samiti Indresh Gajbhiye demanded that the Union Government should start construction of a memorial on Parinirvan Bhumi by May 30.At the outset, when Chief Minister Shri Chouhan saw preparations being made for welcoming guests, he climbed up the dais and said that we are ourselves hosts and there is no need to welcome us.On the occasion, 21 government departments had put up an exhibition for dissemination of information to the visiting devotees.SC, ST Welfare Minister Kunwar Vijay Shah, Zila Panchayat president Om Parsawadia, MLAs Ramesh Mendola, Jitu Jirati, Mhow Cantonment Board Deputy Chairman Kailash Pandey, Khandwa Mayor Bhavna Shah, Rita Upmanyu, Kavita Patidar were among those present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686678", "title": "Prajna centre to celebrate silver jubilee", "text": "Prajna Counselling Centre, which was started by three women professors, completed 25 years of rendering yeomen service to help the poor, women in distress, children, physically challenged, drug addicts, HIV infected, slum dwellers and those who are economically backward in the region.The centre will celebrate its silver jubilee on April 17 at Milagres Jubilee Hall here. Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda will be the guestThe centre was successful in rehabilitating hundreds of poor families and empowering women in the past two-and-a-half decades. Several schemes of the state government, central government, national and foreign institutions were implemented by the centre successfully.The centre started the therapeutic counseling service for psychic patients, drug addicts and the aged in 1987.It has a history of offering free counselling for 9,843 people since its inception.The centre was honoured with 'vishesha manyatha prashasti' by Sandesha Prathishtana in 1997. Meanwhile, the state government had bestowed 'child welfare award 2000-01' considering the contributions of the centre in rehabilitating child labourers, street children and orphans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12687570", "title": "\u2018Science\u2019 wedding gets poetic touch", "text": "HUBLI: Couples these days go to extraordinary lengths to see that guests remember not just the wedding ceremony, but also the invites. If you mistook this wedding invite as an invite to a science function, you are forgiven. There is nothing conventional or romantic about S Manjuanth Shidiginamola's wedding invite. A Physics lecturer in Rao Bahaddur Y Mahabaleshwar Engineering College, and president of Madame Curie, Science Academy, Manjunath will tie the knot on Monday.His four-page wedding invite does not give information of just his bride and himsel,f but also of world famous scientists, litterateurs and rationalist writers along with their photographs. \"There was stiff opposition from my family when I decided that this is how my invite would be. It took me some time to convince them. But now, they are all happy with it,\" he says.The first page of his card has photographs of six scientists- Sir M Visvesvaraya, Dr C , Dr C V Raman, J C Bose, Homi J Bhabha, C N R Rao, and Madam Curie; poets including Kuvempu, Chennaveer Kanavi and Vasant Kushtagi, rationalists writer-K Channabasappa, H R Ramkrishnarao, B V Veerabhdarappa and S Balachandra Rao along with photographs of theatre personalities Belagallu Veeranna and Subadramma Mansur.While the 2nd page has details of literary events, poets' meets, and other cultural programme organized a day before the wedding, the 3rd page contains details of the couple their relatives while the 4th is dedicated to Kuvempu's poem Yavakalad Shastravenu Yelidarenu.And why would he want such an unconventional invite for the most important day of his life. \"It is my way of showing my deep sense of gratitude and respect to these great people. The luxuries and comforts we enjoy today is because of the contributions of scientists, poets and litterateurs. I have printed 700 cards and each cost me around Rs 10.\"\"And I would like to felicitate Kannada activists Belagallu Veeranna, Vasant Kushtagi, Subhadaramma Mansur and B V Veerabhadrappa,\" adds Manjunath.And if you thought that the eve of his wedding would see Manjunath bid farewell to his bachelorhood with a party, then think again. He released his two books-Chukki Chandrama, a collection of poems on celestial bodies and Vaicharik Kavanagalu, rational poems, on Sunday.\"These books I will distribute to my close friends on my wedding day,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12681978", "title": "Rough weather hits fruit and wheat crops", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Rains and storms over the past few days might have brought the temperature down in the region, but fruit and wheat crops in Himachal Pradesh have been severely affected by the unusual climatic conditions.Mango and litchi fruit seedlings have been badly damaged while ready-to-harvest wheat crop has been flattened. District Kangra is one of the major producers of mango, litchi and wheat. About 2,123 hectares come under mango cultivation, while litchi is cultivated on 2,801 hectares and wheat is sown on about 5,51,547 hectares of land in Kangra district. Fruit growers in Kangra fear that if predictions of the meteorological department come true and rains continue for a few more days than it will damage their yield totally.\"This is the time when trees are full with fruit seedlings, but if rains and storms continue than the damage will be very high,\" said Surjeet Singh, a fruit grower from Rounkhar near Kangra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12682333", "title": "State info panel cagey about sharing its records", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Right to Information Act is limping in UP. Scant regard for the Act by government departments and inordinate delays in providing information to applicants has blunted this people's tool. But, the main body to be blamed for RTI's ineffectiveness is the State Information Commission (SIC), the nodal agency for implementing the Act in letter and spirit.The common complaint is that the commission avoids making its records public; be it regarding funds released from the Centre or the number of orders passed by it. RTI activists have made attempts to seek information about the working of the commission but in vain. And, in the latest snub, the state commission has not provided information on the appointment of staff.Worse, the commission which slaps a fine on public authorities for crossing the 30-day deadline for providing information, has itself crossed the deadline on some occasions. An applicant Salim Baig had sought information about the number of permanent posts which were created by the commission. \"I had asked for a copy of the order by which the posts have been created,\" Baig said. The commission, set up in 2006, did not have permanent staff. The staff was inducted from other departments. However, now some of them have been made permanent. The rest of the staff allege the process of appointment isn't fair and those who gave bribe were made permanent. Baig had also sought copies of the appointment letters issued to the staff.\"If the commission had been fair in appointments, it should not have shied away from sharing information,\" said Baig. The commission, however, did not act on his February application despite the deadline being crossed. Baig has now filed the first appeal. However, since first appeal is also decided by the secretary of the commission, it's uncertain if the officer will accept it.There are more instances of commission's faulty working. Sources say the commission has run out of postage stamps, as a result of which notices are not being sent to applicants. \"About 15,000 notices are lying pending,\" said a staff. Applicants also complain it's difficult to obtain the copies of the orders passed and allege that staff demands money for providing the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12686351", "title": "A day after, 30K phones on the blink", "text": "BHOPAL: It will take another two days for mobile service to get normal and three days to fully restore the internet connectivity. The telephone and internet connectivity went haywire on Friday after a major fire broke out in the BSNL exchange in Royal Market area. At least 30,000 phones were out of order and 9,000 internet connections were down in Bhopal on Saturday.BSNL engineers, who were called from other offices, including Hoshangabad and Khandwa for assistance, have been places into service to finish repair work.BSNL GM Mahesh Shukla claimed that internet services would be resolved in next three days. For landline connections, particularly around 10,000 connections in the old city, it will take more than a month's time to get operational.\"Overloading\" of machines is being seen as the reason for short-circuit in cables that spread the fire engulfing the top two floors of the four-storeyed building of the exchange in busy Royal market area. Though the loss is worth several crores, the exact amount would be ascertained later,\" Shukla said.Services are expected to get normal within a day or two. \"Separate responsibilities have been entrusted with officials for restoring the mobile, landline and internet connections.The officials also said that till the repair work is continuing at the city exchange, \"its load is being transferred to other exchange and mobile towers to restore the services.\" The BSNL CGM will address the media on Sunday to present the exact picture, the officials added.In the fire that began in wee hours of Friday, around 16 persons, including the BMC's firemen and BSNL employees were hospitalized. Fire tenders from the CISF and army also helped douse the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12682712", "title": "No controversy between Nitish Kumar and Raj Thackeray: Shahnawaz Hussain", "text": "PATNA: BJP national spokesman and party's Bhagalpur MP Shahnawaz Hussain said on Sunday that he saw no controversy at all in CM Nitish Kumar holding dialogue with MNS chief Raj Thackeray over Bihar Diwas celebration in Mumbai, as in the final count what the CM has done was in the interest of both the people of Bihar and \"national integrity.\"Hussain also said that there was no aberration if none of the state or national BJP leaders, or of any other party, including the JD(U), would be present during the Bihar Diwas function at Mumbai. \"CM Nitish is representing 10 crore people of Bihar. He is also representing all the political parties, since he is the leader of the state legislature,\" he said, adding that he himself, along with Patna Saheb MP Shatrughan Sinha and party state chief Dr C P Thakur, was present at the Bihar Diwas function held in Delhi.According to him, even Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray has praised the work done by Nitish in Bihar for its development. \"It should be read as leader of one NDA constituent (Shiv Sena) praising the CM from another NDA constituent,\" Hussain said.With regard to the question if Nitish has contacted the MNS chief, Hussain in his tongue in cheek reply said, \"CM Nitish did not make outgoing call. He had responded to an incoming call. Nitish Kumar is a large-hearted man and does not harbour rancour against anybody. He does not need anyone's permission to address a meeting in Mumbai, or to participate in a meeting there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681764", "title": "Finnish national jumps to death from IGI parking lot", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bizarre sequence of events, a 27-year-old Finnish national - who was handed over to the embassy after he was found loitering around the IGI airport earlier on Sunday morning - managed to reach the airport again and committed suicide by jumping off the sixth floor of the multi level parking that overlooks the T3, police said. No suicide note has been recovered from him.The deceased, Arette Karlella, was mentally unstable, police said. He had arrived in the country on December 24 last year and his visa was valid till June, police said after scanning his passport. Police are probing the possible reason behind the deceased's extreme step. A diary has been found from the deceased where he has allegedly mentioned about a woman who he claims is after his life, sources said.The incident took place around 1:30pm, when Karlella reached the airport from the embassy. Police are probing if he dodged any embassy officials or was let off after questioning. \"Karlella walked towards the multi-level parking and reached the sixth floor. He was not stopped by any security personnel despite private security guards being present there. He then jumped off before the guards could reach him,\" said a senior cop.Karlella was rushed to a nearby hospital but he was declared brought dead, police said. He had sustained severe head injuries and had bled profusely, hospital sources added.DCP IGI confirmed the incident and said that a call regarding the same person roaming around the T3 along with his baggage. \"He was detained and handed over to the embassy around 9.30am,\" he added. When he first came to the airport, the official said, he was not carrying a departure ticket. Later in the day, Karlella came back to the airport and committed suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12682693", "title": "Sushil Modi assails Centre's move on Mahadalits", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi said on Sunday that the Centre should issue a fresh directive so that Mahadalit families in the state are automatically included in the category of families living below the poverty line (BPL) during the \"socio-economic and caste census\" that is to start shortly.Modi said that the Centre had earlier given an indication that the Mahadalit families could be automatically included in the BPL family category, but its fresh directive that has been released recently mentioned that only those Mahadalit families would be included in the BPL category which stood scrutiny under seven parameters.As per the standard guidelines of the Centre, those families which stand scrutiny on five parameters would be automatically included in the BPL category. The five categories include households without shelter, destitute or those living on alms, manual scavengers, primitive tribal groups, and legally released bonded labourers, Modi said.He said that it was possible that the Mahadalit families could get left out due to error in evaluating the status of a family on seven parameters for automatic inclusion in the BPL category during the census. Most of the Mahadalit families in the state are poverty-ridden, and, therefore, they should be automatically included in the BPL category, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682619", "title": "'More funds should be pumped in city fest'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Stating that the literature fest in Chandigarh has a scope of growing much bigger over years, noted playback singer Rekha Bhardhwaj was in Chandigarh to conclude the Literature Fest 2012 with her performance.Recipient of the 58th national award in playback singing for her songs in \"Ishkiya\" in 2011, Bhardwaj said the fest just made a beginning this year, with several artists, writers and poets participating through personal contacts.\"The aim of most of them was to promote such events in the city and they came through personal contacts. The fest in Chandigarh needs to have a more solid and concrete financial support to make it more reachable and impressive,\" said Bhardwaj.Commending the effort of organizing a three-day fest in 15 days in Chandigarh, she added \"Movies and Music\" must continue to be an important part of such festivals. \"I am sure that more of music and movies will be included in the upcoming festival in January, next year and fest has a potential of growing bigger in this city,\" she says.She added that discussions and deliberations could be held on various forms and impact of music as a part of the fest in forthcoming years. For instance the impact of lyrics on the audiences or several components of classical music could also be discussed.A graduate of Hindu College, Delhi, and wife of music composer-director-producer Vishal Bhardhwaj, Rekha has carved a niche for herself in Bollywood with songs like \"Ranjha Ranjha\" in movie \"Raavan\" and \"Genda Phool\" in \"Delhi-6\" both composed by A R Rehman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12685739", "title": "Tempos continue with their reckless ride", "text": "KANPUR: The city is being harassed by willful tempo drivers. They halt their vehicles in the middle of the road and cause traffic snarls. They often drive randomly and cause 'near miss' situations. Even the passengers complain of being inconvenienced and charged extra.Thus, in order to curb their menace, the traffic department has launched a drive for past four days. The traffic police have been issuing challans to the errant tempo drivers. Also the permits of a number of tempos have been cancelled in the past few days. The papers of the tempos are also checked. If found carrying duplicate copy of the tempo registration or the driving license, the tempos drivers are challaned.Another grave problem is of tempo drivers overloading their vehicles. The fact is that carrying higher number of passengers than the permissible limit invites penalisation. But the tempo drivers are still not worried. They make at least eight persons sit on the back seats of their vehicle instead of six and at least two to three people in front. It is because of overloading that the cases of tempos turning turtle and passengers receiving severe injuries have been reported many a times.The scene is very similar in the every part of the city but the situation is worse at Ramadevi, Lal Bangla, Bada Chauraha, Nawabganj, Kidwai Nagar, Jajmau and Ghantaghar routes. Even the traffic control officials standing nearby are helpless in stopping these tempos that not only carry more passengers than allowed but also charge extra fare from them.Describing an incident, Mayank a local of Kidwai Nagar, said two to three persons could easily be seen sharing the driver's seat and at least eight would be seated at the back seat. Obliviously, the risk of mishap increases. Passengers have to bear it as there is no other easy mode of transportation. \"It was just a few months ago when I was returning home from college from Bada Chauraha. It was around 6.30 in the evening. The tempo I took was already filled and the only space left was occupied by me. But one can call it a bizarre fact that the tempo driver took two more passengers at Phoolbagh and shifted two male passengers to front seat, making a total of five people in the from seat. Though I opposed but failed as it was late and I had no other option. It was just a few minutes when the tempo turned turtle on Express Road and everybody was badly injured,\" informed Mayank.It was not the lone case as Ashok Gupta , a Govind Nagar resident, claimed that due to lack of other alternative, especially roadways buses, they had to bow before the whim of the temp drivers. The other problem being faced by the commuters, and even the pedestrians, is over-speeding by tempos drivers. \"Be it for fun or rush to catch another passenger, these drivers pose a serious threat to the lives of commuters as well as other road users. But, the traffic police remain silent watchers and even in case where a local raises voice against this, they don't take appropriate action,\" said Akash, a student of Christ Church College.\"I was trying to avoid loitering pigs on the left side of the road while I was driving on the right. Before I could get back to the left, a speedy tempo came towards me from the opposite direction and hit my motorcycle badly. When the locals made us stand and asked the driver to drive carefully, he misbehaved and even started a brawl with all of us,\" said Nitin, a local of Barra.Meanwhile, SP Traffic Maniram said strict action was being taken against the tempo drivers who broke traffic laws, especially those who overload their vehicles. He said more tempos would be challaned, if found violating the rules. Also, the tempos would be seized if they go an extra mile in disturbing the traffic scenario in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12680519", "title": "Two kids beaten, tortured over allegations of theft", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Four boys, 10 to 13 years old, were allegedly beaten with lathis and hit on their genitals on Friday by three men who suspected the boys were out to steal equipment belonging to the power discom, at Surajpur.The boys, who live in the neighbourhood, have alleged they were sodomized but police said medical examination did not bear that out. The accused have been arrested and charged with wrongful confinement, assault and under the Juvenile Justice Act.\"The medical report didn't reveal signs of sodomy, but it seems the kids were thrashed on their genitals. They were locked up and beaten before they escaped,\" SP (Rural) Ashok Kumar said.Four boys were allegedly beaten with lathis and hit on their genitals by three men after they suspected the boys to steal equipment belonging to the power discom at Surajpur. The children claimed police were trying to cover up what really happened.The accused have been identified as Narayan, Bhura and his brother Sanjay. \"Narayan is said to be a contractor with Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL),\" Kumar said.Police said the incident took place on Friday evening when the boys venture neared some NPCL cables while playing in the Eta-I sector of Greater Noida. \"The children were captured by the accused, who probably suspected they were trying to steal some equipment,\" said Kumar.The children went to their respective homes after escaping from the room. On seeing their wounds, their families informed the police. The families allege the cops tried to hush up the case but swung into action after the local media took up the case.The victim then narrated the entire sequence to the police. \"When the children came to the police station, they were bruised all over. Their backs were covered with injury marks,\" the SP said.The police denied the boys had insisted that sodomy charges be slapped against the accused. A case against the three men was registered under sections 342 (wrongful confinement), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace) of IPC and Juvenile Justice Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12681330", "title": "Chennai motor mechanic mugged, battered to death", "text": "TRICHY: A man was brutally beaten to death late Saturday night. The deceased, a mechanic, ran a workshop at Thathangaraiyar Pettai near Musiri.The incident took place when he was returning home to Devanur Manikkapuram. Police were informed about the incident after a passerby reported that a dead body was lying on the side of the road.Police said that Bhupathy was returning home from his workshop, when he might have been attacked by one or more assailants. The murder appears to have been premeditated, the police said. Thathangaraiyar Pettai inspector Vincent visited the spot and reported that Bhupathy suffered fractures on his hands and legs and it looked like a crime of vengeance. There were stab wounds on his face too.The police also found some wooden logs at the crime scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12685717", "title": "Fire Brigade Week starts with aplomb", "text": "VARANASI: To commemorate the martyrdom of 66 fire service personnel during Mumbai dockyard fire tragedy in 1944, the annual event of Fire Brigade Week commenced in the city from Sunday.Initially the fire fighters observed silence for two minutes to pay tributes to the martyrs. After that SP City Santosh Kumar Singh flagged off a march carried out by the fire fighters from Chetganj fire station in the morning. Chief fire officer Jiya Lal and fire service officer Subhas Singh led the march in which all the fire tenders and other vehicles of fire brigade also moved.After passing through Naisadak, Godowlia, Chowk, Maidagin and Lahurabir, the march culminated at the same venue. Another march was also carried out from Bhelupur fire station. This march moved in Sonarpura, Asi and Lanka areas before culminating at the same venue. The fire officials also highlighted the events that would take place during Fire Brigade Week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12682156", "title": "Gurgaon\u2019s fourth fire station opens in Udyog Vihar", "text": "GURGAON: After much delay, the fourth fire station in the city, situated at Udyog Vihar was inaugurated on Saturday. The other three fire stations are at Sector 29, 37 and at Bhim Nagar.A fire station in the area was necessary as there are many factories and industries where a large number of people work. At present, there are two fire tenders, five firemen and eight drivers in the fire station. According to Municipal Corporation Gurgaon (MCG) officials, the staff and infrastructure will be improved gradually.\"Udyog Vihar is an industrial belt and has numerous factories including chemical ones. Even a small fire can prove disastrous and therefore we wanted to make this station operational at the earliest. We will procure the tenders according to the need of the area,\" said A MCG official.\"The fire station originally belonged to HSIIDC but was later on handed over to MCG.Even though the building and other infrastructure was in place, the delay in making it operational was due to lack of coordination between MCG and electricity department. The process to make electricity supply available took a lot of time and therefore we could not inaugurate it earlier,\" he added further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681861", "title": "Guard killed after cop loses control of car", "text": "MUMBAI: A constable attached to the Saki Naka police station has been booked after the vehicle he was driving allegedly knocked down a generator, leading to the death of an MMRDA security guard. Another guard was also injured.The incident occurred on Andheri-Ghatkopar Link Road in Saki Naka around 4.15am on Sunday when constable Shivaji Borade, during a nightly round-up, reportedly lost control of his Maruti car and rammed it into the generator that was kept beside the road for Metro work, said the police. While Gopinath Shinde (52) was crushed to death on the spot, his colleague, Bajan Kewat (50), has been hospitalized with abdomen and chest injuries.Borade, who has also sustained severe head and abdominal injuries, has booked under sections 279 (rash driving), 304 (A) (culpable homicide), 337 and 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the IPC. Currently, he is undergoing treatment in a private hospital at Bhatwadi in Ghatkopar (W). \"Shinde was killed after the generator crushed his head and abdomen. The policeman also suffered head and chest injuries. His statement will be recorded before he is arrested,\" said DCP (Zone X) Suhas Warke.Prima facie, investigations have revealed that Borade was not drunk while driving. \"Preliminary medical reports show that Borade was not in an inebriated state. We have kept the blood samples to be sure whether he was drunk or not,\" Warke told TOI. Assistant inspector Ashok Chavan said, \"The vehicle has been seized. The RTO will inspect the car to see if any of the parts broke down leading to the mishap.\"Shinde and Kewat were manning the under-construction site of Asalpha Metro station. A witness said, \"The two were standing close to the electric generator when the car driven by the policemen rammed into it. Before Shinde and Kewat could react, the generator fell on them.\"According to Saki Naka senior inspector S R Dhanedhar, Borade from a special team (detection) was patrolling the locality in his own car. \"He was in civil dress when the incident occurred,\" Dhanedhar said.The officials are yet to record the statements of the victims' families. \"They are in a state of shock. Till late in the evening, they were not ready to talk to us. The two stayed in nearby Asalpha village,\" said Dhanedhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686369", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan inaugurates the Prayag Film City in Chandrakona", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan's love for Kolkata surely goes beyond his IPL cricket team. The actor inaugurated the first private film city in Bengal - the Prayag Film City in Chandrakona in Midnapore district, 165 km from main city Kolkata on Saturday.Khan launched the first phase of the project, an integrated film city complex and one-stop entertainment destination across 2,700 acres. Designed by eminent Bollywood art director Nitish Roy, the complex will be built by the Prayag Group over two phases for a budget of approximately Rs 1000 crore. Shah Rukh, who also endorses West Bengal tourism, will be the official brand ambassador for the complex. Reminding us of his entry in Karan Johar's Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham, Shah Rukh arrived in Chandrakona by a private helicopter at 12.15 pm where over 10,000 fans awaited the star. After inaugurating the Film City, Shahrukh told the Kolkata media, \"I have developed a close association with Bengal for the last few years. It all started with Knight Riders and it had cemented further. I think this kind of Film City will help boost the entertainment industry in Bengal. In the open outdoor section of the Film City, Shahrukh performed on Chhammak Chhalolater.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12685796", "title": "Four die in separate road mishaps", "text": "VARANASI: Four persons were killed in three separate road mishaps on Sunday.According to reports, Achal Singh (28) of Jansa area and Dharm Singh (25) of Dehradoon were killed in a road mishap near Kajisarai, Badagaon. Their bodies were found lying with their motorcycle on Sunday morning. Reports stated that Achal was employed as computer programmer at an educational institute on Babatpur Road. On Saturday he stayed at institute till late in night to attend some function. After that he left the institute for home with Dharm riding pillion. When they were passing through Kajisarai, some vehicle crushed the two. They died on the spot.Meanwhile, in another road mishap near Gadhwaghat, Lanka, Shivshankar Patel (16) was killed while his mother Malkina Patel (55) sustained serious injuries when a truck hit their motorcycle. Reports stated that Shivshankar was returning home in Khanav area from Chandauli with mother on a motorcycle. When he was passing through Gadhwaghat, a truck crushed their motorcycle. Shivshankar died on the spot. Malkina was admitted to a private hospital where her condition was stated to be critical.In another road mishap in Azamgarh, one Pradeep Ram (18) of Raunapar area was killed after coming under the wheels of a tractor near Lalghat, Jiyanpur, on Saturday night. Reports stated that Pradeep had gone to take part in a procession on Ambedkar Jayanti. He was sitting on a tractor trolley when he fell off accidentally. He died on the way to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12681785", "title": "Vehicle-free Sunday gets mixed response", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Spirits of some citizens out to enjoy their Sunday with a ride were dampened when they reached police barricade near Law Garden, CG Road or Kankaria Lake. Traffic cops told them to get down and walk to their destination.This was the common scene on Sunday evening around the roads converted into no-vehicle zones. CG Road, Law Garden and Kankaria Lake - were the three vehicle-free zones as identified by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation as highly congested areas on Sundays. The vehicular entry at these places will be restricted on all Sundays between 4 pm and 11 pm henceforth.\"We had come to CG Road and were caught unawares. It might be a good initiative but we did not know about it and it robbed the evening of the fun. The traffic police did not guide us about where to park as we went late in the evening and the stretch near Swastik Crossroads was choc-a-block with parked four-wheelers,\" said Manan Desai, a resident of Satellite. However, for others, it was a pleasant surprise. Abdul Karim Qureshi, a resident of Navrangpura, had come to Law Garden with his family members. \"We could not imagine the road near Law Garden, with its environs always full of blaring horns and vehicular fumes, could be free of vehicles. The children made most of it where we strolled with ice-cream cups in our hands,\" he said.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Siddharth Khatri said \"At first we had to explain to people. Afterwards, they were happy to cooperate as it gave them tension-free space to enjoy food and scenery on popular stretches. We had instructed the policemen to keep an eye on the parking problem,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12681087", "title": "Normalcy returns to Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Normalcy is slowly returning to the Old City areas after last week's communal clashes at Siadabad and Madanapet. Police are likely to lift curfew from these two areas from Monday.Charminar, which bore a deserted look the whole of last week, witnessed a good turnout of visitors on the weekend. \"On the first few days of last week the visitor count at Charminar dropped below 1000. The average visitor count is around 3000 per day. But yesterday it was close to its average,\" said Rashid Khan, ASI in-charge at Charminar. Manish Kumar Sinha, DCP, South Zone, informed that the situation is getting better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687397", "title": "Celebrating 100 episodes of RK Laxman Ki Duniya", "text": "The cast and crew of SAB TV's RK Laxman Ki Duniya were present in full swing to celebrate their success on completion of 100 episodes. Prominent personalities from the TV world as well as Bollywood were present.Present at the success bash were - Bollywood director Vipul Shah who gave a thumbs up, friends forever Atul Parchure and Dilip Joshi were seen having a gala time, the gorgeous ladies Disha Wakani and Vanadana Pathak also graced the occasion.Big Boss Winner Juhi Parmar and husband Sachin Shroff walked in hand in hand and posed for the shutterbugs.Also seen at the event was the bubbly Gulfama, Child artist Afhsa Musani, comedian Vinay Edekar, producer of Khichdi, Jamnadas Mantheija, Deven Bhojani was seen having a lot of fun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12682436", "title": "'Make health facilities in city a model'", "text": "LUCKNOW: State minister for health and family welfare Ahmad Hasan wants government health facilities in the district to be developed as a model for other districts. Speaking to officers after inaugurating the polio week on Sunday, he said, \"Health officials in Lucknow should make efforts to make it a model place for health facilities. These centers should have round the clock availability of doctors and medicines. They should live up to their standards of service as well.\"Acting on the directions, the newly appointed chief medical officer Dr SNS Yadav has decided to turn at least one primary health centre, community health centre, Bal avum mahila chikitalaya and urban health post into a model facility. \"We are making a humble beginning,\" said Dr Yadav. The event was organised at the Jhalkari Bai women and child hospital.Meanwhile, scores of children were administered polio drops at 2,719 booths in the city which was divided into seven zones and 78 sectors. Monday onwards, house to house and transit teams will visit localities, slums and kilns to administer polio drops to children.Officials said though no polio case has been reported for past one year, the risk still persists. Therefore, all children must be given the vaccine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12686261", "title": "Health ex-director booked for 'doctoring' gradation list", "text": "BHOPAL: Former health director Dr Yogiraj Sharma has been booked on Saturday for allegedly committing forgery. Sharma, whose house was raided by the Income Tax department sleuths two years ago, has been accused of committing irregularities in the gradation list to pave the way for promotion of an employee of the health department.\"Initial complaint in this regard was received in 2009. However, a case was registered after corroborating the charges,\" said investigating officer P N Goel. A case has been registered against Dr Sharma under the Section 420 and one other in the case, the police said.The Jehangirabad police said Dr Sharma promoted one JK Mishra of the health department by superseding others.Police said the gradation list was manipulated for the purpose. Simultaneous complaints were lodged with Lokayukta and Jehangirabad police in the incident.Police said files related to the promotion went missing from the department during the initial course of investigation. However, the same files were recovered later.The government had placed Dr Sharma under suspension after IT raids on his residence. Later, it was revoked. He was given the compulsory retirement.Further investigations are on, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681185", "title": "MLAs use social media to connect with people", "text": "CHENNAI: Bitten by the social networking bug, MLAs from Tamil Nadu are increasingly tweeting, blogging, posting on Facebook and emailing their constituents in a bid to reach out to them and address their grievances on a daily basis. Most of the queries they answer are from students who have regular access to computers in colleges, while others communicate via data centres and personal laptops.Interestingly, even MLAs elected from rural areas get good response from people in their constituencies through email and other social network sites. \"I get regular emails from people, especially from youngsters, seeking advice on getting education loan and complaints from senior citizens,\" Aruppukottai MLA Vaigaichelvan told Times of India.He said all mails were replied to promptly and problems resolved. Most legislators have tablets on which they reply to the people. \"I have more than 3,000 friends on Facebook and most of them live in my constituency. In addition, I also receive 50 mails every day from various people and I try to solve their problems quickly,\" MLA C H Sekar said. \"I once solved a water connection problem in my constituency immediately though I was out of station,\" he said.Women legislators too use technology to reach out to the people. CPM MLA K Balabarathi said she had posted a message on her Facebook account inviting suggestions from the people on health issues that can be taken up for debate in the assembly. \"I received hundreds of suggestions from the people, which were useful to me during the debate in the house,\" she said.Congress MLA S Vijadharani said she received a mail from a person seeking her intervention to bring the body of his family member from Muscat, where he had died in an accident at a work site there. \"I could resolve the matter quickly through the Indian embassy since I accessed the mail through my mobile,\" she said.Another MLA K Pandiarajan has mapped all the houses in his constituency through Global Positioning System (GPS) and stored the same in his computer. \"This would help me get the details of the family members to solve their problems,\" he said.Many legislators are also connected with their counterparts from different political parties through Facebook and Twitter. For example, Gummudipoondi MLA C H Sekar, who belongs to DMDK, is a friend of PMK MLA A Ganesh Kumar and DMK legislator S S Sivasankar on Facebook. \"We discuss several things on Facebook. I was appreciated by Ganesh Kumar and Sivasankar on my debate in the house,\" Sekar said. MLAs are also responding to SMSes from the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12682239", "title": "Gurgaon to get solar thermal power plant", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana's first solar thermal power plant - which will work on the steam-and-turbine principle as opposed to utilizing costly solar photo-voltaic cells - is all set to come up in Gurgaon.The 1MW power generation facility is \"an experimental project\" being built collaboratively by the Solar Energy Centre (SEC) and the Indian Institute of Technology , Bombay. The plant, nearing completion now, will start undergoing trial runs by the first week of May.Solar energy is touted as the best alternative to conventional power.But the technology still has a long way to go before it can successfully replace the available modes of energy generation. Impeding its progress are two crucial factors - high costs, and low efficiency.And the minds behind Gurgaon's solar thermal plant are attempting to resolve this very cost-and-efficiency conundrum with their new project.\"Usually, solar plants are composed of photo-voltaic (p-v) cells, which convert sunlight directly into electricity,\" said S K Singh, a scientist at the Solar Energy Centre, Gurgaon, and the director of the solar thermal department.Photo-voltaic cells don't come cheap, and have an average efficiency of 17%, which means that only 17% of the energy that is captured from the sun is successfully converted to electricity. And this is where the new solar thermal plant, located within the SEC premises, will differ. \"This plant works on the thermal principle. We will first use the sun's energy to generate heat. Using this heat, we generate high-pressure steam, which is then directed to a turbine generator, which in turn gives us electricity,\" said Singh.This alternative method to generate alternative energy not only brings down the initial and long-term costs by as much as 10%, experts in this field say that it also increases the efficiency levels by around 8%. \"Thermal plants usually have an efficiency of 20-25%, much higher than p-v plants,\" added Singh.Once the trial runs are over, the new plant will be connected to the state's electricity grid, and will be generating enough green power to light up 4,000 households.\"We are expecting that this will be on the grid by May end. We have already installed all the solar collector blocks here. Here the steam will first be generated at 40 degrees Celsius, and will then be superheated to 350 degrees Celsius when it hits the turbine,\" said an official of the SEC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12682413", "title": "Houses of IUML, Congress workers attacked", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Eight houses of IUML and Congress sympathizers were attacked at Chekiyad under Valayam police station limits in the wee hours of Sunday.According to the police, the attackers hurled country bombs and pelted stones at the houses. The attack is suspected to be a follow-up of the continuing clashes between the activists of the IUML and the CPM in the area.According to the Valayam police, three persons suffered minor injuries in the attack.A police team led by Vadakara deputy superintendent Jossy Cheriyan is camping in the region to prevent further clashes. The police team collected statements from the residents of the houses and natives. Cases have been registered against the unidentified assailants under sections 143 (unlawful assembly), 147 (rioting), 148 (rioting armed with deadly weapons), 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide), 341 (wrongful restraint) and 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons) of the Indian Penal Code. The police have also conducted searches at the houses of the suspects.The IUML leaders have alleged that the CPM was responsible for the attack and demanded immediate and strict action against the accused.They alleged that CPM have been targeting IUML workers for the last few months and has been creating panic in the region. Meanwhile, the CPM leadership has denied any involvement in the attack.RDO K K Rajan, after visiting the attacked houses, said the police had identified a few of the accused and action would be taken against them.The houses were attacked by a drunken group and the reason for the attack could be identified only after the arrest of the accused, he said. Large contingent of police have been deployed at the region to prevent further attacks, he added. Tahasildar Jenil Kumar, Chekkiyad panchayat president and others accompanied the RDO during his visit.Kozhikode: Eight houses of the sympathizers of IUML and Congress came under attack at Chekiyad under Valayam police station limits in the wee hours of Sunday morning. According to the police, attackers hurled country bombs and pelted stones at the houses. The attack is suspected to be a follow-up of the continuing clashes between the activists of the IUML and the CPM in the areaAccording to the officials of Valayam police station, three persons suffered minor injuries in the attack.Police team led by Deputy Superintendent of Police Vadakara Jossy Cheriyan and team camp in the tension hit region to prevent further clashes. The police team collected statements from the residents of the houses and natives and have registered case against the unidentified assailants under various sections 143 (unlawful assembly), 147 (rioting), 148 (rioting armed with deadly weapons), 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide), 341 (wrongful restraint) and 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons) of Indian Penal Code. The police officials also conducted search at the houses of suspected.The IUML leaders have alleged the CPM responsible for the attack and demanded immediate and strict action against the accused. The CPM have been targeting the IUML workers for the last few months and has been creating panic in the region, they alleged. Meantime, the CPM leadership has denied any involvement in the attack.RDO K K Rajan, after visiting the attacked houses, said that the police have already identified a few of the accused and action would be taken against them. The houses were attacked by a drunken group and the reason for the attack could be identified only after the arrest of the accused, he added. Large contingent of police has also been deployed at the region to prevent further attacks, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12682209", "title": "Court tells developer to hand over row house", "text": "NASHIK: A consumer court here has ordered a land developer to give possession of a row house to a couple who had given the token amount, along with Rs 75,000 as part of compensation.The court told the developer, Ravindra Nagre, to complete construction of the row house, booked by Ajay Aswale and his wife Aditi from Suchita Nagar. They should be given possession of the house within 60 days, and they will have to pay Rs 16 lakh, for which they were ready, the court observed.The Aswales had booked the house, being developed by Nagre, who had the power of attorney to develop and dispose of the land owned by Suresh Joshi from Pune. The deal was struck at around Rs 18 lakh, of which the Aswales had paid Rs 2 lakh to the developer. When Nagre allegedly refused to honour the deal, the Aswales filed a case with the consumer court in May 2011 and also sought a stay on transactions of the row house.The Aswales said they had never refused to pay Rs 16 lakh, required to complete the deal. But Nagre contended that the applicant had lowered the rate of the property to Rs 18 lakh, when it was actually Rs 27.5 lakh. He also claimed that he had sold the house to another person, details of which he never provided to the court.The court observed that the Aswales had the right to access the house and that Nagre was unable to provide details of having sold the flat to another person. Neither was any document provided to prove that the price of the flat was Rs 27.5 lakh, as he claimed, the court said.The court ordered Nagre to complete construction of the house and give a completion certificate in favour of the Aswales. Besides, Nagre will have to give Rs 75,000 as compensation, Rs 15,000 as mental harassment and Rs 1,000 as expenses incurred for the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12685788", "title": "Bengali New Year celebrated", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Bengali New Year was celebrated with gaiety in the city under the auspices of Bengali Social and Cultural Association. A cultural programme was also organised on the occasion in which the artists displayed their talents.Chief guest and director of Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT) Prof P Chakravarti exhorted the youth to come forward and extend their hand in the development of the country. The chief guest distributed scholarships to meritorious students and felicitated special citizens of the city.A booklet 'Triveni Banga Vaarta' was also released on the occasion.The cultural programme started with the blowing of the conch shell and 'swagat geet'. After that many Bengali songs were presented under the music direction of Kamolila Pal.Special award was given to Joyshree Nandi for getting exceptional marks. Vidisha Singh, Shweta Singh was also awarded. Shivangi Srivastava was given the Brigadier Panna Lal Chatterjee award, Manoj Kumar was given the Tarun Kumar Ghosh memorial award, Vinay Kumar Dubey got Mrinal Bhhatcharya Memorial Award. Richa Vajpayee and Anjana raya were given Chandana Banarjee Memorial Award while Tanay Banarjee got BK Niyogi memorial Award.The programme was conducted by Babul Bhattacharya while secretary Shankar Chatterjee presented the annual report and gave the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12683028", "title": "Less than 5% city buildings have undergone repairs", "text": "KOLKATA: In the last two decades, less than 5% of Kolkata's old buildings have been reinforced. According to structural experts, they remain vulnerable to tremors like the one which rocked Kolkata last week. A few more seconds of the tremor might have been disastrous for scores of structures that are badly in need of renovation, they pointed out.Structural retro-fitting norms laid down for government buildings recommend \"non-destructive tests\" for old structures. Few goverment or private buildings have followed them in Kolkata, though. \"Three tests are prescribed for assessing building strength. First is the speed hammer test which determines the strength of the concrete. Second is the ultrasonic pulse velocity test that helps to find out if there are pores or holes in the structure. The last one is carbonation test that indicates the durability of the building material and gives us an idea about its longevity. Based on the findings, renovation has to be undertaken. Hundreds of structures in Kolkata are likely to fail the tests,\" said Anjan Datta, a structural expert.Highrises like the Chatterjee International Centre and Park Plaza which were shaken by the tremor need to take the tests, some felt. Even though the Bureau of Indian Standard (BSI) norms were adhered to, maintenance was poor. It was also important to upgrade seismic safety norms, said Nitin Som, structural expert and a former teacher at Jadavpur University. \"Most highrises in central Kolkata are more than half-a-century old. They were built according to the prevailing structural norms which have been upgraded over the years. They have also lost their strength due to normal wear and tear. It's important for them to undergo retro-fitting,\" said Som.\"A building might look sound from the exteriors, but there could be portions which are vulnerable,\" said architectectural expert Monideep Chattopadyay.Even though scores of highrises have sought expert opinion on retro-fitting, few have actually gone for it. \"At least 70-80 proposals have to come to me in the last five years. But not more than three have actually gone ahead and done it,\" said Datta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12689119", "title": "AR Rahman prays in Delhi", "text": "Oscar winner AR Rahman leaves no chance to pay a quick visit to Nizamuddin dargah whenever he is in the capital, and this Friday was no different for him. Rahman was in town for half a day for the launch of an independent music label over the weekend and it's then that he also paid a visit to the dargah. He arrived there at around 6.30am and spent over 45 minutes praying at the sufi shrine .He apparently also brought along a music CD that he wanted to seek blessings for. Dargah official Syed Afsar Ali Nizami, told us, \"Rahman bhai came to pray unannounced, like he always does, and stayed for a short while.He also asked baba for blessings for a new CD that he'd got. We also prayed for him after he'd left and asked for blessings for all his work.\" Just a day before, on Thursday night, \"Rockstar\" director Imtiaz Ali and Pakistani actress Iman Ali too had come to pray at the dargah, said Nizami, adding, \"Imtiaz bhai shot \"Rockstar\" here at the dargah, and after that he's come here a few times. This time he simply came to pray and left soon after doing that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12683003", "title": "Student slams China exams, becomes hero", "text": "BEIJING: A 'rebellious' student who made an impassioned speech attacking China's exam-oriented education system that stifles creativity has become an instant national hero in the country, winning platitudes from official and microblog media.Jiang Chengbo, a student from an east China province, drew wild applause at a meeting attended by 3,000-strong audience at the school. Impressed by the impact his speech made the news agency carried a feature, saying that the speech propelled him into \"national spotlight\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12686875", "title": "Odisha Cricket Association insures T20 games at Barabati", "text": "CUTTACK: The Odisha Cricket Association (OCA) has insured the two forthcoming IPL matches to be played at Barabati stadium on April 22 and May 1, for Rs 20 crore each.Sources said the matches have been insured with Oriental insurance company and OCA has paid a premium of Rs seven lakh towards both the insurance policies.\"Bhave made a commercial liability insurance policy for all the IPL venues including Barabati stadium, but we do not want to leave anything to chance. So we have also insured both the matches that will be played at Cuttack for Rs 20 crore each,\"said Asirbad Behera, the secretary of Odisha Cricket Association.The insurance component includes Rs 5 crore for spectators, Rs 5 crore for fire and other perils as lightning or explosion and Rs 10 crore for special contingency.The policy will protect OCA against financial losses owing to cancellation of matches due to bad weather, natural disasters or any other accidents.This is highest ever amount of insurance cover made for a match by OCA. The state cricket body had insured the India -West Indies match played in November 2011 for Rs 15 crore.\"The seating capacity of the stadium has increased by 10,000 and even the infrastructure has also improved so accordingly the insurance amount has also increased,\"said Behera. Addressing a press conference on Sunday, OCA officials informed that the ticket sale for the IPL matches will start from Monday. Tickets will be sold from 14 counters in Cuttack and Bhubaneswar. People can also buy tickets online by logging into www.ticketgenie.in.\"The stadium can accommodate 43,190 fans, out of that 34,932 tickets have been released for public sale and rest seats are reserved for BCCI , IPL, Deccan Chargers and OCA officials,\"said an official of OCA. Adequate security arrangements have been made for both the matches.Team Hyderabad has chosen Barabati stadium as one of its home venues in this season of IPL. They will play against Kolkata On April 22 and against Pune on May 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12681309", "title": "Rift between school managements and parents may widen", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Supreme Court ruling in favour of the implementation of RTE Act is expected to further widen the rift between certain sections of parents and private school managements. While the private school managements maintain that it is still not clear about expenses of the students admitted under the Act, some of the parents counter it by claiming that the school managements were trying to oppose the new law as it will force them to become more transparent in their financial dealings.\"The school managements will have to come out with their fee structures. They cannot have one fee structure for RTE students and another for the rest of the children. If the school managements do so, their present modus operandi of charging excess amounts from parents will automatically come to the notice of the government,\" said R Manimohan, chairman, Students Welfare Association of Parents (SWAP), Coimbatore.The disparities in the government fixed fee structure and the amount charged by the schools has been a bone of contention between some of the parents and school authorities in the city.\"Implementing the Act is going to be a tough job for private schools. There are lot of problems linked with it and has to be dealt with carefully,\" said K Sathianarayanan, principal, Mani Higher Secondary School.However, most of the schools have already started the admission procedure and the apex court has clearly stated that its ruling will not unsettle the ongoing admission procedures.As per the RTE Act, the school will also be required to submit detailed records about the attendance and performance of the students admitted under its norms to the education department. Strict instructions will also be issued to the school managements not to discriminate any children admitted under RTE to their institutions.Some parents had recently approached district collector M Karunagaran seeking his intervention into the issue of private schools charging excess fee from parents. A meeting of the committee comprising of the district collector, education department officials, parents and school authorities was held last month. The collector had ordered the parents to refrain from protesting outside the school premises and also instructed a five-member committee under the chief education officer (CEO) to conduct preliminary inquiry into the allegations of the parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12681895", "title": "PhD must be completed in 4 years: Gujarat University", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University (GU) has decided that registration of students of PhD, who have not completed their thesis in four years' time, will be cancelled. Officials said that the four-year cut off is being implemented to ensure availability of guides for fresh students.It needs mention that GU is holding another entrance test for PhD students shortly even as the students, who cleared the first entrance test, are waiting for availability of guides. This has prompted the GU to enforce the rule that students should complete their doctoral thesis in four years' time.\"Many students seek extension even after five years. With increased number of students pursuing PhD there is a scarcity of guides,\" a GU official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12688799", "title": "Rajinikanth\u2019s song inspires RGV's item number", "text": "Rajinikanth's Aasai Nooruvagai song from Adutha Varisu is one of the ever-green numbers.This song was set to tune by maestro Ilayaraja and sung by late singer Malaysia Vasudevan. When the Dan Dan item number from Department was released with item girl Nathalia Kaur gyrating to the tunes, the similarities could not be missed.Director Ram Gopal Varma said that that it is true that Rajinikanth's Aasai Nooruvagai inspired the Dan Dan song. He added that it is his way of paying tribute to a song that has remained an ever-green favorite even after all these years.Source: www.cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12688896", "title": "Ajith revamps his office", "text": "Ajith has revamped his office situated at Abhiramipuram in Chennai.The renovation work had been going on for quite some time now and there was a speculation that he was making some major Vaastu changes. However, the new office reflects a whole new dimension.The star has a modern gym at his office and games room where several indoor games have been put up. There is also a Billiards table. Sources also say that Ajith has a new tennis court at his office so that his wife Shalini can practice there.The revamped office is a cynosure of all eyes that have been there.Source: www.cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682549", "title": "Music teacher held for forging signature", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 34-year-old private music teacher Varun Dass from Sector 15 was arrested on Sunday for cheating people on the pretext of arranging admissions for their children in St John School, Sector 26. The accused had also prepared a letterhead with St John School's principal Kavita Das' fake signature. Accused has been sent to judicial custody for 14 days.The incident came to light when Ramesh Chand of Sector 15, filed a complaint alleging that Varun had taken Rs 22,000 from him for arranging admission for his child in primary class in the school, but failed. Ramesh alleged that Varun introduced himself as a music teacher at St John School and claimed the school principal had approved the admission of his child.Police sources told TOI, \"Principal Kavita Das also came to know about the misdeeds of the accused and approached senior police officers. At the same time, victim Ramesh also filed a complaint against Varun at police headquarters in Sector 9, which was forwarded to police station in Sector 11.\"Sub-inspector (SI) Ramesh Kumar of police station in Sector 11, said Varun used to visit schools for giving music lectures on daily wage basis.He added that some fake letterheads of St John School were recovered from the possession of accused.Police said there is possibility of more complaints surfacing against accused for cheating while using the same modus operandi. A case for forgery has been registered against Varun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12680995", "title": "Fans send Pawan Kalyan running for cover", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A stampede of sorts took place at the Simhachalam temple when hundreds of fans of actor Pawan Kalyan descended on the shrine to catch a glimpse of their favourite star who had come for a darshan on Sunday afternoon.Unconfirmed reports even suggest that the actor sustained minor injuries in the melee created by his admirers.Pawan Kalyan along with members of the unit for his forthcoming movie 'Gabbar Singh', including director Harish Sankar and producer Ganesh, travelled to Simhachalam temple from Tirupati to offer prayers ahead of the audio release of the movie.But no sooner the news of his arrival spread than hundreds of his fans rushed to the temple to see the actor in flesh. That nearly resulted in a stampede-like situation which forced the actor and his crew to fly from the scene.According to some eyewitness accounts, Pawan rushed inside the temple with his shoes on in order to escape the frenzied mob.Temple executive officer Ch Narasinga Rao said that the matter had come to their notice but added that they were unable to confirm whether the actor had indeed entered the temple wearing shoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12685853", "title": "National council of teacher education begins revamp of teaching education system in country", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The National council of teacher education (NCTE) has taken an initiative to reform and revamp teaching education system in the country. Following the implementation of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education-2009, the government is now gearing up to reform the teaching education system with an aim to improve the quality of procedures and practices.Following the exercise, all courses of teacher education like BEd, MEd, NTT (Nursery Teachers Training), BPEd and MPEd will get revised. Speaking on the issue, member of NCTE northern regional committee and AU public relation officer Prof PK Sahoo said, \"The revamp is being carried out as per the NCERT curriculum framework and is aimed at improving the teacher education system.\"He said NCTE, which is the government body overlooking standards, procedures and processes of teachers' education and training system in the country, has already begun the process and set up four sub-committees under a specially formed commission for the purpose.These sub-committees will look into specific issues like analysis and steps for improving curriculum, norms and standards, accreditation and innovative programmes in teacher education, regulatory functions. Similarly a separate sub-panel will scrutinise the distance education and information communication technologies (ICT) in teacher education while another will study preparation of teacher educators, he added.NCTE has also invited suggestions from people in this regard.As part of the initiative, the NCTE is also in the process of developing new and improved resource materials for teacher-trainees and teacher educators in respect of the various teacher education courses, which can serve as reference material for transacting the teacher education programmes.Earlier, NCTE revamped these courses only in 2009 but at that time many universities and colleges had refused to abide by it. However with the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education-2009 now getting implemented, all universities, private and government colleges will have to teach the courses as per the NCTE norms, Prof Sahoo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682685", "title": "Students create mischief online", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an unusual case of cyber crime, over two dozen students of class VII with a prestigious private school in Sector 8 made a false profile of one of their school teachers on Facebook and started posting cooked up comments about her.Though the posted comments were not obscene, they were directly linked to the professional conduct of the teacher.The cyber cell of Chandigarh police has completed the investigation and a detailed probe report has been sent to the district attorney for legal opinion.It is the first such case of cyber crime in the city where students, all juveniles, made a false online profile of their teacher.Cyber cell sources told TOI, \"Earlier, we were not ready to believe the contents of the complaint but when we started the probe and the fake profile of the teacher on the social networking site was examined, and we saw the comments posted by the students, the complaint was found to be genuine.\"The cyber crime came to light when somebody informed the school teacher about her profile on the social networking site, following which her son filed a police complaint with the Chandigarh police.ASP (central) Deshraj Singh said a preliminary probe has established the offence on the part of students but the matter is sensitive as children are involved in the case. \"We do not want to take any chance and have decided to take legal opinion on the matter before taking further legal action,\" ASP Singh added.Police officials said none of the students have posted any vulgar, obscene or objectionable comment against the teacher.The probe was conducted by the cyber cell sleuths at the Sector 17 police station. Recently, three cyber crime complaints involving juveniles were settled when they apologised to the two girls, whose fake profiles they had created on a social networking site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682591", "title": "Art lovers get the first dose of Bengali treat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents got the first doze of Bengali treat as the three-day Tagore Theatre Festival, marked it's beginning at Punjab Kala Bhawan in Sector 16, Chandigarh, on Sunday.On Sunday, a play \"Aadhi Raat Mein\" was staged under the direction of Mohneesh Kalyan. The story revolved around the main character, Dakshinacharan Babu. After the death of his beloved wife he marries another girl, but soon realizes the absence of his ex wife. With time he starts to miss her even more and becomes insomniac. One night he goes to his doctor's house and starts talking to him about his wife. He talks all night and talks only about his wife and old memories. Next day again he reaches his house in the midnight to repeat everything.The festival is being organized by Mask Theatre in collaboration with Ministry of Culture, Government of India, New Delhi and North Zone Cultural Centre, Patiala. The festival aims at commemorating 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12685768", "title": "Water takes precedence over playground", "text": "VARANASI: While the office of Basic Shiksha Adhikari (BSA) claims that there is acute shortage of land in urban areas for new classrooms or primary and upper primary schools, the area meant to facilitate students is being put to other uses in one of the few big schools in the city. The Pisnahariya Junior High School, situated near busy Pandeypur flyover, will have to forgo its playground for setting up of a water tank.According to headmistress of the school, Nafees Bano, a water tank under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewable Mission (JNNURM) is under construction at the school play ground. \"The construction of the water tank started six months back and since then there has been no space for the children to play. There were five classrooms and one kitchen for primary section which were demolished during the rainy season and the entire playground remained covered in mud, bricks and contaminated rain water for several months. Now, a water tank is being constructed there. We have strictly instructed our children to play in classrooms instead of venturing out in the playground,\" she added.BSA Suryabhan had admitted that due to poor availability of land in the urban area, the number of students studying in government schools was decreasing day by day. \"We opposed the proposal but the district administration was rigid about the construction of the tank on the pretext that the playground of the school belonged to the government and could be put to any use it deemed fit,\" claimed Suryabhan.Additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh, on the other hand, said: \"Water and education both are basic necessities of every locality. We were not getting space to meet the drinking water facility of the area, so a few parks and schools were used for the purpose.\" According to him, a survey was done before the construction. \"There are only two or three such government schools where the tanks are getting constructed,\" he added.It is noteworthy that the condition of the school is no better than any other primary school in the urban area of the district. \"There was no drinking water facility available on the school premises. Children used to cross the busy road outside to quench their thirst at a near by public tap. Since our complaints were not heard, we re-constructed the existing defunct hand up from the funds of the school. Even now this water is not fit for drinking,\" informed Nafees.There are as many as 164 students enrolled in the school out of which the average attendance varies from 70-80 students.\"The school is not in a proper shape, children can hurt themselves in the uneven land where the tank is built. Just for the sake of free education, no body wants to take risk with their child's life and limb,\" opined Sarita Devi, a local native.The school, which is struggling to confine itself to two classrooms for primary and two class rooms for upper primary sections, also has an old building built some 80 years ago having five big and ventilated classrooms. \"The old class rooms were vacated due to its decaying structure and fearing causality and some new class rooms were built in 1990. The decision for the repairing, re construction or demolition of the old part of the school is yet to be taken by district administration,\" said Suryabhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12685812", "title": "IIIT-Allahabad to develop IT institutions in African nations", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The central government has entrusted IIIT-A to develop IT institutions in 54 countries of Africa.This information was given by IIIT-A director MD Tiwari at the inauguration of a two-day seminar on rural empowerment through ICT organized by IIIT-A at its extension campus -- Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Information Technology, Amethi (RGIIT), on Sunday.He said four blocks Bhadar, Bhetua, Amethi and Sangrampur have been covered in the first phase of Discovery Park, a project launched by Human Resource and Development Ministry. Around 26,650 families have benefited through e-agriculture, Biodiesel, Biofuels and Bioinformatics. \"We plan to set up a cyber centre, e-vocal education, employment generation, rural e-enterprise, rural healthcare including oncology and infrastructure development for rural India in the second phase of Discovery Park in Amethi,\" Tiwari added.A Tele-Medicine centre has already started functioning at Amethi campus with the collaboration of Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Medical Sciences, Lucknow as a part of Discovery Park. The facilities for colour scanning, video conferencing, internet connectivity for exchange of information between Amethi campus and SGPGI have been provided for common people.Dr CM Pandey from SGPGI Lucknow said lot of developmental activities have been undertaken in rural areas like education, health care and agriculture but expected results are yet to be visible because of faulty policy framing, corruption and lack of commitment.Seminar convenor Prof GN Pandey presented a report on several programmes of Discovery Park in Amethi and hoped coming years would be beneficial for farmers residing in nearby area.AK Pandey, principal scientist, Indian Institute of Vegetable Research (IIVR), Varanasi and Jagveer Rawat from Haryana Agriculture University spoke on agriculture and animal husbandry for rural empowerment while RA Ram, principal scientist, Central Institute for Subtropical Horticulture (CISH) presented his views on Horticulture for Rural Empowerment.DK Tandon and Prof RK Pathak of CISH spoke on post harvest processing. Besides participants, a large number of farmers were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12682670", "title": "Houses looted, one gunned down", "text": "PATNA: Even as senior police officials claim intensive patrolling in the city during night, a group of armed criminals gunned down a grill mechanic, Manoj Sharma, while committing dacoity in two separate houses at Nathupur village under Beur police station in the wee hours on Sunday.The police said that six criminals first entered the house of an insurance agent, Rewati Raman, after scaling the wall of the house and took children hostage inside the house. Raman and his wife were not present at the house. The criminals then asked the children to open the almirah, but were told that it was not locked.The criminals then opened the almirah and collected valuables and gold ornaments, the police said and added that the criminals then entered the house of the grill mechanic and looted cash and gold chain from there also. When Sharma resisted their attempt, they opened fire at him killing him on the spot and escaped from there. On getting information, SSP Amrit Raj and Phulwarisharif SDPO Rakesh Dubey reached the spot.The SSP said that prima facie it seems that the criminals opened fire when Sharma resisted their attempt. He said that the local police were investigating the case from different angles. Raids were on to arrest those involved in the incident, Raj added. Dubey said that Sharma was residing in the locality for the past two years in his half constructed house. He said that his house did not have any door. It seems that the criminals looted cash and other valuables worth Rs 25,000 only from the two houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12683536", "title": "Ex-servicemen, their relatives bag jobs", "text": "BANGALORE: About 2,435 persons who had either given away the best years of their life to the service of the nation or were related to such individuals on Sunday got a second shot at life when 65 companies offered them jobs.Among those who got jobs from the first-every such fair for former defence personnel were nine widows, nine daughters and 12 sons of ex-servicemen. The participating firms at the Manekshaw Parade Grounds event included IT majors Infosys and Wipro and realty giant Sobha Developers .\"2,435 jobs were on offer here. While 435 jobs were confirmed at the venue, offer letters for 600 jobs will be sent by post later. Another 1,400 appointments will be made after completion of due processes,\" said a defence public relations officer.Inaugurating the fair, Major General KS Venugopal, general officer commanding, (GOC) Karnataka and Kerala sub-area said that a soldier retires at a very young age and thus his early rehabilitation is one of the important measures that the Army is taking up throughout the country.Col AVS Andrews, in charge of the fair, said that majority of the applicants were retired junior commissioned officers and jawans.\"There is a huge demand from industries . Apart from jobs of security personnel, there is demand for people in technical grades and others logistical support services,\" he said.More such fairs will be conducted in Kerala and Karnataka in the coming months, Col Andrews said.On a virtual platformA virtual employment exchange is on the cards for ex-servicemen from Karnataka and Kerala sub-area. A soonto-be-launched website will provide a common platform for ex-servicemen aspiring for jobs and the employers. Ex-servicemen can register themselves and apply for jobs online. \"Companies too can upload their requirements on the website and we can find suitable candidates from the data base. We hope ex-servicemen in rural areas of Karnataka will benefit from this initiative,\" said Col AVS Andrews.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "12682103", "title": "National Institute of Design soon in Kurukshetra: Bhupinder Singh Hooda", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Sunday announced to set up National Institute of Design at Kurukshetra.\"The consultations for setting up NID at Kurukshetra have taken place, and this would be the second national institute after Ahmedabad, where education in the field of design and research would be provided,\" Hooda said speaking at a function here.Hooda said, during the state government has been making consistent efforts to develop Haryana as an international education hub.Earlier, the state had only seven universities, which has now increased to 23. A Central university has been set up at Mahendragarh, Women University at Khanpur in Sonipat, National Defence University at Gurgaon, Indian Institute of Management at Garnawathi, Veterinary University at Hisar and Sainik School has been setup at Rewari, Hooda said.Haryana has 80 government colleges and 96 non-government aided colleges, said the chief minister.Sanskrit is related to our culture, but we should not lag behind in English, Hooda said, and stressed for character building and changes as per the changing times and modern needs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12682379", "title": "Home minister announces CARE for senior citizens", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan has announced a new project for the safety and care for the elderly citizens in the state.The project, called Care Aid Relief for Elders (CARE), will ensure the safety of the senior citizens who are staying alone in their houses.The announcement came during the ministers meeting with the media at the Press Club here on Sunday.\"There are many houses in the state where the elderly are staying alone. The Kerala police will interact with such people, visit them and take steps to assure their safety,\" he said.Senior citizens will have to register their name and protection will be given accordingly, he said. The Rs 10-crore project will be inaugurated during the first anniversary of the UDF government in May.The minister also said the government will start 10 new coastal police stations soon -- Poovar, Anchuthengu, Ponnani, Vamanadu, Thalassery,Vadagara, Aruthungal, Ilathoor, Thrikkarippur and Kumbala.Crime and Criminal Tracing Network System (CCTNS) will also be implemented in the state to nab criminals without much delay.The project cost is Rs 48 crore. Police will be linked in a more efficient way across the country under this system. Currently, for carrying out investigation of a case in another state, police permission of that state is required.The process is time-consuming. Through this new system, delay in nabbing the criminals could be avoided. The work has been started and it will take at least a year to create this all-India network.He also said that guilty in 97% of the murder cases have been nabbed. He also said police force will be provided with modernized weapons and the activities of the Cyber Cell will be expanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12681947", "title": "Gujarat high court issues notice to Gujarat Medical Council on Desai's medical licence", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Wednesday issued notice to the Gujarat Medical Council (GMC) seeking reply on the issue of cancellation of medical licence of former Medical Council of India (MCI) president, Dr Ketan Desai.After a single-judge bench rejected the petition filed by an NGO People for Better Treatment (PBT) headed by an NRI Dr Kunal Saha, he filed an appeal before a division bench. The judges have sought reply from GMC by May 2 and ordered Desai to be made a party in the proceeding.. Saha had approached the HC last year demanding suspension of Desai's licence after CBI nabbed him red-handed allegedly for taking bribe. Later he was charged for having assets disproportionate to his known source of income.Desai was put in jail and later was out on bail.Saha and his NGO had requested GMC to cancel Desai's licence, but when nothing happened, he filed an appeal before the MCI. The central regulatory body ordered GMC on October 9, 2010 to cancel the licence, but GMC did not act upon the order. Saha contended before the court, but his plea was dismissedIn his appeal challenging the single-judge's order, Saha has claimed that MCI had ordered GMC to cancel Desai's licence \"for his deplorable and unethical activity\" as per the provisions in sections 8.7 and 8.8 of the MCI 'Codes of Professional Conduct, Etiquette and Ethics, 2002\". However, GMC did not act upon the order.Saha also challenged Desai's election to the Gujarat University senate and fought the legal battle up to the apex court, but failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12682568", "title": "Professor arrest: Attackers unaware of email", "text": "KOLKATA: Those who have been arrested for attacking Jadavpur University Ambikesh Mahapatra at the New Garia housing complex on Thursday night were allegedly following the instructions of local Trinamool Congress leader Arup Mukherjee and party activist Amit Sardar. Two of those arrested claimed they had no idea about the 'objectionable' email that is said to have sparked the row.Apparently, the accused worked as contractors and building material suppliers for the complex and were upset since they had not been paid for a long time. Mahapatra, as assistant secretary of the housing society's board of directors, had detected several inconsistencies in bills submitted by them and refused to pay them unless revised bills were submitted.There is more to it. Some local Trinamool leaders have allegedly been eyeing this housing complex for long. A leaflet circulated by New Garia Samabay Abashan Unnayan Mancha - reportedly a Trinamool-backed organization - mentions it as a 'treasure trove'. The market rate of the 45-acre property is nearly Rs 100 crore, it claims. Interestingly, one of the attackers owns a plot in the complex. The complex is set to elect its new board of directors on May 20.As these Trinamool leaders tried to cash in on the growing resentment among several contractors and suppliers, they first tried to terrorise the society office-bearers. But that didn't work. It was then that they raked up the chain mail issue to allegedly force East Jadavpur police to start a case (Case No. 50/2012 dated April 12, 2012) to get Mahapatra and Subrata Sengupta arrested.On Sunday, TOI spoke to two of those arrested for assaulting Mahapatra. They claimed that Mukherjee was supposed to get some money from the New Garia Development Co-Op Housing Society Ltd. S K Mostafa, among the four persons arrested, said: \"I worked as a mason here before becoming a building material contractor. I have been associated with this society ever since it started in the early '80s. Never before has something like this happened.\" Mostafa, who by his own admission can't read and write without help, now owns plot No. A-19 in the complex, though he still prefers to stay in a two-storied building just out of it.Mostafa claimed the society owes him nearly Rs 4,40,117 lakh. \"They paid some of my dues last October. On the day of the assault, I had been asked to come to the co-operative office to discuss the matter afresh. Mahapatra had told me to omit some of my claims. I wasn't part of what happened later. Arup Mukherjee, like us, is owed some money. But I don't know who Amit Sardar is. All I know is that we are nearly 16-odd suppliers who work with the society which now owes us lakhs.\"What Mostafa wouldn't say, another of those arrested, Nishikanta Ghorai, admitted freely. \"We are being used as pawns in these political fights. The society has owed me Rs 1,04,842 since early-2000. We have demanded the amount several times and sometimes we have been paid in part. But never before has something like this happened. I was present at the meeting that night, but I have nothing to do with the assault,\" he said. Both Nishikanta and Mostafa claimed that they are not even aware of the email in question - they don't use computers.Mukherjee allegedly took the lead and assured Mostafa, Nishikanta and the others that they would get back their dues. Their hopes soared when after a meeting in February they were informed that they'd be paid their dues within two months.The society's chairman Nepal Shankar Chowdhury said: \"Led by Mukherjee, these suppliers demanded that they be paid immediately. They shouted and threatened us. Mukherjee even said he will stop all work of the cooperative society. They left at 9pm, only to return 15 minutes later to assault Mahapatra.\" The suppliers, led by Mukherjee, spoke to all office-bearers minutes before, but singled out Mahapatra for the brutal assault.When Mukherjee - and local Trinamool leaders courting the aggrieved suppliers - couldn't get the dues settled, a complaint was lodged by Sardar, who is a Mukherjee aide. What they didn't bargain for is the media outcry and the subsequent complaint by Mahapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12682595", "title": "Indian School of Business starts post-graduate programme in management", "text": "MOHALI: Over 200 students will now get expert supervision from over 50 alumni of Indian School of Business (ISB) in a newly introduced post-graduate programme in management (PGP) at the Mohali campus.A welcome ceremony was held on Sunday for the PGP class of 2013 at the ISB Mohali campus of the institute.Alumni across the country who graduated from ISB, a business school, will conduct several activities to help students get to know each other and induct them into the ISB culture.Punjab chief secretary, Rakesh Singh , an IAS officer and founding board members of the ISB campus at Mohali was also present.Speaking on the occasion, Singh said, \"It is a proud moment for the state of Punjab, with the ISB commencing its programme in Mohali, marking an important milestone in the state's journey of making Mohali truly a knowledge city.\"ISB dean, Ajit Rangnekar and the Board members also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682669", "title": "Lots jammed beyond capacity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Presently around 7,500 vehicles can be parked in the nine parking lots of Sector 17, but over four times the number extra vehicles are being allowed into these lots daily. The problem is worse on weekends, when there is a lot of rush.The municipal corporation is going to file a reply on the matter of a no parking zone in the Punjab and Haryana high court soon -wherein they are also going to suggest several options of improvement in the parking system in the commercial hub of the city. However what is being done at present while dealing with violation of norms is not enough. Just imposing penalties on contractors is not going to serve any purpose. There is a dire need to improve the overall parking system of the commercial hub of the city.Not only in Sector 17 but parking contractors of other sectors also don't follow laid down norms and commuters have to put up with a lot of problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12681691", "title": "Good response to pulse polio drive", "text": "YAVATMAL: The ongoing pulse polio immunization programme has sreceived overwhelming response mainly due to active participation by parents in urban and rural areas.The immunization programme in the city was inaugurated at Government Medical College (GMC) by civil surgeon Dr GM Rathod. Medical superintendent Dr Kishore Ingole, GMC and Dr Vijay Agrawal of Yavatmal Municipal Hospital were present.Pulse polio immunization programme is being organized in the district for the last 12 years and the number of polio-affected has gone down considerably. 2,299 centres were set up in rural areas while 250 in urban areas. Children between 0-5 years of age were administered polio drops. The drive will last for the next five days in rural areas and three days in urban areas, sources said.The drive in rural area was inaugurated at village Nayagaon of Babhulgaon tehsil by Yavatmal ZP president Pravin Deshmukh. Also present were sitting MLC Sandeep Bajoria, ZP CEO Navalkishore Ram and DHO Rachkuntawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12688553", "title": "Narayani Shastri steps it up!", "text": "Narayani Shastri is all set to dance into your hearts again...Narayani Shastri has been a part of a reality show Zara Nachke Dikha. So as she embarks upon playing a Raai dancer called Gulabia in 'Phir Subah Hogi', a show that premieres on the small screen on April 17, Narayani claims not to have taken any dance lessons for her character. In fact, she was shown some footage by the director, and she is known to have picked up the steps in a jiffy.Narayani is excited about the role, and says it'll be something different and unique. The girl has earlier acted in serials such as Kkusum and Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12685696", "title": "Beautician course starts in red light area", "text": "VARANASI: To ensure proper rehabilitation of sex workers of Shivdaspur red light area and end their dependency on flesh trade to earn livelihood, the technical education department, in association with Gudia, an NGO, organised a six-month beautician course on a school premises in Shivdaspur, Manduadih from Saturday. The programme will continue under the direction of the Women Welfare department, Varanasi division.While addressing the inaugural function of the training programme, divisional deputy chief probationary officer O P Sainik said the training programme would enable the women dwelling in the area to start their own venture. He expected that this measure would strengthen them economically as well as socially. The training programme is free of cost and has no age bar. A certificate will also be provided after the completion of the course.According to spokesperson Narendra Kumar Tiwari, apart from the training programme, women from red light area have also been identified for different types of pensions, ration cards and voter identity cards which will be made available soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12686716", "title": "Staff crunch hits BJB autonomous College", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: BJB autonomous College, a premier educational institute in Odisha, is facing acute shortage of teachers in several departments. There are some departments which are running with only one teacher.\"Due to shortage of teachers, classes are also not held properly and most of the time our syllabus is not completed in time. We are forced to go for private tuitions,\" said Pritipuspa Nayak, a student.In departments such as physics, Sanskrit and Hindi are being run by a single faculty member, while the departments of mathematics, zoology and statics have to do with only two teachers.\"If teachers are not appointed immediately, we would be forced to close down some departments. The lone teacher in the physics department will retire this month and there is no second person to run the show after that. The state government is aware of the facts but no steps are being taken,\" said a teacher requesting anonymity.The biggest problem is that the rate of superannuation is faster than the recruitment procedure and this problem is likely to increase within two-three years. There are only 67 teaching staffs for over 1000 students in three departments.\"We have informed the government about the problem several times. Not only teachers, but there are also shortage of other technical and non-technical staff in the college. We must thank God that the college is running. There are delays in conducting examination and releasing of results,\" said Rajesh Nanda, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686390", "title": "There are allegations of nepotism: Sohini", "text": "Rudraprasad Sengupta and his daughter, Sohini, have been inspired by the works of Naseeruddin Syed from Bangladesh .The duo has performed in Bangladesh on quite a number of occasions and is happy to be a part of the literary exchange programme that is seeing a host of authors and theatre persons from both sides of the border share the stage. They talk about the ties that bind them, their driving force and what they are going to present at the Maitree Bandhan Literary Festival, presented by The Times of India. Excerpts:How difficult is it to create one's own identity when one is born into a family of stalwarts?Sohini : It's partly easy and partly very difficult. It's easy because there are things that I have got which take time for others to experience. But then, I am always judged according to a set parameter. The question always asked is whether I am good enough or not. Then there are allegations of nepotism and Nandikar being an all-in-the-family group. Even if I were to naturally deserve something, I know I have to work doubly hard to get it simply because I don't want people to say that I got it by being my parents' daughter.Rudraprasad : When Sohini was very young, she had once asked me questions about certain problems in society. I had told that instead of highlighting what she isn't getting, she should concentrate on what she has got. She has access to so much because of her family. Her saying that 'it's partly easy and partly very difficult' is a description, not a response. Ultimately, she has got a better deal than most of her peers.Can this comparison model and the family connect make a creative person feel stifled at times?S : While other members of my group go on holidays, I have no such thing. There are times when I too want to break free. But I can't do that. I realize that I have chosen to dedicate my life to theatre and this is how it shall be. I can't keep any secrets from my parents. That is a pressure I wish I shouldn't have given them.R : It can't be possible for us to only share happiness and not grief. As far as not getting a holiday is concerned, that's no big deal. Sometimes politicians complain of not enjoying any individual liberty.Share one attribute about each other that few know ...S : My father, who comes across as a serious person, has an amazing sense of humour. I remember we were in a desert in Kuwait where he stood in the blazing heat and cracked adult jokes about camels! Another thing about my father is that he is a paradox of sorts. While on the one hand he can be a bit of a conservative, he is also ready to accept the views of others. He is a modern man in the true sense of the term.R : By nature, Sohini is very open and doesn't keep secrets. She is a bit like her mother. As far as I am concerned, I know when to be guarded. These might be related to some existential crisis and I don't like sharing them since I know that doing so will increase their pain and not bring any relief to me. Sohini is a little quick-tempered but I must add that she is also a very warm person.One quality of each other you wish you had imbibed ...S : I wish, I could be as non-judgmental as my father. At 77, he rehearses with Nandikar every day from 11 am to 7 pm. His complete faith in theatre is also something I aspire to have. He can forgo his celebrity aura and interact with a layman. That's something I still haven't been able to do.R : I envy Sohini's ability to make friends easily. Who gets most jittery just before a production?S : Baba, Ma and I are all very jittery before a show. We all rush to the restroom a number of times before the show is set to begin. Baba constantly rehearses the lines. Ma is also quite edgy. I am either all smiles or too irritable.R : There is no set reaction pattern as such. Since I am the seniormost, I have to keep my nervousness in control and not express it publicly.How does it feel to share the stage with each other?S : The three of us first came together on stage in 1996 for \"Gotraheen\". So many other plays followed. We will be staging \"Nachni\" soon on the Nachni tradition in Purulia. While Baba will play the elder Rasik, Ma will play the elderly Nachni and me the younger one. It will take another five to six months to get ready with the production.R : Way back in the '80s, Sohini did \"Natyokarer Sandhane\" with us. Then, she also acted as a replacement for some artistes. \"Nachni\" will be an interesting production. What's your offering for the Maitree Bandhan programme?S : We will be staging \"Amar Priyo Rabindranath\" that has been scripted by my mother. It will have members of Nandikar on stage.R : \"APR\" has a refreshing simplicity that I really like. It is ornamental without ornaments. Have you ever thought of having a branch of Nandikar in Bangladesh?R : One Nandikar in Kolkata is good enough.What's it about theatre in Bangladesh that you like?R : They have connected so well with their roots and ended up creating a separate non-Pakistani and non-Indian identity for themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12681182", "title": "19-year-old girl commits suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 19-year-old girl, who was working in a textile mill in the city, was found hanging inside her hostel room on Tuesday morning. Police suspect that it was a case of suicide. The deceased has been identified as R Saranya, a resident of Paramakudi near Pudukottai.She was working with the textile mill at Achanaickenpatti near Sulur. No suicide note was seen near the body and her fellow workers were also clueless. The body was taken to her native place after conducting an autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12681307", "title": "Over 1 lakh kids given polio drops in city", "text": "COIMBATORE: Polio vaccines were administered to as many as 3,18,697 infants in Coimbatore district on Sunday. Specially deputed health workers administered the drops to children below the age of five at primary health centres, railway stations, bus stands and community centres.Corporation Commissioner T K Ponnusamy said 1,19,455 infants were administered with the vaccine in the city corporation limits. Corporation had arranged 26 centres across the city to administer the drop and there were 29 mobile units to reach out to those who failed to turn up voluntarily. District collector M Karunagaran said over 6,274 government employees were engaged in the task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12686039", "title": "Parties agitated over BSL attitude", "text": "BOKARO: Political leaders of almost all the regional and national parties are up in arms against the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) for showing an indifferent attitude to providing jobs and compensation to the displaced people of the area.The growing problem of the evicted people, if not addressed, may affect the expansion project of BSL which is aimed at enhancing production capacity to 17 million tonnes by 2020. BSL and leaders of AJSU Party, Congress, Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (JVM), Bhartiya Janta Party (BJP), Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM), Jharkhand Navnirman Sena (JNS) and others are at loggerheads over the issue of displace people. MLAs and MPs of the district have also expressed dissatisfaction against BSL. Spurt in demonstrations launched by political parties, displaced groups and unions has disturbed the peace of this industrial town. Political leaders have even threatened to launch major agitations against BSL in the coming days. The issue is - most want BSL to provide jobs in bulk to about 8000 displaced persons, while the BSL management has declared that it has already provided jobs to 16000. The leaders said the company, at the time of acquiring their land, had promised to provide jobs to 24,000 identified displaced persons, so there are still 8000 jobs left.Though the issue has been there for the last few years, the recent announcement made by BSL about seeking people for the 64 vacant posts of attendant-cum-technician trainees, without giving expected preference to the displaced people, has stoked the fire. In the coming days, the town is going to witness a series of agitations launched by different political parties and displaced groups. Congress MLA Chandrashekhar Dubey, along with hundreds of supporters, brought out a torchlight procession on Sunday. He threatened economic blockade of BSL soon. \"The company has to provide 8000 more jobs. BSL is not giving genuine preference to the displaced persons. We will not tolerate injustice with them,\" said Dubey.Chandankyari MLA Umakant Rajak of AJSUP has threatened disruption of transport of raw material on May 30 if his demand for jobs and compensation are not met. \"BSL has always cheated displaced people of the area. We are ready to fight the battle, and are preparing for it,\" said Rajak. Bokaro MLA and JVM leader Samresh Singh is also preparing to start a rath (chariot) yatra from May 16 in the 64 villages surrounding BSLwith an aim to unite displaced people. He would also hold a massive demonstration in front of the BSL administrative building on MaBSL's chief of communication Sanjay Tiwari said preference to displaced locals would be considered according to the Supreme Court judgment in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12682185", "title": "Haj subsidy only once in a lifetime: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has informed the Supreme Court that it has decided to restrict Haj pilgrimage at government subsidy to Muslims only as a \"once in a lifetime\" affair as against the existing policy of \"once in five years\".In an affidavit filed before the SC, the government said the new guidelines have been framed to ensure that priority is given to those applicants who have never performed Haj.\"This is a major change introduced for the first time. Restrict the number of pilgrimages to a Haj applicant through HCOI (Haj Committee of India) to 'once in a lifetime' as against the existing 'once in five years'. This will ensure that the Haji will benefit from government subsidy only once in his/her lifetime. It will also ensure that priority is given to those applicants who have never performed Haj,\" the Centre said.The government, however, refrained from disclosing the amount of subsidy being incurred by it for 2012 saying, \"The exact figure in respect of the travel subsidy to the pilgrims going through HCOI for 2012 will be known after the Hajis completed their Haj journey and return to India.\"According to the government, priority will be given to those who are in the 70-plus category and those who had unsuccessfully applied thrice earlier for the subsidy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12682107", "title": "Chief Minister petitioned over exam 'malpractice'", "text": "PANAJI: Twenty-four Class X students from an exam centre in Ponda and their parents have submitted a memorandum to the Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education and chief minister Manohar Parrikar alleging malpractice against their block supervisor at the exam and have demanded action against the supervisor.After the Class X mathematics paper was held on April 9, the 24 students from block 21 of A J de Almeida High School, which is a centre for the Goa board examination, had alleged that the supervisor had snatched their answersheets 15 minutes before time.The students said that the answersheets were taken away from them at 12.15pm itself, when the exam was to end at 12.30pm and students in neighbouring blocks were still writing their exams when the 24 students from block 21 were forced to leave their exam hall.When the students narrated the incident to their parents waiting outside the centre to pick them up after the exams, the parents were furious as many of the students were reportedly crying as a result of the incident. The parents called up officials of the Goa board as well as the director of education, Anil Powar, to complain. Powar assured them that action would be taken against the supervisor if found to be errant.Goa board officials said that their exam conductor reported that no malpractice had taken place. This led the parents to submit a memorandum to the chief minister, who is also the education minister, demanding action for the examination malpractice. Parents said that the students have been left traumatized as Class X public examination is an important milestone in their life, for which students begin preparation a year in advance to attain a score which can be their ticket to higher education of their choice.Students said that 15 minutes is a considerable time at such an exam as one can solve quite a few problems within the time. \"We kept telling the supervisor that the bell which goes off at 12.15pm is only the first warning bell. But the supervisor paid no heed to our cries and continued taking away our papers,\" an affected student said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682104", "title": "Fraud accused opens fire in residential locality", "text": "JAIPUR: The natives of Bajrang Vihar locality in Vishwakarma area were shocked when a man, an accused in Rs 12 lakh cheating case, opened fire in air. He fled from the scene immediately after his 'act'.The incident took place on Sunday evening when the accused identified as Ved Prakash went to collect his belongings from his rented accommodation. Since he was not paying the rent and was booked in a cheating case of Rs 12 lakh, the natives of the colony, especially the other tenants of the house where he was also a tenant, resisted when he tried to take his luggage and other items from the house.\"The natives had a confrontation with Ved Prakash. Later, he opened fire. Spotting this all the tenants and other people in the locality dispersed and informed the police,\" said Anoop Singh, circle inspector of the nearby Harmada police station.Singh added that accused Ved is booked in a cheating case of land fraud at JDA police station in the city. \"One of the victims Riyaz had lodged a case of cheating against him some months back. Since police from JDA police station was after him, he was not residing in his rented accommodation for the past two months. On Sunday, he came to take all his luggage and when people resisted to it, he opened fire,\" Singh added.A case under appropriate sections of IPC and Arms Act has been registered against the accused and efforts are on to nab him.Asked if he fired from a licensed gun or a country-made pistol, Singh said, \"Nobody from the locality could make that out. We are matching a few clues and he would be arrested soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12686004", "title": "Deer relocation sparks protest", "text": "HAZARIBAG: People of the DVC Chandrapura Thermal Power Station have protested the relocation of 60 spotted deer (Chital) from the Central Deer Park, developed by the company 30 years ago. The deer were supposed to be shifted to Hazaribag Wild Life Sanctuary by the authorities of Wild Life Division here.\"When the DVC authorities were trying to load the spotted deer in the vehicle the villagers opposed it and did not allow them to load the animals,\" said Wild Life Division DFO R N Mishra. Mishra had sent a team, headed by wildlife range officer Gopal Chandra along with NGO Neo Human Foundation Centre chief Satya Prakash, to receive the animals from the park at Chandrapura. tnnThe team went in specially designed trucks, with enclosure, to protect the animals from heat and infection.The relocation was necessary because the Central Zoo Authority of India (CZAI) had cancelled the registration of the park in 2009. The registration was cancelled since the DVC authorities did not follow the directives and norms laid down to manage the park.The DFO said, after bringing the deer here they will be kept under observation for six months where they will be provided natural food like green grasses and water. Once the deer acclimatize themselves, they will be released into the forest so that they can lead their normal life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12682229", "title": "Socio-economic survey of district 98% finished", "text": "NASHIK: The district administration has completed the district socio-economic survey but for 80 groups, where the corrupt have slowed its progress. \"We have completed 98% of the work. Reinspection of the survey has also been done,\" said zilla parishad chief executive officer (CEO) Ranjeet Mehta.Nashik district is leading in the state regarding work on the survey. Though talathi associations and government bodies announced non-cooperation, the administration with the help of secondary teachers and talathis, besides staff from some other departments, ensured that work went on.\"It is indeed surprising that the government offices failed to cooperate with rural development agency for the survey. Be it the health department, the agriculture department , the revenue department, the labour department and others, all of them use the same data for implementing their schemes for the benefit of the society. Either way, work on the survey was carried out well,\" said department sources.The CEO said that the ZP was responsible for the survey in rural areas only. \"The data provided by the census department has gone corrupt. Hence, the survey, which requires the ones carrying it out to simply put tick marks or select options in the form, will be completed in a month's time. The computer has selected the areas and the pockets that have to be re-surveyed by the supervisors. After the survey is done, it will be open for people to raise objections to the findings, and in a month's time after that, the same will be submitted to the state government,\" Mehta added.Meanwhile, the survey in the urban areas has been delayed. The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is carrying out the survey in urban areas and it has been about 84% completed.\"There were some problems in gathering data in the beginning and later the elections applied the brakes on the progress. However, the issues have been sorted out and we are sure that the survey will be completed in the span of two months, after which the process of objections will be carried out,\" sources from the NMC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687689", "title": "Australia Miss Earth promotes the \u2018Earth Diet\u2019", "text": "Australia Miss Earth Liana Werner Grey talks about her mission for a healthy living and more.She wears many hats from being the former Australia Miss Earth to a Hollywood actress, a television and theater personality and finally an health activist. Liana Werner Grey, who has been on a mission to promote Earth Diet, a diet plan developed by herself that includes eating only live fruits and juices for a healthy living, and natural therapies as opposed to pharmaceuticals and chemical medicines.Liana, currently working for her non profitable organization Alive, advocates that we should maintain a natural diet which has the capability of curing diseases like cancer as well. She says, \"We don't need anything to kill cancer, if we maintain a natural diet like having beet root juice everyday, cancer wouldn't survive in our body as beet root is very healthy for our body. Various eatables like cereal, ginger, sugarcane, carrot etc are really good for health and should be eaten daily. \"This she claims has support from various doctors and other medical practitioners as well. She says, \"We have many doctors supporting us as well in our cause who believe in doing away from chemical medicines. We are running our campaign not just against cancer, but this diet has the power to cure many other serious diseases as well like depression and diabetes etc.\"She adds, \"This kind of diet is like an investment for life. Instead of spending huge sums of money on medical treatments, one should spend daily on good food and live healthy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12685727", "title": "Three non-Congress CMs to meet Jayalalithaa?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three non-Congress chief ministers, who are opposed to setting up of the National Counter-Terrorism Centre, are likely to meet their Tamil Nadu counterpart J Jayalalithaa separately here on Monday to evolve a strategy against the proposed anti-terror body.Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , Punjab's Parkash Singh Badal and Orissa CM Naveen Patnaik are expected to meet Jayalalithaa separately at the Tamil Nadu Bhawan here.The chief ministers are here to attend the conference on onternal security convened by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh here on Monday.All the four chief ministers have publicly expressed their opposition to the NCTC which led the Centre to put the move on hold and convene a separate meeting of chief ministers on May 5. They had called the move to set up NCTC was against the federal structure.During their meeting with Jayalalithaa, Modi and other leaders would discuss a strategy to be adopted at the May 5 meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "peshawar", "code": "12683172", "title": "Taliban storm Pakistan prison, free 384 inmates", "text": "PESHAWAR: Scores of Taliban insurgents, armed with automatic weapons and rocke tpropelled grenades, stormed a prison in Pakistan's northwestern town of Bannu and freed around 400 prisoners, including dozens of terrorists, on Sunday.Officials described at least 23 of the escapees as \"very dangerous militants\" and identified one as Adnan Rashid, who was sentenced to death for an attack on former president Pervez Musharraf .The raid is a major setback for Pakistan's security forces that have gained considerable ground against the Taliban in the tribal region bordering Afghanistan .\"Once inside the prison, the attackers first headed towards a barrack where deathrow prisoners including Adnan Rashid were kept. These people came for him and maybe around 20 other hardcore militants but freed more than 350 other prisoners too,\" provincial information minister Mian Iftikhar Hussain said. \"We will investigate why militants were able to carry out such an attack successfully and what the security officials were doing,\" he said.Official sources said the insurgents stormed the prison around 1:00 am and fired indiscriminately for more than two hours. They said 384 out of 944 prisoners were freed. \"The attackers used explosives and hand grenades to blow up the main gates and walls of the prison. They also fired rockets ,\" said Bannu prison superintendent Zahid Khan.He said four police guards and several prisoners were wounded in the gunfire. \"The attackers outnumbered the security forces and fled before reinforcements came.\"Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack. \"We attacked the Bannu prison and got our special members freed,\" a news agency quoted Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan as saying. \"In a couple of days when all of them have reached their designated places, we will issue details about them.\"Officials said a large number of militants had recently been moved to Bannu Central Jail from prisons in neighbouring towns, which were being converted into rehabilitation centers for former insurgents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681866", "title": "5 regional NSDs to come up soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Drama is all set to get a major boost in the country with the government planning to set up five regional schools of the National School of Drama - in Bangalore, Kolkata, Maharashtra or Goa, J&K; and one in the northeast.They will function as independent, autonomous NSDs having their own repertory companies.\"While these new NSDs will be free to draw upon the experience of NSD, New Delhi, each will be allowed to grow on its own,\" the Planning Commission said.According to the commission, while NSD has been reluctant to set up these schools as autonomous centres under the umbrella of NSD, Kannada theatre, Bangla theatre and other language theatres have been wary of being called regional or satellite centres of NSD. States will therefore now set up their own version of NSD with the culture ministry deeming it a central scheme.Setting up these five centers is expected to cost around Rs 50 crore.The Planning Commission said, \"This was a proposal initiated for the 11th Plan but none of the proposed regional schools could be set up, except the one at Bangalore which also is not progressing beyond its stage of infancy. The NSD at New Delhi cannot do full justice with language theatre and there is a case for having, in the long run, a chain of NSDs catering to each of the languages listed in the 8th Schedule to the Constitution.\"It added that India's traditional and contemporary cultural expressions were so diverse and spread out that no centralized academy or agency could do full justice with the demands of the sector.\"Many of the State Akademies set up by various state governments are in disarray. Central government needs to partner with the state governments in making the Akademies play an important role in preserving and promoting performing, visual and literary arts of each state. An average assistance of about Rs 2 crore will be provided to the Akademies of each state over a period of five years,\" the commission added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681125", "title": "One held in Rs 22 lakh hacking scam", "text": "MUMBAI: An Andheri resident, who was one of the beneficiaries of a hacking scam in which Rs 22 lakh was siphoned off from a businessman's bank account, has been arrested. Harikishan Sharma (51) was held after the cyber police found that a few lakhs were transferred into his account.The complaint came to light after a businessman from Bhandup, who runs a small-scale steel manufacturing factory, filed a complaint that Rs 22 lakh was siphoned off from the company's Axis Bank account. In July last year, the company received an email, purportedly from Axis Bank, asking them to update their accounts.The company had Rs 26.5 lakh in their account at that time. But at the end of the month, while checking the monthly bank statement, the firm's accountants saw that there was only Rs 4.96 lakh in the account. After a complaint to Bhandup police, the cyber police took up the case. Probe revealed that someone had hacked into the company account and made 34 transfers to various accounts. And those beneficiaries were found to have withdrawn the money using the ATM card on the same day of the transfers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682644", "title": "'Isolation for Hindi bloggers has ended'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An emerging class of lovers of Hindi blogosphere got an opportunity for a tete-e-tete with contemporary online writers at the Chandigarh Literary Festival, 2012. From a handful of bloggers who used Hindi language on the web in 2006, to now lakhs of them active on the blogosphere, witnessing the journey itself has been exciting, said young writers at the fest on Sunday.Among writers who believe in our culture and technology both, was Pratyaksha Sinha. Working as chief manager, finance, Powergrid Corporation, Gurgaon, Sinha has persistently followed her passion to write Hindi novels and stories.Both contemporary authors of Hindi novels and poetry, Sinha along with Geet Chaturvedi were here to participate at the Lit Fest for a session, \"Teri Meri Kahani,\" on Sunday.Talking about her flair for writing on the web, Sinha while talking to TOC said, \"With Hindi Wikipedia and scores of blogs now, the isolation has vanished when it comes to blogging in our native language.\"She said that the upsurge of a new generation of Hindi writers, authors and poets has been a gift for the literary world.\"Years ago, English used to be the only medium of blogging. Even a single word of Hindi typed on search engines never showed any results on the web a few years ago and now there are an array of options, be it research or writing or sharing content,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12681273", "title": "Break in at farmhouse in Kalapatti", "text": "COIMBATORE: An eight-member gang of robbers robbed a couple of 11 sovereigns of gold ornaments and Rs 1.50 lakh after entering their home in L N Nagar near Kalapatti in the outskirts of the city between 1.15am and 2.15am on Sunday. The robbers tied up the house owner and his wife and decamped with jewels and cash in a car, family members reported.According to police, the stolen ornaments include the mangalsutra of 40-year-old S Sarojini, who was tied up along with her husband P Somasundaram (52), by the robbers. A farmer, Somasundaram had developed the seven-acre farm and built a house on it some years ago. He was staying there with wife, Sarojini, and daughter, S Pavithra (16). Apart from growing pulses and cereals, Somasundaram also reared cows and supplied milk to various households in the locality. Pavithra, a class 10 student of Chandra Matriculation School at Kalapatti, was at her uncle's house in Sirumugai when the robbers struck.Somasundaram told police that there was no electricity between Saturday midnight and 1am on Sunday. The couple had waited outside the house during the power outage and had not locked the front door when they went in to sleep after power returned. The robbers came in a car and attempted to break in by removing roof tiles. When they discovered that the front door was not locked, the gang entered the house and tied up the couple using saris. Old clothes were stuffed into their mouth to prevent them from calling for help. Three men went around and collected the ornaments and cash while five others stood on guard. The gang warned the couple against informing police or neighbours and left with the booty.The robbers spoke Tamil and looked to be in the age group of 25-30, Somasundaram told police.The couple could untie themselves after a laborious effort that took about an hour. Then, Somasundaram walked to a petrol pump, an hour's walk away from his house, and called police. A police team headed by deputy police commissioner T Senthil Kumar soon arrived at the spot and started investigation. Two special teams have been formed to nab the robbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nakkapalli (visakhapatnam)", "code": "12681013", "title": "Congressmen trying to destabilise state government: Kiran", "text": "NAKKAPALLI (VISAKHAPATNAM): Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Sunday used Praja Patham programme to tell the people that some Congressmen are trying to destabilise the state government while some others are doing their best to divide the state.Launching the Praja Patham programme at Nakkapalli in the district on Sunday, Kiran said after he took over as the chief minister, the opposition parties have orchestrated a campaign to bring down the government. \"While former chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy rebuilt the party brick by brick in the state, his son Jaganmohan Reddy is making all efforts to destroy Congress,\" he said.Referring to Praja Patham, Kiran Kumar Reddy said the programme would be held till May 5 and will cover around 22,888 villages and 5,000 municipal wards in the state. The chief minister said the Sakala Janula Samme in the Telangana region and the lack of sufficient rains has created a power crisis in the state. However, the government is taking steps to tackle the crisis by purchasing power from other states and ensuring seven hours of free power to farmers in the state.This year, the CM said the government would sanction around Rs 11,500 crore as loans to women. Referring to the Polavaram tender process, Kiran Kumar said a decision on it would be taken very soon. The CM also announced some concessions for Nakkapalli including the setting up of a degree college, upgradation of the government hospitals and a residential school for the children of fisher folk at a cost of Rs 7.5 crore. He also granted around 3,000 LPG connections for the residents of Nakkapalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12686386", "title": "Cargo at Indore airport will help agri-business: Singh", "text": "INDORE: A cargo hub at the Indore airport will transform business- especially agri-based- around Indore said the union minister for civil aviation Ajit Singh after formally inaugurating the new airport terminal building of the Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Airport here on Saturday.He urged the state government to consider allotting additional land near the airport to Airport Authority of India (AAI) so as to help its expansion.The minister announced that Gwalior and Khajuraho airports will be developed under the XIIth five-year plan. \"The new integrated terminal of the airport has all the facilities of an international airport and it would not take much time to grant it status of international airport,\" said Singh.He pointed that air travel has no more remained an elite mode of transport as more and more people are using air services to fly in the domestic sector.He said the ATF expenses include 40 to 50% of operation cost of airlines and the increasing cost of ATF is hitting the aviation industry badly, which is going through a difficult financial situation. Singh said the state government should support expansion of aviation in tier-II and III cities by reducing taxes on ATF.He hoped that despite financial problems in the aviation industry, sector is expected to grow by 15% over the next ten years. Keeping this in mind, the ministry is planning to develop 60 airports in tier II and III cities and additional airports at metros on public private partnership in the next few years. \"Our focus is to connect small cities with small aircraft,\" said Singh, adding that smaller aircraft connecting small cities hold the key to future growth of industry.On Kingfisher airlines , the minister said the airlines has given new schedule and they are abiding by it for a month now. \"As long as they abide by their schedule the licence will not be cancelled,\" Singh said. He, however, ruled out any bailout package by the Union government for Kingfisher airlines.He also added that the government has made clear to Air India to reduce its cost and perform as per industry standard else the government will not continue to bail out them with public money. \"We are implementing some of the suggestion of Justice D M Dharmadhikari committee and hope that it will improve the condition of Air India,\" said Singh.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said currently 22 districts in the state have air strips and the government is working to develop air strips in all the 50 districts. He also emphasized on promotion of aircraft to connect small centres. \"In this budget, we have reduced 5% VAT on ATF and government is willing to provide land for expansion of Indore airport, even though acquiring land is little difficult in Indore,\" Chouhan said.Union minister of state, commerce and industry, Jyotiraditya Scindia and MP Sumitra Mahajan also supported the long pending demand for international status to Indore airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681095", "title": "Pensioner wins fight for delayed dues", "text": "CHENNAI: Highlighting the plight of pensioners denied dues because of the indifference of bank officials', S S Radhakrishnan, 64, has won a favourable order from the District Consumer Disputes' Redressal Forum.A bench of V Gopal, president, and L Deenadayalan, member, has ordered Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) to pay interest at the rate applicable to credit card loans (of 24%) on the enhanced pension amount which was belatedly paid and a compensation of 10,000.In his complaint, Radhakrishnan of Besant Nagar said his pension was credited to the account he held with an IOB branch in his locality. His pension was revised from 6,021 to 13,609 with effect from January 1, 2006 as per a resolution of the Union government.A subsequent memorandum from the department said 40% of the arrears would have to be paid by September 30, 2008 while the remaining would be done in 2009-10. However, Radhakrishnan said the arrears of 30,761 were credited after a delay of 14 days on October 14, 2008 instead. Though the Union government had issued a similar memorandum that the second installment of arrears be credited before November 30, 2008, this was done only in May 2009 - after a delay of 152 days. The amount due in this case was 1,05,342. Finding strength in Radhakrishnan's contentions, the bench ruled that the delay in crediting the revised pension arrears amounted to deficiency in service.Allowing the complaint, the bench directed bank authorities to pay interest at the rate applicable to credit card loans for 30,761 from October 1 to October 14, 2008 and also for 1,05,342 from December 1, 2008 to May 2, 2009. The bench also directed that Radhakrishnan be paid 10,000 as compensation for mental agony and 3,000 as cost of the complaint.\"I have got my money. There are officials from several banks who are not doing their job even now. Retired people may not know they are not getting their rightful dues because to the indifference of bank staff. Lakhs of pensioners might benefit from this judgment,\" Radhakrishnan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681141", "title": "Woman held for assault on husband", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a woman who inflicted blade injuries on her husband after she learnt his illicit affair with a woman at Kasimedu on Saturday night.The victim P Rajesh, 28, is battling for life in Government Stanley Hospital.Police said Rajesh of Kasimedu had an affair with a woman in the nearby locality. His wife Sudha, 24, who learned about the incident, warned him to sever ties with the woman. When he refused to listen to his wife, she went to the woman's house where she found her husband. Upset over this, Sudha attacked Rajesh using a blade.Fishing Harbour police arrested her and are interrogating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12681772", "title": "'Poacher' nabbed at Chorla ghat", "text": "PANAJI: A man toting a gun and walking along the road at Chorla ghat on Goa's border with Karnataka was nabbed by forest department officials on Sunday morning.The gun was loaded, but it had not been fired, sources said. The incident was reported along the Sanquelim-Belgaum road in the ghat areas. \"The limits of the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary overlap the road in some parts,\" a source said. But it was not known whether the man was caught inside the sanctuary limits.The man with the muzzle loading gun was detained for questioning. But no further details were available.However, poaching in this area had come down after the case drew a lot of heat and dust, a forest official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683275", "title": "Oshiwara accused admits murdering missing BMW owner", "text": "Vijay Palande, the prime accused in the Oshiwara murder of Arun Tikku, has 'confessed' to murdering missing BMW car owner Karankumar Kakkar, to grab his vehicle. Police recovered the vehicle from Pune on Sunday and are searching for Kakkar's body before officially confirming that he is dead.A source said that Palande told police that he had dumped Kakkar's body on the Mumbai-Goa route. Different police teams were sent to various spots on the Mumbai-Goa and Mumbai-Pune routes to trace the body but they had not found anything till late Sunday night. A senior police officer added Palande was frequently changing his statement.Pratap Dighavkar, deputy commissioner of police (zone-9 ), who interrogated the accused four hours on Sunday said, \"We are verifying whatever Palande told us and our investigation is moving in the right direction. We traced the BMW car to Pune and are enquiring about the whereabouts of its owner.\"Palande had ordered his two associates, Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh, to kill Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku at the latter's Oshiwara apartment. He had convinced Tikku's son Anuj to accompany him out of Mumbai so he wouldn't be around at the time of his father's murder, and planned to later kill Anuj too.However, the plan went awry after a member of the Oshwiara housing society noticed the dying Arunkumar shouting for help at the window.The investigation in the case opened a can of worms. After Palande's arrest in the case, police learnt he was also involved in Kakkar's kidnapping. Amboli police, which was investigating Kakkar's disappearance, arrested Palande's girlfriend, small-time model Simran Sood in the case. Simran was living with Palande at Oberoi Springs. Kakkar too lived in the housing society and Simran had introduced him to Palande. Kakkar's last message , before he went missing on March 5, was to a friend saying that Palande was taking him to introduce him to a financer who could fund his production house plans.Police suspect that Palande probably killed Kakkar to grab his BMW car and jewellery worth Rs 12 lakh. The BMW was found in a Pune housing society in the possession of one Rahul Mane. Police said Palande first told them Mane was a relative but later claimed he was just a friend.Amboli police recorded Mane's statement on Sunday, who told them that Palande and his accomplice, Dhananjay Shinde, parked the vehicle in the building. The accused had not changed the BMW's number plate, police said.Police say documents found in the Mercedes that was in Palande's possession had a Vasai address, but the owner was not be found there. While Palande has told investigators that the Mercedes owner is abroad, police suspect he could have killed that car's owner too and is misleading them.Police have given the car's chassis number to Mercedes, seeking details about the person to whom it had been sold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12682120", "title": "One-of-its-kind cultural centre opens in Bhondsi", "text": "GURGAON: Cultural venues in Gurgaon are limited, both in terms of space and scope. And the Bhuvneshwari Kala Kendra, the new cultural centre in Bhondsi, aims at surpassing both the limitations in its own unique way.For a cultural venue, the 7-acre expanse is spacious enough to hold events big and small, and will boast the biggest art gallery in the NCR. And as for its scope - the facility not only has an art gallery and a theatre for performance arts, but will soon be a one-of-a-kind 'creative camp' open to artists from across the country.The centre is building around 30 accommodation facilities especially for artists.\"Young artists who want the right atmosphere and ambience can stay here for weeks, and work. Not for money. They will work and can choose to contribute their painting or sculpture to our facility, or have a special exhibition at our facility,\" said Praveen Singh, one of the key members of the Kala Kendra.The cultural centre was first set up in 1994 by former Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar whose nephew Praveen has now repackaged and renewed the centre's activities.\"It will be like an artist's village, where you will have all the facilities required,\" Singh added. These include a library, a reading room, books and stationary stores, four fully equipped working studios.According to the president of the Kala Kendra, Kiran Singh, the venue will be hosting art exhibitions, stage shows, along with special art and culture camps regularly \"Now we have got an artist from Varanasi whose exhibition will be up till April 22. We also have a community theatre event. Similar events will keep happening . We will be organizing art fairs and workshops too,\" Kiran said.Representatives of the centre say the privately funded facility will be completed by the next year and a half.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12682262", "title": "Tadoba locals get share in tourism money", "text": "NAGPUR: Two years ago, when the buffer zone to Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) was to be notified, villagers in the area opposed the move. They thought the decision would put restrictions on them. Instead, tigers are bringing money for these very villages in the buffer zone of TATR.The TATR has recently released Rs 27 lakh to 53 villages in the periphery of TATR. Besides, Rs 1.30 crore has also been released under Compensatory Afforestation Fund Management and Planning Authority (CAMPA) for various developmental works.\"The money was collected by us from tourism receipts in the last two years and deposited in the tiger conservation foundation (TCF),\" said V K Sinha, chief conservator of forests (CCF) &amp; field director of TATR. \"This is one of the reasons why we increased gate fee to Rs 500,\" he added.This is for the first time that buffer villages have got their share in tourism money. The amount was deposited in the bank accounts of eco-development committees (EDCs), joint forest management committees (JFMCs) and forest protection committees (FPCs). Of the 53 villages, 16 have EDCs while others have JFMC and FPCs.\"We have fulfilled our promise made last year to the villagers,\" said Sinha. It is learnt that business majors BILT and Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) have also offered help to villages in buffer.Notifying buffer zones around tiger reserves has become mandatory under the tiger conservation plan (TCP) after amendments in Section 38V of the Wildlife Protection Act (1972) on September 4, 2006. The TCP aims at protection of tiger reserve and providing site specific habitat inputs for a viable population of tigers, co-predators and prey animals.The villages include Bhagwanpur in Mul where Botezari and part of Kolsa villages inside TATR have been resettled. \"There was a demand for solar lights in Bhagwanpur. The amount will be utilised for that,\" said Sinha.Most of the amount will be spent on procuring cooking gas as these villages put huge biotic pressure on forests for firewood. These villages are in the process of finalizing their micro plans after which more aid is expected.An amount of Rs 3.50 lakh has also been granted under the centrally sponsored scheme (CSS) to repair gobar gas units in villages around Tadoba. These units were non-functional for years together for want of spare parts.\"It's not a big amount but symbolic to send a message that buffer zone is bringing money. If not much, Rs 51,000 can help at least 17 villagers procure cooking gas. We've asked the committees not to make any discrimination while preparing list of beneficiaries. More money from other government sources will flow in,\" Sinha told TOI.Bandu Dhotre, founder of wildlife protection NGO Eco-Pro, hailed the move. \"It will ensure integrity of TATR and promote co-existence between wildlife and human activity,\" Dhotre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "12683053", "title": "Qatar: Richest nation is global obesity capital", "text": "DUBAI: With over half of its population overweight, the world's wealthiest country Qatar is the obesity capital of the world.The energy-rich Gulf country, was ranked by Forbes this year as the world's wealthiest country. However, it has seen an increase in obesity related health problems, the UK's Daily Mail said.Half of all adults in the state are classed as obese and 17% are suffering from diabetes , making it the most overweight country in the world.Low levels of exercise and a growing popularity of fast food outlets has led to concern among local health activists. \"It's a very, very serious problem facing future of Qatar,\" Sharoud Al-Jundi Matthis, programme manager at Qatar Diabetes Association, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12683590", "title": "More vehicle-owners in Pune than in Mumbai", "text": "PUNE: The fact that the use of personal motor vehicles like cars and twowheelers have increased over the last 10 years in Pune district is nothing new. What is new though is that the district now has the highest number of households in the state using their own vehicles for commuting.Over the last 10 years, since 2001, Pune district has surpassed even Mumbai (Mumbai central and Mumbai suburban districts) when it comes to the number of households using cars or similar vehicles like jeeps or vans for commuting. These facts are revealed in the Housing Census Data released recently by the Directorate of Census Operations of Maharashtra.Of the 35 districts in the state, Pune has 13.2% households using cars as a mode of commuting, Mumbai suburban district comes second with 12.8% and the central district of Mumbai comes third with 12.6%.However, in 2001, central Mumbai district and Mumbai suburban district were ahead of Pune. The number of households in Pune using cars was 6.5%, which has now more than doubled. Mumbai central district had 9.4% households using cars and Mumbai suburban district had 7.6%. Although the number of households using cars in Mumbai has also increased over the period, it has not moved ahead of Pune district.Overall state figures show that in Maharashtra, the number of households using cars has increased from 3.4% to 5.9% in the last 10 years. The districts which have low number of households using this mode of transport include Gadhchiroli (1.3%), Washim (1.4%), Hingoli (1.7%), Buldhana (1.8%) and Nandurbar, Bhandara , Yavatmal, Nanded and Parbhani (all 1.95%).Meanwhile, there has been a similar growth in the number of households using two-wheelers (motorcycles , scooters and mopeds). As per the census data, Pune district has the highest number of households (48.8%) in the state using two-wheelers . However, use of two-wheelers is not so high in Mumbai central and Mumbai suburban districts. In fact, after Pune, comes Ahmednagar district which has 35.5% households using two-wheelers . The districts which have very low percentages of households using two-wheelers include Gadhchiroli (12.1%) and Nandurbar (12.3%). 16.6% households in Mumbai central district and 15.3% households in Mumbai suburban district use two-wheelers .Commenting on the census data, Harshad Abhyankar of the Save Pune Traffic Movement, an organisation working for sustainable and safe transport facilities, said, \"It is obvious that the increased use of two-wheelers and cars is only because of the poor public transport facilities . The situation worsens as one moves into the interior areas of the district. The network, reach and frequency of state transport buses are not good enough to cater to the transport needs of the citizens there.\"In Mumbai, on the other hand, public transport facilities such as the suburban railway system, bus transport and other facilities are among the best that the country has, Abhyankar said. \"This is the reason why the growth in use of cars and two-wheelers is not much in Mumbai .\"A report of the Central Institute of Road Transport for improvement in public transport in the city also said that an efficient, reliable, regular and affordable bus transport service is essential for Pune. This, the report said, would reduce the use of personal vehicles. The Pune traffic police have also been insisting that public transport in the city should be improved so that people do not use their personal vehicles as frequently.Meanwhile, figures about vehicle registrations released recently by the Regional Transport Office in Pune said that over two lakh vehicles were registered in 2011-12 . Officials said that it is for the first time that the number has crossed the two-lakh mark in one year. The total number of vehicles registered in Pune city has, so far, reached 23.13 lakh. About 74% (17.07 lakh) vehicles in the city are two-wheelers and 14% (3.33 lakh) are cars.RTO officials said that the annual vehicle registration has seen an upward trend over the last four years. In 2008-09 , about 1.23 lakh vehicles were registered, the figure increased to 1.45 lakh in 2009-10 and to 1.86 lakh new vehicles in 2010-11 . The RTO registers as many as 20 types of vehicles every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682390", "title": "'Army of deer led by lion is more feared'", "text": "JAIPUR: In a script seemingly from his own experiences since the time he took over as the Army chief, General V K Singh on Sunday said a leader must have the integrity and character to say what is right.\"Stand for what is right. One should possess integrity and character to say what is right,\" Gen Singh said while addressing school and university students here. The Army chief was speaking on qualities of leadership.\"A leader is able to motivate people to achieve objectives. A good leader has the capability to identify people and motivate them. Managers only manage the environment so that nothing gets interrupted,\" he said.Gen Singh stressed on the need to understand leadership primarily because distinctions between leadership and managers had blurred. For students, it's important to understand the difference between the two, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12682962", "title": "JEE racket busted in Kolkata, 5 impostors held", "text": "Earlier, on Saturday night, a team from Park Street police station arrested five imposters and a Patuli resident, Sadananda Burman, who runs a JEE coaching centre at Lenin Sarani.Police got the clue of the racket after parents of a candidate informed them about the impersonation. \"The victim had also engaged such a dummy in lieu of Rs 1 lakh, but finally he could not succeed which led his family to provide a specific input about Burman,\" said an officer.Burman's interrogation led the cops to pick up five youths lodged at different guest houses and hotels in central Kolkata. They are all BSc students from Bihar. Burman engaged them as dummy candidates to crack JEE. Police said, Burman used to charge Rs 1 to 2 lakh from the candidates to secure a position in JEE engineering. \"Mainly his target was wealthy quota students,\" said another investigator.\"In a night-long raid police picked the dummy candidates and also recovered admit cards,\" said an investigator.The five accused have been identified as Dilip Kumar , Chandan Kumar, Abhijit, Sunny and Rajeev.In another incident a girl from Bihar's Nalanda was arrested for impersonating a JEE candidate. On Sunday morning, invigilators of Khalsa High School in Bhawanipore were taken by surprise when two girls with the same roll number came to take the exam. fell in a peculiar problem after two girls came against same roll number to appear in the examination. The name of the candidate was Puja Singh. While one of the candidate produced an admit card sent by post, the other provided a computer printout of the admit card downloaded from the JEE website.Both were allowed to appear for the exam after discussion with police. Interestingly the photograph printed in the admit card was similar with both candidates. Both are allowed and after discussing with police, both candidates were allowed to appear in the examination.After the first half of the examination, invigilators noticed that the girl who produced the original admit card could not answer most of the questions. They informed police and probe revealed the girl, Khosboo, was paid Rs 5000 from some one to appear for the examination and she was promised that if the candidate secure place then she will be paid more.After interrogating the five fake candidates who were rounded before appearing the examination, police now tracing the original candidates. Police also examine Puja Singh.Earlier similar racket was busted in Kolkata in 2007 where a group of Kolkata based medical students were running the impersonation gang and used to engage dummy candidates from Bihar or UP. In that case police have submitted a charge sheet against 34 accused. In 2010 another racket was busted and CBI is also probing a case where dummy candidates appeared in a national medical entrance examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12685804", "title": "Allahabad University asks students to vacate hostels after examinations", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad University has swung into action to evict illegal occupants from hostels. The university has asked hostlers, both boys and girls, to vacate their rooms within a week after the end of their respective exams.The AU notice, issued by Dean Students Welfare (DSW), Prof RK Singh, directs students to vacate the hostel from the last day of their final exam and handover the keys of rooms to the hostel warden or superintendent. The hostel wardens or superintendents have also been told to submit a report on the number of rooms vacated by the inmates on a daily basis.Copy of the said notice has also been sent to the district magistrate and senior superintendent of police.AU hostlers are charged a fee for residing in the hostel for 10 months (from July to April). As per the rules, the inmates are required to vacate the hostels after their final exams by April 30. Though this rule existed for the past quite sometime, AU had tried to implement the same around four years back but due to pressure from the inmates, the concept of 'Summer Hostel' could not be implemented. Besides, the university has not conducted raids in the hostels for past two sessions. As a result, AU has managed to realise only 60% of the annual fee from hostlers.However, this year this was not done, as it is believed that the vice-chancellor Prof AK Singh finally plans to crackdown on the large number of illegal inmates residing in the hostels for years at a stretch.Recently on directive of vice-chancellor Prof AK Singh, the DSW along with hostel wardens and superintendents carried out a review and found that 12 of the 14 hostels have many illegal occupants.Sources said the university will keep the hostels vacant for two months and then allot rooms from July. AU PRO Prof PK Sahoo confirmed the eviction notice and termed it a step in accordance with the university's existing guidelines.But many hostlers are unhappy with the AU decision. They said competitive exams like PCS(J), civil services, UGC NET etc are scheduled in May and June and leaving hostels at this juncture will impact their preparations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681176", "title": "Cops say man found dead was sexually assaulted", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Sunday found that the suspicious death of a man on Friday night in a lodge in Triplicane was a murder after he attempted sexual assault on a lodge inmate.The death of Srinivasa Rao was earlier registered under suspicious circumstances was found as a murder on Sunday and the police said that they have arrested Thangapandian, 29, who was residing in the lodge.\"Rao was murdered accidentally by Thangapandian while attempting sexual assault on him. It was proved that the crime occurred when he defended Rao who forcefully approached him in a drunken state. The investigation went on to Thangapandian as he disappeared from the lodge after the incident,\" said the police officer.Thangapandian was arrested by the Triplicane police on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12681786", "title": "Ajni police to probe the 'Rs 3Lakh offer' in baby kidnap case", "text": "NAGPUR: The Ajni police team, buoyed by their success of retrieving the kidnapped baby within 24 hours, is now all set to take their probe to the next level. Being offered various unrelated versions, the cops are all set to quiz the accused woman to unearth the real motive behind the act. Police will try to find out about her Rs 3 lakh offer to the mother before the act.The four-day-old boy was kidnapped from the Government Medical College and Hospital last week. Shashikala Jibhkate had requested a woman, later identified as Sujata Gondane, to take care of her baby while she got the X-ray done. She was left stunned as the woman was untraceable.Ajni police, with the help of autorickshaw drivers, ensured the baby was retrieved from Sujata who had started claiming that she was the mother.Senior inspector Rajendra Mayane of Ajni police station said that police is keen to wait until the medical examination of the accused is over before she is arrested.\"The woman in question has claimed that she had already delivered the boy in the autorickshaw where few women helped her to get to the GMCH and later took away the boy thinking it was hers,\" said Mayane. The senior cop also added that Sujata has also claimed that she is suffering from sickle cell disease.PI Mayane also said that the police would also try to find out whether Sujata had made an offer of Rs three lakh to Shashikala for the baby. Shashikala had claimed before the cops at the GMCH police booth personnel that she was offered the money by Sujata but she had refused taking any decision without her husband.Sujata had said that there are several well-off couples who are keen to pay hefty sums for babies. Police now want to probe whether such an offer meant existence of a bigger racket behind the kidnapping of the newborn baby.The GMCH authorities have conducted various clinical examinations on Sujata before suggesting to cops that her claim of pregnancy and delivery may be false. The authorities are now waiting for the final say of the radiologist who is slated to perform the ultrasound test on her on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681436", "title": "MCD polls: East shows the way, rural belts save the blushes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The final trends on turnouts released by the Delhi Election Commission on Sunday night show voters who will form the East Delhi Corporation turned out in largest numbers, followed by voters of North Delhi Corporation and then south Delhi.\"I believe the higher-end colonies have led to the fall in voter turnout in south Delhi. For instance, Vasant Vihar polled just 43% even though it's a huge improvement over its past record of 28% in 2007,\" said state election commissioner Rakesh Mehta.The rural belt lived up to its reputation of voting in large numbers. The Chhawla ward in south Delhi, for instance, registered 62% polling.Mehta said New Ashok Nagar in east Delhi registered a turnout as high as 65%, indicating that the middle class and upper middle class did come out to vote.The election commissioner said voting trends indicate that polling caught up progressively through the day. Between 8 and 10am, the turnout was around 12% across Delhi. It shot up to 35% by 2pm and then gained further momentum to close in the 55% to 60% range by 5.30pm.Although polling was peaceful, the exercise did have its share of problems. There were reports of voting being disrupted for some time as the electronic voting machines developed snags in Gokalpur, Sarita Vihar, Derawal Nagar, Majnu Ka Tila, Mongolpuri, Kishanganj and Mandawali.At some other places eager voters were turned away when their names were found missing from the electoral rolls though they had their Voter ID cards. Rajya Sabha MP Pervez Hashmi and his family members were one of the many who could not vote for this reason.That east Delhi would register the highest turnout was evident since morning. Residents in relatively poor areas such as Mustafabad, Seelampur and Jaffrabad had queued up outside booths since polling began. In more well-off Preet Vihar, Anand Vihar, IP Extension and Mayur Vihar, polling was slow till noon.The Walled City too began poorly but saw brisk voting after 2pm at stations such as Turkman Gate and Bazar Sitaram. Voting in the north was on the whole low in affluent areas like Model Town, Rohini, Pitampura, East Patel Nagar and West Patel Nagar. But the more modest colonies such as Mongolpuri, Kirti Nagar, Mansarovar Park, Narela and Bawana witnessed heavy polling.In south Delhi, morning walkers and elderly made their way to polling booths in places such as CR Park as early as 8am. By noon, booths wore a deserted look in Vasant Kunj, Defence Colony, South Extension and parts of GK. However, in Jankapuri, Vikaspuri and Rajouri Garden, voting picked up after noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12682098", "title": "State gets ready for Union team's visit", "text": "NASHIK: As a Union government team on drought visits Nashik district to review the situation on Monday, the administration is gearing up to ensure that all things are in place. The administration has pressed 66 tankers into service to provide drinking water to 96 villages and 187 hamlets with orders to the tehsildars to start the tankers whenever requests drop in, without wasting time.With Nashik receiving less rainfall this year and with no rainfall in the month of November, the administration was forced to release water from the dam in the month of December itself; usually this happens around January. It was in the month of November that Sinnar tehsil was facing water shortage and a number of villages were already getting water through tankers.The list of villages where the final anewari (crop production percentage) is less than 50 paise released by the district administration includes 72 villages in Nashik tehsil, 155 in Dindori, 126 in Igatpuri, 125 in Trimbakeshwar, 145 in Peth, 11 in Nandgaon, 152 in Kalwan, 36 in Baglan and 191 villages in Surgana tehsil. This is in addition to the 128 villages in Sinnar tehsil, 46 in Devla and 105 in Chandwad announced earlier.Reports from the groundwater surveys and development agency (GSDA) state that Devla tehsil saw 49.64% less rainfall this year than the average rainfall for the last five years, while Sinnar tehsil witnessed 46.72% less rainfall this year. Besides, there is a drastic fall in the groundwater levels in the worst-hit Sinnar and Devla.The situation in Sinnar, Devla and Chandwad is worrisome with all the villages (save seven in Chandwad) falling in the less than 50 paise anewari list. Sinnar already has 10 tankers supplying water to 13 villages and 22 wadis and 1 village in Niphad gets water from one tanker.CM Prithviraj Chauhan, during a review meeting of the district with others at Pune on April 7 announced measures to be undertaken in scarcity-hit villages. The central team visiting the district today will take its findings to the Centre, which will further decide the schemes and package, if at all, to be announced for the region.Tehsils Villages affected*Sinnar 128Nashik 72Dindori 155Igatpuri 126Trimbakeshwar 125Peth 145Nandgaon 11Malegaon 74Kalwan 152Chandwad 105Devla 46Baglan 36Surgana 191* Villages where anewari is less than 50 paise", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12687918", "title": "11 held for gambling", "text": "MYSORE: Acting on a tip-off, the police raided a house in Kuvempunagar M-block and arrested 11 persons , who are aged between 25 and 30 years, for allegedly gambling on Saturday night.Police said Karthik, one of the accused, was organizing gambling in his house. The accused are residents of K R Mohalla, Srirampura, and Kuvempunagar. A case has been registered at Kuvempunagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12687740", "title": "Attacks in Afghanistan: Antony asks forces to be vigilant", "text": "NEW DELHI: Noting that the situation in Afghanistan-Pakistan region continues to be a cause of concern, defence minister A K Antony on Monday asked the armed forces to be more vigilant citing Sunday's attacks in Kabul.\"The situation in Af-Pak region continues to be a cause of concern,\" he said addressing top Army commanders on the first day of a three-day conference here.Antony asked the commanders to be more vigilant and to take appropriate steps in the light of yesterday's developments in Afghanistan which saw a series of suicide bomb attacks, defence ministry officials said.The defence minister also reiterated India's commitment in supporting and assisting Afghanistan for its development.\"India remains steadfast in its commitment to provide support and assistance to Afghanistan so that it evolves into a stable country, strengthened by pluralism and free from external interference,\" he said.Heavily-armed Taliban suicide bombers unleashed a wave of coordinated attacks at the diplomatic enclave in Kabul and three other cities on Sunday.All Indians in Afghanistan are reported to be safe. Taliban had later claimed responsibility for the attacks.During the three-day-long commanders' conference, the Army will assess its preparedness in the light of the prevailing security situation in the country and its immediate neighbourhood, the officials said.The commanders will also discuss various ways address the issues concerning their personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686292", "title": "Manisha Koirala in Bhoot sequel", "text": "There have been whispers this past week that Manisha Koirala may be doing a film with Ram Gopal Verma . And Mirror can now tell you that the actress, who was last seen in director Onir's critically acclaimed film I Am, will be next seen in Verma's sequel to Bhoot which is likely to be shot in 3D.Confirming the news, Manisha said, \"I am very happy with my role in the film. With every film, if you have a good director, you go on to become a better actor. Like in Company, my role was very, very cool.A source close to the film revealed, \"While Manisha has signed on the dotted line, the leading man for Bhoot 2 is yet to be finalised.\"The original Bhoot starred Ajay Devgn and Ramu's ex Urmila Matondkar , whom Manisha will replace in the sequel. \"Verma has an excellent rapport with Manisha since the days of Company. He rates her very highly as an actress. Manisha too loves Ramu's work and regards him as a fine director,\" said the source.Meanwhile, we've learnt that the shooting of Bhoot 2, which revolves around a six-yearold girl named Allayna, has already started. In addition to Manisha, the film will also star Chakravarthy and south actress Madhushalini.The sequel will be shot with a new and economically-priced 3D camera and will most likely hit theatres in August this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12682215", "title": "Malegaon defies heat, records 65% turnout", "text": "MALEGAON: Soaring temperatures and the marriage season notwithstanding, Malegaon on Sunday saw a huge voter turnout of 60-65% in elections to the civic body. Barring few minor scuffles at some polling centres, voting was by and large peaceful.At the close of day at 5.30pm, even as voting was still going on at some centres, election officers said an estimated 60% of the 3,67,374 registered voters exercised their franchise at 540 polling booths to elect 80 corporators out of 471 candidates in the fray, including 227 women.Voting began at 7.30am, and according to the chief election officer's office, the first two hours recorded only 14.95% polling. It, however, picked up slowly and went up to 31.46% at 11.30am, 44.78% at 1.30pm and 54.21% at 3.30pm in the afternoon.Returning officers said that at some places, mostly in Muslim-concentrated areas, a comparatively higher voting percentage of 70-75% was recorded.There were reports of technical snags in the electronic voting machines (EVMs) at a few polling centres. Polling at two polling booths in ward 27 was disrupted for about an hour due to problems in the EVMs. Polling began only after the faulty machines were replaced, and the presiding officer said polling there had been extended by 30 minutes.There were reports of scuffles between supporters of some political groups at some sensitive places.Officials said that the police had to resort to a mild lathicharge near school 49 following a scuffle between some supporters of the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).Besides deciding who will rule the civic body for five years, the result will also decide who will become the first lady mayor of Malegaon. As per the draw, a woman corporator will occupy the post for the first part of two-and-a-half years.Counting of votes will start on Monday at 9am, and arrangements have been made at four places, unlike earlier when it was done at one place. This year, the election commission decided to hold counting at more places to control the crowds and to speed up the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682186", "title": "The Great Indian Travel Bazaar 2012 begins", "text": "JAIPUR: The fifth edition of the Great Indian Travel Bazaar 2012 (GITB) commenced on Sunday with great fanfare. The presence of centre and state government representatives along with foreign participants was evidence of the growing magnitude of the event. The two-day GITB is organised by the Department of Tourism, Government of Rajasthan, the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India and FICCI.Subodh Kant Sahai, Minister of Tourism, Government of India, on the inaugural day released two knowledge papers on indigenous tourism and religious tourism, a joint initiative by FIand YES Bank. He said time had come when developing tourism in India should become a priority. \"We should look at doubling our inbound tourism and aim at bringing to the country 5 million tourists by 2017.\"\"Inbound tourism has great potential and can grow at a rate of 12%. For this the ministry is relying on two strategies. The first relates to revenue generation activities and second is developing the infrastructure,\" remarked the Union Tourism Minister. We require 20 lakh hotel rooms to accommodate our foreign tourists and this will also open new opportunities of investment and employment generation, he said.\"A tourism development forum has also been set up for understanding the needs and grievances of the tourism industry and based on these the ministry will develop its tourism campaigns,\" said Kant.Speaking on the occasion, Bina Kak, state minister for tourism said, \"Research, cooperation, conversion and innovation are the four key factors that can enhance the Indian tourism industry. This year 7,670 B2B meetings are already scheduled for the next two days of the event. The numbers themselves speak volumes about the success of GITB.\"Kak mentioned some of the government's initiatives to promote the tourism industry, one of the most important being that tourism has been identified as an industry and hence can avail of all concessions that an industry is entitled to and entertainment tax has been completely waived off.The platinum sponsor of the event, Dr Jyotsna Suri, Chairperson, FICCI Tourism Committee and Chairperson &amp; Managing Director, The Lalit Suri Hospitality Group, said, \"So many events are taking place but the kind of success and growth that GITB has seen is unprecedented. The event this year is witnessing the presence of 54 countries. Now the time has come when we should emerge in the domestic tourism sector strongly.\"R V Kanoria, President, FICCI, said, \"Rajasthan is one of the finest tourist destinations in India and state government has initiated several policies to support the cause of promoting tourism. A large contingent of participants, both national and international, is showcasing the potential for growth of tourism industry. We hope that all stakeholders have fruitful and successful business partnerships over the next two days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12686080", "title": "Poachers kill endangered black buck in Barasia forest", "text": "BHOPAL: Nine days after the killing of a spotted deer, a black buck was reportedly shot by poachers in Barasia forest range near here, officials said on Saturday.Though the forest department flying squad members reached the spot on getting the sniff of the poachers, they couldn't save the black buck that had gone down to Deghapur village under Baraisa range to quench its thirst at a water body. The endangered animal was shot at by around 10 unidentified poachers at that time.After being hit by bullets, the black buck ran to some distance before collapsing. Though the poachers too followed it, on seeing some local persons around, they fled the spot leaving behind a big knife and other articles. Before the flying squad reached, poachers melted in the jungle.After post-mortem, the endangered animal's body has been disposed of. It died due to the gun shot injury, Bhopal sub divisional officer (Forest) S C Jain said. \"We are investigating the matter to find out the poachers,\" he said.About spotted deer killing of April four in Barasia, the SDO said 11 people have been rounded up.It appears that due to the rise in temperature, deforestation and drying up of water bodies inside the forests around the city, animals were straying into human habitat and falling prey to poachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681565", "title": "MCD polls: Names not on roll, many with ID cards returned dejected", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress Rajya Sabha MP Pervesh Hashmi and his family members were in for a shock when on reaching the polling station in Okhla in south Delhi, they found their names missing from the voters' list. An upset Hashmi said he would take up the matter with the Delhi Election Commission.Delhi election commissioner Rakesh Mehta said he was unaware of any such complaint but would enquire about it. He, however, admitted that people did contact him throughout the day, complaining that though they had the ID card and had been living at the same address, their names had been deleted from the electoral roll.Similar cases were reported from other parts of the city, too. Many Delhiites who turned up at polling stations on Sunday to cast their vote had to return disheartened. Sixty-year-old Rashida Begum at Matiya Mahal in Old Delhi was just one of them. She had the voters' ID card but polling officials could not find her name in the voters' list. \"I voted last time. I have a voters' ID card that was issued in 1994, yet they could not find my name in the list,\" said Rashida, who said she also did not receive the voters' slip.Rajrani Khurrana (77) of Model Town in north Delhi was another such case. While her son Pradeep and daughter-in-law Vandana could vote, Rajrani could not. \"When I went to vote, they told me that my name had been struck off the voters' list,\" said Rajrani, an old-timer in the area.The same happened with Anil Mehta in Saket. \"There were many elderly people along with me who were disappointed at their name being missing from the list. It is sad to see that we were not able to exercise our right,\" he said.In Najafgarh, Se Basti and Sudesh Devi stood clueless outside a booth after polling agents told them their names were not in the list. Both had ID cards but these were rendered useless.For Kuldeep Sharma of Rohini, it was a one-hour ordeal. He flipped through pages to locate the names of his family members. But all three of them had to return disappointed. This is despite receiving a slip from the poll panel, Sharma said. \"My mother is 70 years old. We are regular voters. There was nobody to help us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12682124", "title": "Four arrested for demanding dowry", "text": "AKOLA: Purushottam alias Prashant Sirsat, Hema Mandge, Vikki Sirsat and Dinesh Baviskar, all residents of Jalgaon Khandesh were booked under sections 420, 406 read with 34 of IPC and arrested on Friday for demanding dowry.The girl (bride) from Khadan locality of the city was engaged to Purushottam on February 29. The girl's father had spent Rs1.25 lakh including gold ornaments, for the occasion.However, the bridegroom's parents demanded another Rs1.5 lakh and pay fares of four luxury buses they had used, but the bride's parents refused to concede. The bridegroom's party then cancelled the marriage. The father of the bride lodged a complaint with local police who arrested the four persons.Woman succumbs to burnsAkola: A married woman Sarika Balapure (23) of Pathardi village under Telhara taluka of Akola succumbed to severe burn injuries on Friday afternoon. The police have registered accidental death.Cotton worth Rs 70 lakh guttedAkola: Cotton worth over Rs 70 lakh was reduced to ashes in a fire that broke out in NN Ginning factory, belonging to Navinkumar Gokuldas Chandak on Akot-Hiwarkhed road in Akola district on Saturday. The reason behind the fire is stated to be a spark from the tractor. Local people and fire fighters extinguished the fire.Two killed in Washim distAkola: Two persons were killed and other five persons were seriously injured in two separate accidents on Karanja-Darwha road in Washim district on Saturday. Jeevan Gajbhar of Vakil Colony, Karanja Lad, who was riding pillion on a motorcycle, was killed instantly when a truck dashed the bike in Somthana Ghat. In another accident between a four-wheeler and gas tanker, driver of the four-wheeler was killed on the spot while the cleaner was injured near Anai Fata near Karanja Lad on Saturday. Driver of gas tanker Anil Khan was injured.1 dead, 12 injured in mishapWardha: One person died and 12 were injured in an accident near Barbadi village on Wardha-Hinganghat road on Saturday. The victims were part of a marriage party, who were going to Khanapur from Alipur. Their private bus (MH/32/D-9793) met with the accident when it rolled off the road near Barbadi. The cleaner Ravindra Mainde (32), resident of Yavatmal, died in the mishap. The injured are admitted to Sewagram hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12681797", "title": "Disciplinary action against cops", "text": "PANAJI: SP (north) Arvind Gawas has recommended disciplinary proceedings with a major penalty against all officers who failed to avert the abuse of a 22-year-old victim of trafficking who escaped her abusers only to be mistreated by a police constable in August, 2011.Goa police had recently initiated a departmental inquiry against PI Uttam Raut Dessai in the case. An inquiry report submitted by then SDPO (Mapusa) Sammy Tavares to Gawas had indicted then Pernem PI Uttam Raut Dessai for procedural lapses. The report states that the victim was kept at Pernem police station at night, instead of being sent to the state protective home. Also, the report notes a change in jurisdiction. While the victim was found in Mapusa, police showed her as being rescued at Pernem market, while soliciting customers. Based on the inquiry findings, the SP has recommended disciplinary proceedings with a major penalty against all the officers. The 22-year-old had escaped from the flat of her alleged traffickers-Uttaranchal couple Sonu and Saroj Singh-hoping to get to Mumbai, but had to spend 40 hours being tossed between police stations and being abused by a police constable Vishva Parab. The matter came to light after she revealed this to the protective home panel committee headed by SDM, Pernem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687162", "title": "Sunny Leone's husband comes to India", "text": "Sunny Leone's husband, Daniel Weber, is in India even while she is training for her second schedule of \" Jism 2\". Daniel, who has acted in the movie titled \"The Virginity Hit\" and partners a business with Leone, is in Mumbai for a few days.There was a dinner hosted for the core group of the \"Jism 2\" team which was attended by Daniel before the shooting began. \"However, he didn't accompany Sunny to Jaipur when she began shooting for the first schedule of the movie. He went back to the US. Now, he has returned and is in Mumbai with Sunny.\"Ask Mahesh Bhatt about Daniel and he says, \"Daniel is Sunny's husband and partner. I have met him once.\" So, does he think it's difficult for a man to accept that his wife might be fantasized by so many men? \"I guess , when you do something which deviates from the prescribed path, you weigh the pros and cons and get equipped to deal with the consequences,\" he says. Daniel has returned to the US", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12686653", "title": "\u2018State has failed to tackle drought\u2019", "text": "MANGALORE: Union minister for corporate affairs M Veerappa Moily on Sunday said though 123 taluks in the state were declared as drought-hit, the state was not serious in tackling the situation.Moily, who was in the city to take part in launch of Global Devadiga Foundation, told reporters that government had not co-operated when the central team visited the state to assess the drought situation.\"The state government neither provided information nor extended cooperation when the central team arrived. Moreover, a detailed report on drought situation has not been sent by the state government so far,\" he said.\"The central government had sanctioned Rs 120 crore long back, but the state sanctioned the matching grant only about 12 days ago. The state government has decided to convene an all party meet to discuss about drought relief work on Thursday,\" he said and alleged that no steps had been taken to provide relief in drought-hit areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681537", "title": "Safety hazard cited as Rs 1.5 lakh piped gas users keep cylinders", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 1.5 lakh Mumbaikars have not surrendered their liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) cylinders even years after acquiring piped natural gas (PNG) connections. Authorities warned that such an act was not only illegal but was also a \"potential safety hazard\" as a leak of residual gas or liquid from corroded parts of even empty cylinders could lead to a severe explosion or fire.\"Sometimes domestic consumers store full or empty cylinders in verandas. A cylinder is made of ferrous metal and exposure to humid weather leads to fast corrosion or rusting of the body. LPG is bound to leak out of the rusted parts and that increases the possibilities of accidents,\" said a senior official with domestic gas suppliers.The Mahanagar Gas Ltd (MGL), which supplies PNG, has been issuing newer connections not only in Mumbai but across Thane and Navi Mumbai. Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd (HPCL) and Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd (BPCL) still supply LPG. The three agencies have collectively issued notices to most of the 5 lakh PNG consumers to surrender their old cylinders. \"As per the Liquefied Petroleum Gas (regulation of supply and distribution) Order of 2000 and 2009, supply of domestic LPG to PNG domestic customers is considered a prohibited activity. PNG customers have to surrender the LPG connections within 60 days of receipt of PNG connection...\" stated the notice.Supply of LPG cylinders to around 70% of 5 lakh PNG users in Mumbai and Thane has been stopped. \"But more than 1.5 lakh consumers are yet to surrender their cylinders,\" said a gas agency official. Another official added cylinders were supposed to be kept in the safe custody of LPG distributors, mostly oil marketing companies.To rein in errant consumers, the companies have been sending notices to every PNG user, even those who have already given up their cylinders. Joseph Pinto in Borivli, who surrendered his cylinders soon after obtaining PNG connection in 2001, is one of them. An MGL spokesperson clarified those who have given up cylinders did not have to bother about the notices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12681329", "title": "Supreme Court ruling on Right to Education Act evokes mixed reaction in city", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Supreme Court ruling in favour of the Right to Education Act has evoked mixed reaction from private schools in the city as it has constitutionally upheld validity to ensure 25% reservation of seats in private unaided schools to children from economically marginalised section.The private school managements are presently scouring legal options to challenge the ruling or 'streamline' it to ensure that their 'autonomy' is not compromised in the due process of implementing the Act. However, with just two months left for the new academic year to begin, the school managements are expected to bide their time, study the provisions of the Act and seek legal aid within the next six months.\"We support the Act as its prime objective is to ensure every child has access to education but there are certain grey areas in the Act which needs to be properly addressed to ensure the smooth functioning of private educational institutions,\" said R Visalakshi, president, Federation of Association of Private Schools.The private school managements were also of the opinion that the government should ensure better student enrolment rate and improve infrastructure facilities in public schools as part of its efforts to ensure equal educational rights to all children below 14 years of age. As per the RTE Act, the state government will reimburse the tuition fee for children admitted to private educational institutions.However, there is still lack of clarity on the fact whether the private schools will be reimbursed by the government as per the fee slabs fixed by the fee determination committee alone or additional academic expenses for computer-aided learning and extra curricular activities will also be paid back to these institutions. Almost every private school in the city is collecting additional fee from the children in addition to the government fixed rate for smart classes and extra curricular activities.\"It will prove to be a financial burden for the government and will also add to the administrative work load of the institutions,' Visalakshi added.The private school managements also seemed worried about the fact that the RTE Act would adversely affect the 'niche status' cultivated by these schools. Though not admitted openly, majority of the schools still conduct elaborate screening process before admitting students and the compulsory admission of children from financially backward families under the RTE Act is being viewed with caution.\"We have been attending some meetings and discussions with the education department officials. If there is a government school in close proximity to a private school, then first preference should be given to the public school to admit children under RTE,\" said R Baby, principal, National Model Matriculation Higher Secondary School.The salient features of the Right to Education Act include free and compulsory education for all children below the age of 14, appointment of professionally qualified teachers, better teacher-student ratio in classrooms and also ensuring that no child gets expelled from school until the completion of elementary education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12686613", "title": "Berhampur University plans to introduce four new courses", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Berhampur University has sought funds for the establishment of four new departments under the twelfth plan (2012-17) of the University Grants Commission (UGC). The proposed centres include Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policies (CSSEIP), Centre for Coastal Research (CCR), Centre for Extension Services on Coastal Zone Management (CESCZM) and Awareness Programme on Women Empowerment (APWE).The university has sought around Rs 2.45 crore (Rs 1.54 crore for CSSEIP, Rs 48.50 lakh for CCR, Rs 26.50 lakh for APWE and Rs 15.50 for CESCZM) from the UGC. The five-year plan proposal of the university was submitted to the UGC last week as per its guidelines, university sources said.\"Since the central government has laid thrust on mainstreaming of disadvantaged people in the society and inclusive growth through education, the university has proposed setting up of the CSSEIP to undertake studies about the area, particularly the southern Odisha districts,\" said vice chancellor J K Mohapatra.The southern Odisha districts are mainly inhabited by people from economically weaker sections of the society. Literacy rate and growth rate of Gross District Domestic Products (GDDP) are also poor in this region. \"The university has to play a role in mainstreaming the disadvantaged people. So we have sought to establish the Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policies,\" said register B P Rath.Similarly, the university wants to establish the Centre for Coastal Research to undertake research and training in coastal and ocean science. The university has a department on marine science.The proposed Centre for Extension Services on Coastal Zone Management, university authorities feel, will create awareness on Coastal Zone Management (CZM) and help explore possibilities of development of economic condition of the fishermen across the state.Under the UGC's new research initiative, the university has proposed to set up the APWE to create awareness about programmes on women. The proposed centre would function under the Women's Study Research Centre (WSRC) of the university, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12683029", "title": "31L meters shifted, yet not a single display device installed", "text": "PATIALA: The Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) has launched a state-level campaign to shift all power meters outside the houses of consumers to curb power theft but it is being done without fulfilling all mandatory norms.The rules stipulate that the authorities must install a display device (DD), which shows power consumption in the houses, before shifting all meters so that consumers can check their power consumption from it. Despite having shifted around 31 lakh meters, of the total of 51 lakh, the PSPCL has not installed even a single DD. \"As per norms the authorities must install DDs in all houses before shifting the meters outside houses. But the PSPCL authorities have not installed even a single DD in the state, which is a violation of norms,'' said Rajeev Lohatbaddi, from Democratic Lawyers' Association Punjab (DLAP). For this violation, the association has served a legal notice on PSPCL chairman and other senior authorities.They are preparing to file a PIL in the Punjab and Haryana high court for action against the PSPCL. The contactors hired to shift meters have been putting many meters on a single board and locking it. To prevent any tampering with the shifted meters, the keys have been handed over to the PSPCL authorities. \"How would I know which is my meter. There are many meters on a single board installed near my house. I don't know how much electricity my house has been consuming. When I requested the contactor to put my meter on a separate board, he said they don't have permission for it,\" alleged Gian Singh from Patiala.PSPCL director (distribution) Arun Verma confirmed that they did not have any arrangement to install DD before shifting the meters outside houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12682196", "title": "Subsidy highest at Rs 895cr in 2008", "text": "A year before the 2009 general elections, the Centre spent a record Rs 895 crore on Haj subsidy and each pilgrim was given a state assistance worth Rs 60,640, the Centre has informed the Supreme Court.The foreign ministry, in an affidavit before the SC, said the number of pilgrims increased from 21,305 in 1994 to 1,25,000 in 2011 and the subsidy amount increased from Rs 5,000 per pilgrim in 1994 to Rs 38, 800 last year. Interestingly, in 2007, there were 1,10, 000 Haj pilgrims, but the Centre incurred Rs 477 crore. But, the next year the subsidy was nearly doubled to Rs 895 crore. The Centre attributed the increase to rise in number of pilgrims, fuel cost and devaluation of rupee against dollar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12683603", "title": "Extra buses to ply in view of today's autorickshaw strike", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) will ply around 100 additional buses in the city on Monday in view of the one-day strike called by autorickshaw unions.Autorickshaws plan to stay off the roads to press for a fare revision and to oppose electronic meters.PMPML's public relations officer D A Pardeshi said depot managers have been asked to run around 100 additional buses on busy routes. \"Twelve flying squads will monitor the situation across the city throughout the day and will update the depot managers and stand in-charges about requirement of additional buses. We have asked our staff to be prepared to work extra hours too,\" he said.Pardeshi said a meeting of PMPML officials was held a couple of days back to plan alternative arrangements so that commuters are not inconvenienced during the strike.People can contact PMPML's helpline (phone no. 24503355) to find out about additional bus trips and give feedback about more buses needed on particular routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12681765", "title": "Thieves steal machines, set factory on fire", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gang of thieves set ablaze a unit in Rakhial after stealing two machines worth Rs 1 lakh. Police have registered a case of theft and arson in the incident.Rakhial police said, Mubarak Ali Ansari a resident of Rakhial and owner of a factory in Archana Estate, reported theft and fire at his unit Star Textiles in wee hours of Sunday. Ansari's unit stitches buttons and rivets on ready-made jeans and trousers.\"The incident took place between 12.30 am and 4.45 am on Sunday. As per the workers living in the vicinity, they smelled smoke and fire after which they saw three to four men rushing out of the unit around 4.45 am. Shutter of the unit was broken and two of the machines used for stitching were missing. Soon, Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials rushed to the spot. The operation continued for four hours,\" said a Rakhial police official.The fire gutted majority of the storage area and production unit. Police investigators believe that the thieves had started fire to remove any evidences on the spot. AFES officials are yet to know how the fire started at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12685496", "title": "Cops chalk out fresh strategies to check vehicle-lifters", "text": "VARANASI: The menace of vehicle lifters is increasing. By the end of the first quarter of 2012, they have stolen 133 vehicles, mainly motorcycles, from city areas alone. This trend is considered to be alarming. The records of the city police shows that in 2010, the number of vehicles lifted from city localities and markets was 285 while in 2011 the number of vehicle lifting cases increased to 330.But, as the number of cases of vehicle lifting has already crossed the mark of 130 in first three months of this year, the senior police officials are finding it necessary to chalk out new strategies to check vehicle lifters. SP City Santosh Kumar Singh on Sunday admitted that the process of preparing new plan for putting a check on the cases of vehicle lifting had been started. He said the police station in-charges had been given the task to identify those spots from where the cases of vehicle lifting are taking place repeatedly. He hinted that measures like use of close circuit television cameras or deployment of policemen at such sites could be initiated as a part of the new strategy.As per the police records, the areas like Lanka, Bhelupur and Sigra are proving to be ideal hunting ground for the vehicle lifters and their gang members. In past years the localities falling under Cantonment police station area had been known as the harbour of the gangs engaged in vehicle lifting. But, the records of SP City office showed that an impressive check has been put on the lifters in this area as only 16 vehicles have been lifted from Cantonment, Shivpur and Sarnath police station areas falling under Cantonment circle.However, the menace of vehicle lifters is on increase in Bhelupur and Chetganj circles. The areas of Bhelupur and Lanka police stations in Bhelupur circle and Sigra police station falling under the jurisdiction of Chetganj circle are proving like heaven for the vehicle lifters. As many as 66 vehicles have been lifted from the areas falling under Bhelupur circle while 42 vehicles were stolen from Chetganj circle mainly from the localities falling under Sigra police station.The reason for increasing menace of vehicle lifters in the areas falling under Bhelupur and Chetganj circle limits can be known easily by seeing the growth of biggest commercial zone in the same areas due to arrival of several corporate offices, multiplex and large number of showrooms. Though many commercial buildings and multiplex have their own parking zones, and a majority of showrooms are also operating without providing parking facility, maximum people visiting these sites prefer to park their vehicles by the roadsides. And the same act of vehicle owners is facilitating the vehicle lifters to operate easily in these areas. Singh said all these issues would be kept in mind before finalising the new action plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683272", "title": "Six money facts for new income earners", "text": "IIt is the season of the young taking up their first job assignment. The first pay cheque starts the journey into the world of personal finance. Here are six pointers to help you in this exciting, sometimes stressful, journey with money.First, managing money is primarily about cash flow. The income earned comprises the inflow and the expenses incurred constitute the outflow. Both these do not match in time or amount, and worse, remain unpredictable for most part. Making a monthly budget is an obsolete art. A simpler option is to list out and pay off all mandatory expenses, such as the education loan, rent, phone bill, among others, as soon as the cash comes in. What remains is relatively easy to manage even if you decide to stay at home the last weekend since you exhausted the cash. Separating the routine from the unexpected is a good skill to acquire.Second, learn to think of cash as a limited resource with multiple uses. There is always an alternative use you can put your money to. Think about it when you allocate cash. Being too conservative makes you worry that you are not enjoying your earning; spending too much leads to guilt of not being careful with money. A simpler way to deal with this problem is to have a mental budget that is represented as a percentage of your monthly income.Third, money grows in value over time, if invested. The basic math to know when you deal with money is that a rupee invested today will gain in value and be worth so much more in the future. Therefore, leaving money undeployed erodes its worth. When you allocate your income, pay yourself first. A 10-20 % allocation to saving and investing means that this amount, which you leave untouched in an investment, grows in value with time and you build an asset. Building assets can help you manage your future cash needs better. Your ability to manage any risk to your income from job changes, or your need to part-fund a higher education , or your ability to take a break to raise a family, all depend on how much you have accumulated as investment and assets. You can derive an income from your assets, sell when in need, offer them as collateral for loans, liquidate partially or offer as guarantee.Fourth, align your money decisions to your specific situation before making choices. Buying a house might save you the rent, but you pay an EMI, which can be burdensome if your job is risky. If you relocate for better career opportunities , you will find it a problem to fund the EMI and live in a new city. If you plan to get married soon, taking on a car loan, home loan and personal loan, all in short succession, will leave you with little to spend on your spouse and yourself in the early days of courtship. If you have just started earning and have no dependants, you may not need insurance. Don't commit to a large premium just to save tax and expect to compulsorily save an amount you may find tough to sustain. Begin with simple bank term deposits, buy a few tax-saving bonds and deposits, then a few mutual funds, and open a PPF account. Once your investments have grown to cover at least 2-3 years of your annual income, you are ready for illiquid , large assets, such as a house. If you cannot stop yourself from speculating in the stock market , ensure you have staked only a small percentage that can't hurt you.Fifth, get familiar with operational and legal processes associated with money. Your relationship with your bank is critical when you need a loan, so don't fritter it away by forgetting to pay a credit card bill. Understand you tax obligations and deadlines. Get help with your accounts if you are a working professional with limited time, and complete your registrations, returns and paperwork in time. Ensure you have kept records of your income, investments and bank statements. Good housekeeping is a great help if you need to raise funds at short notice or explain your assets to the taxman. Keep your address, phone number and e-mail updated with your bank and other service providers. Take the time to understand the Internet, phone and mobile security for financial transactions. Several tutorials are available on the Internet for these simple tasks.Sixth, personal finance is as the term suggests-personal . Your money habits are driven by your cultural context, upbringing, personal values and preferences. Understand and accept the kind of person you are when it comes to money. You may be generous or stingy, meticulous or careless, honest or dishonest. How you deal with money will be driven by different motivations. It is a good habit to keep emotion out of money decisions. When you lend to a friend, more often than not, you lose both money and friendship. There are hand loans that are tough to recover. There are expenses that may be difficult to avoid. Make sure you are not using money to acquire popularity, acceptance and love. These are difficult to sustain and seldom last. Learn to be discrete with your money; it is yours and you should always retain the freedom to decide how, when and how much of it you will use.The author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12683498", "title": "Gangewadi grassland included in Solapur bustard sanctuary", "text": "PUNE: Gangewadi grassland area, located on the boundary of Solapur and Osmanabad districts, is now notified and included in the Great Indian Bustard Sanctuary in Solapur district. About 198 hectare grassland has been added to the 1222.61 sq km area of the sanctuary.The idea is to conserve and protect the Great Indian Bustards . At present, the population of this critically endangered bird in the country is only 300.Last year, eleven Great Indian Bustards were recorded during census inside the Great Indian Bustard sanctuary.MK Rao, chief conservator of forest (wildlife) Pune told TOI that this addition to the sanctuary will help in habitat management, monitoring and lead to better protection and conservation of the Great Indian Bustard. The grassland area will be restored just like Nannaj, he added.Pramod Patil, director Great Indian Bustard Foundation , said that the Gangewadi grassland is an ideal habitat for these birds and can be used as core breeding area.He said that around 148 species of birds have been reported in and around Gangewadi. Other than Great Indian Bustard , there are the near threatened Painted stork, Darter, Oriental White Ibis and Pallid Harrier. The Kumbhari reservoir situated in the area adjoining Gangewadi has breeding colonies of Painted stork, Eurasian Spoon-bill , Little Cormorant and Oriental White Ibis. The percolation tank inside Gangewadi is a foraging site for these birds during breeding.Also, ten species of mammals like wolf, Indian fox, jackal , Black-naped hare, Jungle cat, blackbuck, antelope, common mongoose, Indian pangolin , wild boar and squirrel have been found here. In the reptile category, seven species include Fan-throated lizard, common garden lizard, common skink, common rat snake, Rusell's viper, Indian monitor lizard, have also been found here.Patil said that action was needed to conserve Bustards in Gangewadi. This includes, habitat restoration, uprooting of trees, habitat protection, monitoring and research throughout the year, waterhole census, in-crease in bustard census points and community involvement in conservation efforts.Great Indian Bustards mostly prefer open grasslands and farmlands Maharashtra is one of the six states where the Great Indian Bustards are still seen Four species of bustards have been given the highest degree of protection by placing them in Schedule I of the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act 1972.The various threats identified for Great Indian Bustards include habitat alterations due to plantations of exotic species, overgrazing of adjoining private grasslands, lack of protection to habitat, lack of habitat management practices, human-induced disturbances and hunting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12682033", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority kicks off work on new STP at Behrampur", "text": "GURGAON: HUDA started the work of setting up another STP at Behrampur on Friday. At the site, the civic agency already has a plant with a capacity of 50 million litres daily (MLD) and the new plant has been planned to bolster the unit.On Friday, HUDA officials also planted 2,000 plants at the site of the new plant that is spread over 50 acres. In a low-key ceremony, HUDA officials and contractors assembled at the site and organized a puja to kick off the project.A senior HUDA official said that the new plant has state-of-the-art machines and gadgets capable to treat 120 million litres of sewage daily. HUDA is spending Rs 98 crore on the project and the work has been given to a Pune-based firm with an expertise in setting up of and maintaining STPs. As per the contractual deadline, the plant will be completed by November 2013.It is interesting to note that the existing STP at Behrampur was built and maintained by another private company which was rejected by HUDA earlier.HUDA is now working on a plan to cancel the maintenance contract of the firm after finding a series of operational faults. In a latest inspection report, HUDA had confirmed that the plant was not being maintained as per the desired standards and if it continued then the entire system could be damaged.The inspection was carried out by an executive engineer, S K Gupta, who visited the plant and pointed to a gamut of lapses in operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681158", "title": "Over 800 arrested in 'storming operation'", "text": "CHENNAI: In drive against anti-social elements, the Chennai police, in a 'storming operation', arrested more than 800 people on Saturday night.According to a press release, the operation was conducted across the city as per the orders of commissioner J K Tripathy. As part of the operation, more patrol teams were formed and arrested 831 people as a preventive measure.Those arrested included 143 people under Sec 109 and 110 of CrPC, 29 against whom non-bailable warrants were pending, and 72 people were caught for drunken driving.The release said that several smaller teams were formed to conduct check at lodges and vehicle during the storming operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12686981", "title": "Reds extend deadline on MLA's release", "text": "KORAPUT: Chances of abducted Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka moving out of Maoist clutches showed signs of improvement on Sunday as his kidnappers made a climbdown, dropping top guerilla Chenda Bhusanam alias Ghasi from their list of prisoners who they want freed in exchange.In the Maoist's latest letter released to the media, a representative of the rebels' Andhra-Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) said Hikaka's wife Kaushalya, rebels' lawyer Nihar Patnaik and 29 prisoners they want released must reach Balipeta in Koraput's Narayanpatna block by 5 pm on April 18 so that the 37-year-old legislator could be released.AOBSZC leader Jagabandhu, in the letter, said Ghasi's name has been removed from the list of the 30 prisoners whose release they had earlier sought. The letter, written in Telugu, also warned against any police or intelligence officer reaching Balipeta for the proposed release. Earlier, the abductors had set April 10 deadline for Kaushalya and some others to reach Balipeta along with 30 jailed people to take back Hikaka, who was kidnapped on March 23 night. The Odisha Police Association had warned the government against letting off Ghasi, booked in over 40 cases in Andhra and Odisha and accused of killing at least 55 cops. Ghasi, who carries Rs 10 lakh as reward money in Andhra, was arrested in April, 2011, from Koraput.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik said he was aware of the Maoists' new offer. \"I will be in touch from Delhi about matters relating to the release of our young tribal MLA. I appeal to the Maoists to release our MLA immediately and unhurt,\" he said before embarking on a trip to the national capital to attend a meeting on internal security. Naveen on Friday visited Hikaka's family in Laxmipur.Reacting to the guerrillas' demand that 29 prisoners reach Balipeta on April 18, home secretary U N Behera said of the 29 incarcerated people the government had since April 5 agreed to facilitate release of 25 (17 CMAS activists including Suka Nachika and Chakra Tadingi who were offered in exchange for Italian Bosusco Paolo besides eight Maoists). \"It is necessary that bail petitions of those people be filed immediately so that their release can be facilitated,\" he said, hoping some bail pleas would be moved by Tuesday.The Maoist letter, however, said the government should look after bail related issues of the prisoners. The CMAS, branded by the state government as a Maoist frontal outfit, has said it would not move courts for bail and the government should withdraw cases against its workers. The outfit is staging a demonstration at Balipeta pressing for its demands since April 10. \"CMAS does not want the bail route because they say lawyers are fleecing them,\" Dandapani Mohanity, who toured Balipeta, said. Mohanty, who mediated with the state government to end the Italian hostage crisis, is co-advisor, CMAS.Behera said the government was examining the legal aspects on the rebels' demand to release CMAS advisor Gananath Patra, Singha Nachika, Suno Pangi and Wadeka Walsi.Omission of Ghasi's name from the demand list is being viewed as outcome of the ruling BJD's back channel efforts to end the hostage drama. \"Since the CM's visit on Friday, back channel efforts had intensified. Release of Ghasi was impossible. Now with Maoists deleting his name, the government could find it easier to find to resolve the crisis,\" a source said. Police sources said through back channels Maoists were told about legal complications involved in Ghasi's case, thus forcing them to drop his name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687541", "title": "I thought I deserved the award: Ashok Pati", "text": "Director Ashok Pati is in the middle of a controversy. An untoward incident at the premiere of his recent release, \" Sapath\", on Friday evening drew a lot of flak when the director got into an altercation with the media.On Saturday afternoon when we got in touch with him, he offered his side of the story. \"I was a really angry about the Best Director Award given to another director (read Susant Mani) by a private television channel. I think, I was a more deserving candidate. My words were only meant for the reporter of that particular channel which gave away the award. I have been simmering with anger for quite some time. Friday saw an eruption of my pent-up anger,\" he said.But was there any other trigger point for him? \"I was also angry because journalists only ask me what new movies I am making. People are never bothered to work for the development of Ollywood. Anyway, I don't want to dwell on Friday's incident any further. Let's just leave it at this,\" he signed off.Practise what you preach, goes the common dictum. But sadly, reality is a far cry from the reel, where heroes never succumb to failure and emerge a winner, almost always.It did come as a surprise, however, when Ashok Pati, considered to be one of the most promising and talented young directors of the Odia film industry, gave in to failure at the premiere of his \"Sapath\" starring Akash Das Nayak and Archita Sahu, here on Friday evening. His unhero-like attitude can be attributed to his frustration of having failed to bag the Best Director Award at a recently-held event organized by a private TV channel.Sources say Pati, who turned up at the premiere, was seething with anger because the award went to someone he considers inferior to him. On getting hold of a journo from the channel, which had apparently deprived him of his 'winning glory', Pati started blaming the media as a whole for \"doing injustice to him\". \"If you cannot do anything, just quit as journalists,\" he yelled much to the surprise of the crowd gathered at the venue.\"I am the only film maker in the industry who makes quality movies, but who is there to appreciate my works?\" asked Pati, who in the end, was reduced a subject of ridicule. \"Such behaviour is unacceptable. More than awards, Pati should concentrate on his work. I have reservations about his new film. So what if our industry is not as developed as Bollywood , but still good films are churned out. I am sorry Pati's works are just not up to the mark,\" said Kartik Pradhan, a film buff and an eyewitness to the \"drama\" that unfolded at the premiere. Reality bites, eh?Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682337", "title": "'State mines department's planning weak, financial management defective'", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan State Mines and Minerals Limited (RSMML), a public sector undertaking of the state government, has incurred a loss of Rs 1.10 crore for non-compliance of legal requirements which led to unproductive expenditure towards land tax and dead rent. It also incurred loss of Rs. 1.92 core for keeping 12 areas without any plan to undertake mining having paid premium charges on it.According to the CAG report, the strategic business unit and profit centre of RSMML in Bikaner, which is engaged in mining and marketing of gypsum mineral, could not surrender the Kaonee and Kundal mines till March 2011 despite the fact that the mines were exhausted in January 2006 itself. For keeping the mines for the period from 2006 to 2011, the company had to pay Rs 1.10 crore towards dead rent and land tax on these mines.\"Kundal mine was not transferred in the name of the company after its amalgamation with Rajasthan State Mineral Development Corporation in 2001 which prevented it from surrendering to the department of mines and geology (DMG). In case of Kaonee mine, the state government surrendered the application on January 9, 2009 but was rejected for non-submission of progressive mine closure plan as required under rules,\" the CAG report said.The report further suggests that the company was not vigilant towards statutory compliance and incurred unproductive expenditure. The state government while accepting the facts on September 2011 stated that the lease of Kaonee mine was cancelled by the DMG after forfeiting the security deposit in April 2011 while the matter on Kundal mine was taken up with DMG.The Central audit body also pulled up the company for weak project management planning and apathetic attitude shown to safeguard its financial interests. \"The weak project planning coupled with defective financial management led to unproductive expenditure of Rs 1.92 crore towards payment of minimum premium charges without mining activity on 12 areas,\" it noted.The company accepted 27 areas of five hectare each from state government on agency basis for gypsum excavation in Bikaner, Hanumangarh, Sriganganagar and Nagaur districts for a period of five years in 2005. But on scrutiny in January 2011, it was revealed that company never undertook mining operations in six areas of Bikaner district and even did not take possession of another six areas of Hanumangarh and Sriganganagar districts.Moreover, the company accepted the lease of these areas without conducting any preliminary study as to whether it would be able to operate in all the areas with the minimum excavation stipulated in the state government order. It also made no efforts in surrendering the mines even when it had no plans to undertake the mining operation and resulted in heavy losses for the company.BJP corners govt with CAG reportCommenting on the CAG report, the BJP on Sunday took a dig on the Gehlot government and asserted that the government should concentrate on monitoring implementation of the ongoing schemes rather than beating drums on new and flagship programmes announced in the budget. \"This time, the failure and the lack of transparency have been questioned by the Constitutional body and not by the opposition party,\" BJP spokesperson Jyoti Kiran said.\"The current report of the CAG proves that the state government is apathetic, short-sighted and lacks transparency. The public welfare schemes were just made on the papers while the state accounts were running in the red. The unfruitful expenditure of Rs 1,330 crore is just the tip of an iceberg of the wastage of public money,\" she said. The BJP also slammed the government for incompletion of various projects in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12681235", "title": "Hearing-impaired persons hope to find voice in Right to Information legislation", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a classroom with a difference. Questions were raised, but in silence, and answers too given silently.The day-long workshop on the RTI (Right to Information) Act for hearing-impaired persons conducted by Change India and the Deaf Forum of Coimbatore at KDO Bhavan near Bharathi park in Saibaba colony on Sunday morning emphasised two things. One, the enormous public interest in the RTI Act and, two, the hearing-impaired didn't want to be left behind in accessing a tool that has the potential to empower citizens as never before.The participants had numerous doubts and a sign language expert translated them for subject experts and interpreted answers to the former through sign language. Most of the queries were about vacancies in various government departments, especially related with job placements for the hearing-impaired. One per cent of Grade C and D level jobs in the government are to be given to hearing-impaired people. V Umayalachi, a sign language expert and interpreter, says none from Coimbatore district has got a job through the quota in the last decade. \"Before then, some 10 people got placed. We hope to use the RTI to access information about vacancies for this category,\" says Umayalachi.S Ranganathan (49), a resident of Udayampalayam, says he had registered with the employment exchange in 1986. \"But till now I have not been intimidated on any vacancy. I have also tried to know the seniority of my application in the employment exchange. I hope I will be able to get the information through RTI ,\" he said.M Babu, a graduate from Pollachi, had applied for positions in various government sectors. He ran from pillar to post, but could not get to know his rank or the number of vacancies. The petitions he submitted were not replied to.R Satish Kumar , vice president, Coimbatore Association for the Deaf, says they have filed several petitions regarding connections for electricity and water to issues related to jobs. \"I passed out from ITI 15 years ago and registered at the employment exchange. Till now, I have not been able to get to know the status of my registration,\" he says. Umayalachi says there have been several instances of discrimination where people were called for jobs only to be humiliated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682364", "title": "Teenage pregnancy adversely affecting health indicators", "text": "JAIPUR: Child marriages leading to early pregnancies are making an adverse effect on health indicators like infant mortality rate (IMR) and maternal mortality rate (MMR) in the state.Since the state is at number two slot in child marriages in the country, its IMR and MMR is above national average.\"Early pregnancies are one of the reasons of infant deaths and maternal mortality. A girl who is not 18 and if she delivers a baby, it would be harmful for her and her baby. A girl, who is below 18 is not physically fit to deliver a baby,\" said a reproductive and child health officer.In fact, teenage pregnancies in the state are also high. Every year, out of 19 lakh pregnancies, 5% of them are teenage pregnancies, which was the finding of the District Level Household and Facility Survey (DLHS) 2007-08, a health department official said.The medical, health and family welfare department are eyeing to reduce MMR and IMR as they have incorporated them in the Millennium Development Goals for health sector.The maternal mortality ratio in Rajasthan is 318/lakh live birth which is quite high in comparison to maternal mortality ratio of national average of 212 per lakh live births, says the findings of SRS Bulletin-2007-09.The infant mortality rate in the state is 55 deaths per 1,000 live births, which is quite high in comparison to national figures of 47 deaths per 1,000 live birth, says the findings of SRS-bulletin 2010. The 12th plan goal of Rajasthan is focused to bring it down from 55 to 40.Last year, the state government has introduced Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna (JSSY) to encourage institutional deliveries to reduce maternal mortality ratio and infant mortality rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681090", "title": "Woman minister leads race for Kripashankar\u2019s post", "text": "MUMBAI: The race to replace tainted former Mumbai Congress chief Kripashankar Singh has reached the final stage. All India Congress Committee chief Mohan Prakash, who is in charge of the state, is believed to have held discussions in this regard with various factions within the party during a two-day visit which ended on Saturday.A senior party functionary said the high command could announce the name of the new city president within a week or so.Sources said that women and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad has emerged as a frontrunner for the post. Gaikwad is being seen as a candidate that has acceptability among most factions in the city Congress.The other names doing the rounds are that of former MLA Janardan Chandurkar, Chandrakant Handore, Ashok Jagtap and Madhukar Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12687874", "title": "Centre is depriving states of their rights: Parkash Singh Badal", "text": "AMRITSAR: Reiterating his government's opposition to the centre's proposal to set up National Counter Terrorism Center (NCTC), chief minister of Punjab, Parkash Singh Badal said \"By one or other pretext the central government is depriving the states of their rights.\"In a lighter vein, he added that if such practices continued, the centre could take control of even police stations.Badal who missed the chief ministers' meet on internal security convened by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday said that his son deputy chief minister and home minister Sukhbir Singh Badal was representing the state government's case in the meeting.Badal was here at the Golden Temple to attend Akhand Path (religious prayers) following the victory of his party in the recently concluded assembly elections.Taking a dig at the centre, he said he could consider the proposal of NCTC only if there was any example in the past where the centre had delivered its duties after depriving states of their rights. \"The centre has not been able to even eradicate corruption, control inflation and provide employment. So how can we trust them?\" he asked. He questioned why the centre didn't trust the institutions, officials and ministers of the states. \"We are efficient to do our job,\" he asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12681351", "title": "Dindigul clash: Three killed, 24 held", "text": "MADURAI: Police on Sunday arrested twenty-four persons, including 14 women in connection with the group clash at Nilakottai in Dindigul district that left three persons dead and more than 10 injured.While two men were hacked to death by an armed group of 25 people at Muthalapuram village near Nilakottai, one more person succumbed to injuries at the Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai late on Saturday night.Police said they have formed special teams and have launched a hunt for others involved in the clash. Police have also secured several suspects who belonged to the rival group and are inquiring whether they were involved in the attack. They have seized sickles and knives used in the attack that were abandoned on the outskirts of the village.Dindigul SP T Jayachandran said: \"Normalcy has been completely restored. We have arrested 24 persons. The others will be arrested soon.\" The incident was a fallout of an enmity between two groups belonging to the same community.On Friday night, a person from one of the groups was assaulted by the other, prompting the rival group to retaliate. The group used sickles and knives to attack the other group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12685730", "title": "Auto-drivers driven out from railway station", "text": "KANPUR: The auto-drivers were driven out from the Cantt side of the Kanpur Central railway station. On Saturday, the railway authorities forced the tempo drivers to leave the premises with the help of the RPF and GRP men.The auto-drivers went on strike on Saturday evening which continued on Sunday. They had occupied the road outside the sto seek passengers. On Saturday evening, the auto drivers entered into brawl with the cops. They raised slogans and said that the decision would hit them financially. The passengers are also suffering. Till some time back, the prepaid taxi service was operational. But this service is no more available to the passengers. For fetching an auto, the passengers now have to come out of the railway station on the Cantt side.The auto-drivers said that this would also affect the passengers while they would continue to make money outside. The drivers lamented that the prepaid taxi system, which was a hit among the passengers, does not exist anymore. It causes inconvenience to the passengers.The railway authorities have set up prepaid taxi booths on both the sides of the railway station. This was popularised to ensure that the passengers are not over-charged and exploited by the auto-drivers. Some 100 autos and 150 taxis were allotted space on the Cantt side of the railway station. The auto-drivers were subsequently charged for the space allotted to them. But according to the auto-drivers, the vacant space has now has been given to a contractor. The contractor and his henchmen would provide parking space to the cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12688960", "title": "Facebook, Google+ should set up servers in India: Rajasthan CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seeking the Centre's immediate attention for controlling social networking sites, Rajasthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot said these companies should be asked to set up their servers in India so that \"miscreants\" posting proactive comments are booked at the earliest.Gehlot drew the attention of those present at the Chief Ministers Conference here including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh that communal elements had posted some proactive comments on Facebook which resulted in communal tension in a region of his state.\"Effective action was taken immediately against the miscreants,\" he said and added that while his government complied with the idea of Freedom of expression, but it should not be misused by communal elements and needs to be dealt with all severity.\"I would appreciate if these site could develop a system which by itself prevents posting of material with communal and anti-national overtones,\" he said.\"As the servers of these social networking sites are located outside the country, it becomes an arduous task to obtain any information related to such incidents.\"I would suggest that the Government of India should develop a system which can help in obtaining the information from these servers on real-time basis or as an alternative making it mandatory for these companies to set up their servers in India,\" Gehlot said.He also stressed for capacity buildings by increasing the strength of police forces and imparting professional trainings to them to meet internal security challenges.\"Sardar Patel Police and Security University is being established at Jodhpur with an initial budget of Rs 20 crore to study and analyse issues related to policing and security. Setting up of this University would enhance the capabilities and effectiveness of Rajasthan Police,\" Gehlot said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12685806", "title": "Jamshedpur schools earn global recognition from British Council-India", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The city based English medium schools' unrelenting endeavour for excellence received global recognition this week from British Council-India (BCI). Seven private run English medium schools have been selected for the coveted British Council International Award (BCIA) by the council, which in effect will pave way for global exposure of the students and faculty alike.For the next three years (2012-15), the seven British Council accredited schools will work jointly with the British cultural and academic institutions on socio-cultural and educational sphere for enhanced global bounding. \"The comprehensive effort made by the school administration, teaching and non-teaching staffs and the students resulted in winning this recognition,\" said Narbheram Hansraj English School principal Paramita Roy Choudhury.Besides Narbheram Hansraj English School, J H Tarapore English School, Gulmohar High School, Kerala Public School-Burmamines, Loyola School, Motilal Nehru Public School and Dayanand Public School have bagged the prestigious award.Issues like promotion of brotherhood, water conservation and ecological balance, among other topics, will be taken up by the joint teams during the next three years. According to one of the school's principal, children who are comparatively behind in the field of story telling and narration shall benefit from the global exposure. \"The three year joint collaboration (with British Council) shall be crucial in shaping the future of the youth,\" said KPS Burmamines chairman APR Nair.The BCI introduced the International School (IS) award in India as a pilot project in 2002-03. Through the project it developed an award scheme to recognize the work of Indian schools with international links that include the UK. The scheme is based on the UK model, with appropriate modifications and India was the first overseas country to pilot the IS award.The scheme recognizes fair practice in international dimension in schools. Successful schools are accredited for three years which has an action planning stage, followed by compilation of a dossier of evidence. This recognition will also witness representatives of various schools and universities from the UK coming here to help and assist potential students seeking admission to the British universities.\"At present over 40,000 Indian students are pursuing their academic career in different universities in UK,\" said a member of the Association of British Council. For the last few years, city schools have also been working closely with the British schools through UK India Education and Research Initiative platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681549", "title": "Minor raped by placement agency owner", "text": "NEW DELHI: An 18-year-old girl was allegedly raped by the owner of a placement agency in southeast Delhi, police said. The girl belongs to Jharkhand and was brought to the city by the wife of the agency owner.The accused, Rajesh, ran the placement agency and had disappeared after raping the girl four months back. Since then, his associate Raj Kumar ran the agency. The girl was hired by another placement agency in between that was run by one Pancham, police sources said.Police are now trying to track down Rajesh, Raj Kumar and Pancham, police said. The trio is on the run and teams have been formed to nab them.Rajesh's wife had got the girl to the city in October last year after promising her a good life. The girl was kept in a small room along with other girls, trafficked from various other places, police sources said.Finding her alone in a room, Rajesh raped her one night and disappeared. Months later, the girl complained of severe stomachache on Friday. Raj Kumar suspected it to be a case of pregnancy and gave her some 'pills'.The girl began to bleed profusely after consuming them. Raj Kumar then took her to a south Delhi clinic but panicked on knowing about her miscarriage and fled on text of arranging money, sources said. The girl has alleged that she was not paid for her work and her salary was taken away by her 'owners'. An FIR has been registered at the Sarita Vihar police station, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12682569", "title": "Father sets mentally unsound son ablaze", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: A physically challenged man in Tirunelveli burnt to death his 24-year-old son, who was mentally ill, in a state of fury and helplessness on Sunday.Police have arrested L Veeraputhirapandian (58), a resident of Thirukurungudi in the district and have charged him for murder. Police said that Veeraputhirapandian's son Venkatesh (24) was suffering from mental illness for the past four years and was undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Tirunelveli.On Sunday, Venkatesh refused to board the car that was supposed to take him to the hospital. \"Veeraputhirapandian sought the help of his neighbours to carry Venkatesh from the house to the car. As Venkatesh grew violent, neighbours bound his legs and attempted to take him to the car. But Venkatesh resisted and started attacking them. After struggling for a while, the neighbours left the house. It was then that a furious Veeraputhirapandian doused his son with kerosene and set him on fire,\" police said.Since Venkatesh was in the habit of screaming frequently, the neighbours thought it was his usual scream when he cried out of pain after being set ablaze by his father. Only when smoke billowed out of the house did they realise what had happened and informed the police.\"Veeraputhirapandian did not attempt to evade arrest. He is regretting the death of his son but keeps saying that he had no other go. He weeps and goes into deep silence except for answering the queries we ask,\" said a police officer.Police said Veeraputhirapandian was a farmer who became inactive after he lost one of his legs in an accident. His daughter, who is married, lives in the United States . Veeraputhirapandian's wife had recently gone to the US as their daughter had given birth to a child.Venkatesh was under treatment for the past four years and every time he grew violent his parents would take him to the hospital. \"Of late, he also refused to take tablets. Since then, Veeraputhirapandian would seek the help of his neighbours and they would help him bind the legs of Venkatesh to carry him to the car. Last night (Saturday) Venkatesh started behaving very violently and even damaged the vehicles of neighbours,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12685864", "title": "The race to romance Sirish", "text": "Many names are cropping up in the race for the actor's big bilingual debutConsidering this is Sirish's debut, the heroine plays a key role. Actress Amala Paul's name has been doing the rounds recently. Her recent Tamil success and her relative popularity in Andhra Pradesh post Love Failure (the Telugu version of Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi) makes her a strong contender. However, industry sources say she has not been signed on yet.Apparently, the filmmakers want to cast someone who can not only speak Tamil but who can also make a great pair with Sirish. The buzz is that other names being seriously considered are the 180 girls - Nithya Menen and Priya Anand. The source adds that some Kannada heroines like Nidhi Subbaiah and Aindrita Ray were thought about but they didn't quite make the cut. We'll just have to wait and watch who'll romance the young actor in the end! THE GAURAVAM STORYInitially Radha Mohan had chosen Naga Chaitanya as part of his next venture, Gauravam, which was a Tamil-Telugu bilingual. Varalaxmi Sarath Kumar was touted to be his leading lady in the film. While the filmmaker had reportedly finalized his cast in January and was all set to start shoot, this change in the cast of the film has come in as a real surprise. While a few sources mention the recent Kollywood strike as one of the reasons for the change, the real reason still remains elusive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681285", "title": "Jayalalithaa seeks PM\u2019s intervention on power", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday sought prime minister Manmohan Singh's intervention in postponing the Central Energy Regulatory Commission's (CERC) plan to tighten the grid frequency.In a letter to the prime minister, Jayalalithaa explained how such a move would add to existing congestion problems and burden the already strained finances of the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO).\"The CERC directive is likely to play havoc with power utilities, especially in Tamil Nadu, which is already facing transmission and congestion problems,\" she wrote. \"The TANGEDCO, which is already under debt, would be subjected to a severe financial stress on account of this move to an extent of over 350 crores every year.\"The CERC's proposal, announced in February this year, was intended to curb overdraw of power from the states. This plan dictates a new bandwidth frequency of only 49.7 to 50.2 whereas the current code allows a frequency 49.5 to 50.2. Jayalalithaa also wrote about the added burden of increase in Unscheduled Interchange charges from 8.73 per unit to 9 per unit, which are imposed when a state operates outside the dictated bandwidth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12681374", "title": "Anand Pawar finishes runner-up at Dutch International badminton tournament", "text": "NAGPUR: The giant-killing run of Anand Pawar in the Dutch International badminton tournament was halted in the final, not by the opponent but by the unfortunate injury.A severe pain in the abdomen forced unseeded Pawar to give walkover to fifth seed Andre Kurniawan Tedjono of Indonesia in the title clash in Netherlands on Sunday.After performing so well to reach the final, it was a sort of anti-climax for the Mumbai shuttler. On way to the summit clash, Pawar, world No. 63, had upset three seeded players including the top seed and local hero Eric Pang in the quarterfinals.\"I woke up with some pain in my abdomen muscle which I also felt yesterday (Saturday) after the match (semifinal) but didn't think it was anything serious. I got it checked by the physio, who said it might be a slight tear which could be aggravated if I play and become a big tear. I would have to take 5-6 weeks off if that happened so he advised me not to play today,\" Pawar told TOI on Sunday from Netherlands.The in-form shuttler, who had claimed the French International title last Sunday, was tempted to play the final but dropped the idea after physio's advice.\"It was a big risk (playing the final). I had the chance to win two titles in as many weeks but considering the fact that I have to play India Open in another eight days' time, it was not worth taking risk. Obviously, I didn't want to be out of the circuit for two months particularly when I am in good form,\" reasoned Pawar.The 25-year-old is optimistic about his chances of playing in the India Open Super Series which will be held in New Delhi from April 24-29.\"Yes, I think so. Atleast I hope so. I'm leaving from here on Monday so will know more about the injury when I'm back home in India. I think I will be ready by then. Since, I haven't let it get bad today I can be ready for next week. I'm disappointed but satisfied with my effort. It's good to get to the finals,\" added an Air India employee.It has been a very fruitful last couple of months for Pawar. After making the Finnish Open semifinals last month, Pawar followed it with a title in France which came after a gap of nearly two years. He made his form count by storming into the final in Netherlands.\"I want to do well in India Open Super Series and Malaysia Grand Prix Gold. I am hoping to break into the top-40 in next few months,\" said Pawar, son of former badminton great Uday Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12685897", "title": "Forest dept to place potted plants along city footpaths", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The forest department has decided to place 100 cement pots with flowering and medicinal plants like Thetti (Ixora), Magnolia Champaca, Belly Bamboo (Bambusa ventricosa) and Elanji (Mimusops elengi Linn) along the stretch of road from Sasthamangalam Junction to LMS Junction.\"The government had sanctioned Rs 2.75 lakh for the Sasthamangalam beautification project two weeks ago. The plants are being potted right now, they will be placed along -not on-the footpath on Tuesday evening,\" said a source from the forest department.\"We've given permission to place the pots only on the 1.26 Km Sasthamangalam - Vellayambalam stretch. I am not going into the merits of the suggestion made by the forest department to introduce flowering plants along the roadside. The TRDCL had introduced Mandaram (Bauhinia Blakeana) which is a flowering tree, but certain sections of the society wanted more greenery. There is no point in placing the pots on the Kowdiar stretch as the plants need adequate sunlight to grow and there is a canopy of trees which prevent that,\" said Anil Kumar Pandala, vice president of the Thiruvananthapuram Road Development Company Limited.The maintenance charges of a pot will be around Rs 500, per month and will be borne by the forest department. The forest department will pay the Kerala Road Fund Board, and they in turn will pay the TRDCL, implementing agency of the City Road Improvement Project.\"When we agreed to the forest department's request, the condition was that we will undertake the maintenance of the plants. They must be watered every day in the summer months and manure is to be applied once in three months,\" Pandala said.\"Actor Suresh Gopi is also contributing to the city's green cover by donating two 10-year-old Elenji (Mimusops elengi Linn) trees which will be transplanted near the Shastamangalam Junction and near Kowdiar. This is the first time that a mature tree will be transplanted in Thiruvananthapuram. A scientist from the Kerala Forest Research Institute in Thrissur will monitor the process. The actor who resides at Sasthamangalam was dead against the felling of trees in that area for the road development project,\" said a source from the forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12683293", "title": "Cops probe model\u2019s links, Vora fails to show up for questioning", "text": "MUMBAI: Stock broker Gautam Vora, who was summoned by the Amboli police for questioning about his proximity to model Simran Sood, didn't show up at the police station on Sunday.Police are probing Sood's proximity to several high-profile and affluent people, including Vora. Several people who, investigations revealed , communicated frequently with Simran or Palande, are being called for questioning. While verifying her call records, police learnt Vora and Simran were in regular contact.A police source said, \"Simran took much interest in Vora and police are verifying if she was collecting his details to target him. We are also verifying what kind of relation the two shared and if she used him to get closer to other affluent personalities.\"The Amboli police had arrested Sood in the mysterious disappearance of aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar. Senior inspector of Amboli police station, Harishchandra Vhatkar, said they had summoned Vora on Sunday but he didn't turn up. \"We are yet to record his statement ,\" said Vhatkar.Incidentally, Vora's name had last cropped up in the 2010 suicide of model Viveka Babajee who blamed him for her death in a suicide note.Police, investigating the murder of Arunkumar Tikku at Oshiwara and the mysterious disappearance of aspiring film producer, Karankumar Kakkar from his Amboli residence , learnt that Simran had played a crucial role in both the cases.Police didn't find any direct evidence against Simran in the Oshiwara murder case, but they learnt that she first befriended the deceased's son, Anuj, and then introduced him to key murder accused Vijay Palande. The accused had planned to kill both Arunkumar Tikku and Anuj and grab their plush Oshiwara apartment.In the Amboli case too, Simran first befriended Kakkar and then introduced him to Palande.Police suspect that Palande was using Simran as a honey-trap to lure unsuspecting victims. The duo lived together at Oberoi Springs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12683529", "title": "Rickshaws off the streets today", "text": "PUNE: Commuters are likely to face hardships on Monday as the autorickshaw unions in the city will observe a daylong strike. Autorickshaw unions said that the decision about an indefinite strike will be taken on Monday. There are about 45,000 autorickshaws in the city.Reacting to autorickshaw unions' strike call, the government has come out with alternative arrangements to tackle the situation. The state government has issued a notification and allowed private passenger and goods transport vehicles including buses to ferry commuters during the strike period. Besides, the government has asked Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) and Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd (PMPML) to deploy extra buses.The government has appealed to the unions to withdraw the strike call as many of their demands are being considered. The government has stated that a committee has been established to look into the issue of revision of autorickshaw fare structure. The committee is expected to discuss the issue with autorickshaw unions, commuter organizations, transport and traffic departments and then prepare a report, which is expected to be submitted to the government within the next three months. Besides, the committee will also consider the unions' proposal of introducing an annual revision of fares in the month of January every year.Among the prominent unions that are participating in Monday's strike include Rickshaw Panchayat, Pune City Autorickshaw Federation , Maharashtra Rickshaw Sena and Shiv Sena Vahtuk Sena. The Maharashtra Navnirman Vahatuk Sena has decided not to participate in the strike. The autorickshaw unions have planned to hold a rally at the district collector's office on Monday afternoon to discuss the future course of action.Nitin Pawar, convernor of Rickshaw Panchayat, held the state government responsible for the strike of autorickshaw drivers. \"We do not wish that commuters face hardships. The government's failure in responding to our demands has resulted in the strike. It is the government's responsibility to respond to long pending demands of autorickshaw drivers. We are expressing dissatisfaction against the apathy towards our issues.\"Pawar added that Monday's strike has been called with prior intimation.President of Pune City Auto Rickshaw Federation Baba Shinde said that auto drivers have been urged not to indulge in any unlawful activity during the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682562", "title": "Delighting the palate", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The extravaganza of art, folk dances, craft work and different cuisines spread out at \"Maati Ke Rang\" silver jubilee celebrations of Zonal Cultural Centre at Parade Ground in Sector 5, Panchkula, gave a special treat to the visitors on a sunny Sunday. The favourite among many was the traditional rice beer served in a bamboo beer mug.The food stalls offered traditional rich and sumptuous food and the visitors were pampered with an unlimited choice of snacks and main course meals. And providing them perfect company were hundreds of folk dancers, who entertained them with their traditional cultural dance forms.The food street behind each zonal centre mini village offered multi-varied traditional cuisines prepared by chefs, who used herbal ingredients to prepare these. The popular food stalls included the Assamese food stall offering special smoked chicken, black rice pudding, pork red chilly, pork fry, chicken fry, chicken coconut rice, rice beer, all made with special herbal ingredients grown in North East region.The Manipuri food stall offers unheard but very delectable cuisines like eromba, sinju, proautti, pakoda and natuga. The Naga food stall was popular for its chicken with bamboo shoots whereas Sikkim food stall offered special chow, momo and aloodam.At the Allahabad food stall one can't resist the temptation of tasting the awadhi dum aaloo, jalebi and chaat papdi. For those with a sweet tooth, the stalls had motichoor ladoo, khoya mithayi, Khaste damaloo, kachori with paneer ki sabzi. Special samosa from Allahabad was the hot seller.Maharashtrian food stall had jawar ki roti with baingan ka bharta, matka roti with varadi mutton, puran podi (meethi roti) was also liked a lot by visitors.The most popular Hyderabad food with varied styles of non vegetarian and vegetarian biryani is also available at the Hyderabad food stall. Ginger chicken, mutton curry, paneer butter masala, mix veg curry, veg dum biryani, dum ka mutton biryani, dum ka chicken biryani, dum ka green chicken, kurmani ka meeta, sheer khurma meeta, dum ki biryani, lemon rice were some of the popular dishes relished by visitors.Like the arts and crafts of the state, the traditional food of Rajasthan, was also available at the fest. The food preparation involves complex and exquisite methodology, which was used in the preparation of food for the royalty.The Gujrati food stall at the venue offered special besan dhokla, theple, khaman, fafda, methi ghota. Chefs from Tamil Nadu had preparing special South Indian cuisines for visitors, which included appam, kulzhi paniyaram, chettinadu chicken, chettinadu fish fry, dasai and Tamil Nadu special thaali. West Bengal known for special sweet delicacies, also dished out special Bengali rasgulas and nalin gur ka sandesh for the visitors.Kashmiri food known all over the country for its distinctive flavours and rich food is offering rishta goshtava, tabak shorba, chicken korma kashmiri, pulao meet, chapli kabab, dal kashmiri and kashmiri roti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12686086", "title": "Film fest gets off", "text": "BHOPAL: A week-long Film Festival is being jointly organised in Bhopal by the Madhya Pradesh IAS Officers Association (IOA) and Madhyam from April 14. Films based on the theme of war and holocaust will be screened at the festival.Addressing the opening ceremony at Ravindra Bhawan, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said, \"Madhya Pradesh is a unique state and has immense potential. We heartily embrace people coming here for exploring the state.\" Chouhan welcomed film producers to establish a film city in Bhopal assuring to deliver all the required facilities. \"It will give employment opportunities to youths and chance to local artistes to showcase their talent,\" he said.Leader of Opposition Ajay Singh, in his address, said the state is known for its creativity and positive attitude towards art and culture.Film director Prakash Jha along with Arjun Rampal , Kabir Bedi and Daya Shankar Pandey were also present on the occasion.PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683704", "title": "Schol watch", "text": "NEWCASTLE UNIVERSITY INDIA SCHOLARSHIPSThe International Office is delighted to announce 10 Newcastle University Indian Scholarship (NUIS PG) awards. These are available for high achieving Indian students applying for entry onto postgraduate taught degree programmes within the Faculties of Science, Agriculture and Engineering (SAgE), Medical Sciences (FMS) and the Newcastle University Business School (NUBS) commencing their studies in September 2012. Each scholarship will have a value of \u00a32,000, payable towards the first year of tuition fees.ELIGIBILITY:You could be eligible to apply for a NUIS PG award if: you have been offered a place on any postgraduate taught degree programme in the faculties of SAgE or FMS or Newcastle University Business School you are an Indian national and have been assessed as international/overseas for fees purposes you have an average of 70% or more in Bachelor's degree and satisfy all other requirements you intend to register to start your studies during the 2012-13 academic yearHOW TO APPLY:Application form can be downloaded from www.ncl.ac.uk/postgraduate/funding/search/list /nuis including a personal statement of not more than 500 words. Completed application forms should be sent to india@ncl.ac.ukFURTHER INFORMATION:The closing date for receipt of applications is June 30, 2012. Country managers will award on the basis of best qualified students and content of personal statement - in consultation with Head of International Recruitment and faculty representatives. Please note that NUIS PG applications cannot be considered for candidates unless they have already applied for and been offered a place to study at the University.GDF SUEZ / MEEA SCHOLARSHIPThe French ministry of external and European affairs (MEEA) and GDF SUEZ has instituted a programme for hosting and supporting outstanding foreign students in France. The co-financed GDF SUEZ/MEEA scholarship programme for the academic year 2012-2013 is for students from Brazil, Chile, India and Lebanon, who are currently enrolled in academic courses. Only candidates holding the nationality of one of these four countries are eligible for this programme. A maximum of six scholarships will be awarded for the academic year 2012-2013 .The co-financed GDF SUEZ/MEEA scholarships will be given for a year of studies in France at Ecole Polytechnique for the second year of Master's . Candidates selected for this programme will receive, from the GDF SUEZ Group , a scholarship of 13,000 euros, a tutorship during their academic year in France and may be given the opportunity to work with the group. The Embassy of France will bear the expenses of providing social security to the selected candidates, which confers on them the status of a French government scholarship holder and all the advantages that go with it (facilitation of visa application process, etc) as well as French courses ahead of their departure for France. The scholarship holders of this programme will be accommodated at the campus of Ecole Polytechnique at Saclay. The application for the scholarship should be sent at scholarship.france@gmail.com only.APPLICATION DEADLINE:May 11 For further details, please follow these links below: www.india-campusfrance .org / www.ambafrance-in .org/ www.inde.campusfrance.org/en/page/gdf-suezmeea-co-financed-scholarship", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683778", "title": "Skill power", "text": "Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (GGSIPU) is introducing three new regular courses - MTech in food processing technology, PG Diploma in radiological physics and PG Diploma in educational management - from this academic year.All three programmes are being introduced in view of the increasing demand in these fields. The MTech programme has been launched, keeping in mind the growing demand for skilled and technologically equipped manpower in the sector.\"Entry of big brands in the food retail market has increased the momentum of growth in the fruit and vegetable processing sector. The course aims to provide insight into the recent technology relevant to the current food processing sector. It deals in-depth with the nutraceuticals , health and diet foods. The course deals with how to design a product in labs to its market launch in various sectors of food processing ,\" says RK Gupta, faculty, School of Biotechnology.Students with a BE, BTech, MS and MSc background will be eligible for the course. As to job prospects, he informs, students can go in for food processing sectors, nutraceutical industries , regulatory bodies, food standards and analysis companies. Also, they can look for a career in food research institutes in India and abroad.As for the second course on offer, Avinash Sharma, faculty, School of Sciences, says that till now, radiological physics as a discipline, was offered only at the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC), Mumbai. Now, the university will be offering a PG Diploma in the subject on the same pattern as taught at BARC.Sharma adds, \"Students can opt for jobs like radiation safety officers in research institutes, in health care centres, specialty hospitals, cancer research institutes, etc. The university has already tied up with a few hospitals for handson-training as well as for future placements.\"Students from MSc in physics, biophysics with mathematics, as a must at the UG level, will be eligible for the course.The third course, PG diploma in educational management, is designed to cater to the needs of leadership in the education sector. \"The course deals with creating leaders in the field of education,\" says Saroj Sharma, faculty, School of Education.She adds, students after completing the course, can make careers in policy-planning , work in NGOs and government agencies.As for eligibility, graduates from any discipline with 50% aggregate marks can apply for the course.Apart from this, the university is also going to start a new centre for study and propagation of human values.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12682242", "title": "Two more under scanner over sleaze CD in Bhanwari case", "text": "JODHPUR: Two more politically connected men are now under the scanner of the CBI in the Bhanwari Devi case. After identifying 17 accused in its chargesheet filed in a court, the agency is now concentrating on former BJP leader Shambhu Singh Khetasar and dalit community leader Kana Ram Devra after the resumption of the investigation from this week.Though these two were interrogated by the CBI a number of times earlier, they are being investigated for their alleged role in making the sleaze CD of Mahipal Maderna and Bhanwari Devi public and managing her husband Amarchand after the abduction of Bhanwari Devi.Since the resumption of the investigation from Wednesday, the CBI has constantly been interrogating Khetasar and Devra. Khetasar is suspected to be behind obtaining the sleaze CD and making it public besides producing Amarchand before media and making him spill the entire allegation on Maderna. He is also believed to have financed this entire episode with interest in targeting Maderna as his political enemy as both of them had contested assembly election from Osian constituency against each other.With this suspicion, the CBI is also investigating as to what extent Khetasar was involved in this case. He also has been interrogated earlier and after three sessions had started evading the summons followed by a road accident making the CBI to resort to the court. Khetasar is believed to have evaded the summons on Sunday also.Similarly, Devra is also suspected for his association with Indra Bishnoi. According to the statements of Amarchand, it was Devra, who had claimed to have seen the sleaze CD and asked Amarchand to collect the payment from Indra besides asking him to file a complaint against Maderna in the court and not taking the name of Malkhan Singh Bishnoi in the case.Now in the absence of Indra Bishnoi, CBI is also trying to find out whether their role was limited to implicating Maderna or they were aware of the entire conspiracy right from the beginning and were mute supporters of the game.No trace of FBI reportJaipur: The CBI is still awaiting the Federal Bureau of Investigation's (FBI) report on the bones collected from Jaloda village in Jodhpur in the Bhanwari Devi case though the deadline has passed long time back. Earlier it was claimed that the report will be received by March 26. Then it was claimed that it would take two more weeks for the FBI to send the reports. But now the agency is expressing ignorance by what time it will receive the report.Many factors including several accused turning hostile after recording their statement before the magistrate and failure to trace key accused Indra Bishnoi are already affecting the prosecution's case, said experts. In such a scenario, the FBI's report could prove to be a major deciding factor in the case.The agency had sent the bones to FBI to get them examined through 'Touch DNA' technology which is not available in India. The decision was taken as the few pieces of bones found from the spot were burnt to an extent where their forensic examination was not possible under technology available here.The reports of the bones being those of animals last month had dealt a heavy blow to the ongoing CBI investigation as several accused who had recorded their statement under Section 164 of CrPC had turned hostile or refused to testify after that.Bhanwari's husband Amarchand and other key suspects including Sahiram Bishnoi, Umesharam Bishnoi, Bishnaram Bishnoi and Kailash Jakhar have already retracted from their statement recorded before a magistrate. They have all requested the court not to read their statement during trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "12683024", "title": "Jacob Zuma, South Africa president, to wed for 6th time at 70", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: South African president Jacob Zuma, who turned 70 last week, will marry for the sixth time next weekend when he takes his long-time fiancee , Bongi Ngema, as his fourth current wife, his spokesman said on Sunday.Polygamy forms part of Zulu culture and is legal in South Africa, and Zuma, a Zulu traditionalist, has 21 children. \"President Jacob Zuma will be formalizing his relationship with his fiancee by having a private traditional ceremony this coming weekend,\" said Zuma's spokesman, Mac Maharaj. The ceremony will take place in Nkandla in KwaZulu Natal province, Maharaj said. Zuma is also married to Sizakele Zuma, Nompumelelo Ntuli-Zuma and Tobeka Madiba-Zuma .He was married to home affairs minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma , and to Kate Mantsho-Zuma who committed suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12680882", "title": "Bollywood not starry-eyed about America anymore", "text": "MUMBAI: The US seems to be losing its lure for Bollywood with \"racial profiling\" and visa problems apparently forcing directors and producers to look for locales elsewhere. And Shah Rukh Khan's recent detention at White Plains Airport in New York for extended questioning has brought the problem faced by the film industry to the fore.If 2008-09 saw films like Dostana, New York, Kambakt Ishq and Love Aaj Kal shot in America, the figure dwindled to two-Anjana Anjani and Kurbaan- in 2010-11 and merely one, Ek Main Aur Ek Tu, in 2012. Director Kabir Khan said, \"My visa was rejected thrice before I got permission to shoot for New York. The story of the film made it mandatory for me to shoot there.\"If they have to shoot in the US, producers avoid taking large units because of visa problems. And like Shah Rukh Khan , many other members from the film industry have apparently faced trouble at US airports and even rejected over their \"names\".To avoid such complication over \"racial profiling\", directors have learnt to go in for the visa procedure much earlier than required. Sajid Nadiadwala, who has shot three of his films in the US over the past five years, said, \"Certain names in my unit face visa trouble. Since we now know that the US consulate will raise questions over their names, we fill their applications slightly in advance.\"In 2009, the US stood third on the list of popular shooting locations, but this year, it has slipped down, with Thailand being on the top; last year, more than 50 Hindi films were shot there, followed by South Africa and Australia. Producer Rajat Rawail, who shot Ready in Thailand, reasons out: \"Visa and permit delays is one of the main reasons for not taking films to America, which is not friendly towards Indian films. Unlike it, other countries go out of their way to woo Bollywood.\"Kabir Khan, who shot his film, Ek Tha Tiger, in five countries, including Turkey , Cuba and Ireland , was impressed with the warm welcome extended to his unit everywhere. \"Luckily for the movie, I didn't have to shoot in America. One of the main problems there is getting visa for the unit. It is really upsetting when some of unit members' visas are rejected.\"Actor Aamir Bashir, who played Shah Rukh's brother in My Name Is Khan-the movie in which SRK spent considerable amount of money and effort to send across the message that he is \"not a terrorist\" -could not travel to America to shoot for another film for the same reason.President of Film and Television Producers Guild Ramesh Sippy also agrees that visa troubles do play spoilsport while shooting in America. \"There was a time when western locales were a craze and people shot at places including New York, California and Canada . But now the stories that are coming out of Bollywood are very Indian and so the need for shooting in western countries has also reduced. This indicates that people have had their fill of western locations.\"Apart from its supposed unfriendliness towards Indian filmmakers, another reason why America is losing its popularity is its distance from India. Rawail said, \"Most actors nowadays multi-task. Along with acting, they also attend award functions and shoot for commercials. They cannot travel back and forth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12685837", "title": "University executive committee holds meet", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The meeting of the executive council (EC) of Allahabad University was held on Sunday. Among various issues, the meeting approved the proposal amounting to around Rs 2,200 crore of the 12th five year plan of university that would be submitted to the UGC.The EC members approved the draft which had already been tabled at the meeting of the academic council and finance committee, meeting of which was held on April 12.After incorporating the changes suggested by these two bodies, the report was tabled at the EC meeting which approved the draft. It would now be sent to the UGC. The university had sought funds of Rs 2,200 crore from the UGC for various projects, including starting the faculty of medicine and faculty of engineering. It was debated that university can also try to uplink the delinked MLN Medical College with the university.The EC also discussed the faculty recruitment issue in light of the recent decision of the Allahabad High Court regarding the non-NET applicants who have enrolled before 2009.It was decided that the matter should first be decided by the academic council and then by the EC.Likewise, on the issue of the date of eligibility of the promotion of teachers, the report of the committee was tabled at the EC, which advocated for expediting the process of giving benefit to the teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12682197", "title": "Two motorcycles, bike silencer stolen in city", "text": "NASHIK: Two vehicles were reported stolen from different parts of the city. According to reports, a two-wheeler worth Rs 8,000 was stolen while it was parked in Chowk Mandia in the Bhadrakali area. The theft took place between 8-10pm on April 8.Rahul Gaikwad of Dwarka, has lodged a complaint with the Bhadrakali police.In another incident, a bike worth Rs 20,000 belonging to a police constable was stolen, while it was parked in front of Jeetendra automobile showroom. The incident took place on Friday between 2.30-3.30pm. Police constable Rahul Shevre of Hanuman Nagar, Jail Road, has lodged a complaint with the Bhadrakali police. Meanwhile, in another case, the silencer of a bike was stolen.According to reports, Rajesh Mulchandani of Govind Sankul, Krushna Nagar, Panchavati, had parked his bike at his residence when the silencer was stolen on the night of April 13.3L stolen from house: Rs 3 lakh was stolen in a house break-in in broad daylight on April 14. In a complaint lodged by one Jagdish Nandwani of Akashdeep Co-operative Society, Mohan Nagar, Ganjamal, the complainant said the break-in happened between 10am and 3pm, when the house was locked. The unidentified burglars broke the latch and lock of the house to make their way in and escaped with the cash kept inside a cupboard. The Bhadrakali police are investigating the case.1 dead in car accident: A woman was crushed to death by a speeding multi-utility vehicle in the Panchavati area of the city. The woman, Sunita Bhende (45), a resident of the area around the east entrance of the Kala Ram Temple in Panchavati, was walking in the stretch between Sardar Chowk and Nag Chowk on April 13, around 9.30pm, when a speeding car hit her. The driver escaped in the car without informing anyone about the accident. The Panchavati police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12702842", "title": "Pro and anti dam supporters intensify their stir in Uttarakhand", "text": "DEHRADUN: Amid the growing clamour against shelving hydro-power projects across River Bhagirathi in Uttarakhand, chief minister Vijay Bahuguna is all set to push ahead his agenda for resumption of the same. The meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority to be convened tomorrow by Manmohan Singh will have the chief minister pitching for recommencement of work on scrapped hydel projects across Uttarakhand.Bahaguna accompanied by senior officials will be stepping up efforts to boost the dismal power situation in the state and enhance developmental work. Bahuguna and his team of bureaucrats are seeking revival of construction work on the NTPC owned 600 MW Lohari Nagpala, the state government owned 480 MW Pala Maneri and the 350 MW Bhairav Ghatti.Mounting environmental concerns prompted the UPA government to halt work on the Lohari Nagpala plant and other state government projects at a meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority in November 2010. The move to scrap the 440 MW Vishnusagar projects in Chamoli district too sparked outcry among those in favour of hydel projects in the state.The tussle between pro and anti-demonstrators also refuses to end. Those against construction of hydel projects are raising the banner of environmental degradation caused by the projects. Crusaders for the Ganga such as Hemant Dhyani are rallying in remote districts of Uttarakhand to stir public conscience. Dhyani had also actively supported the month long indefinite fast-unto-death, by former IITian turned activist G.D Aggarwal, against the construction of hydel projects across the state. Dhyani is a firm proponent of run-over-the river hydro power instead of major projects that have a perverse environmental impact.Advocates of hydel power projects are threatening to embark on a fast-unto-death if the NGRBA failed to arrive at a consensus on commissioning work on the plants at the meet. Discontent is peaking with demonstrators hitting out at the UPA for impeding development work on the projects. The demonstrators which include members from different social and non political organizations sharpened their pitch against what they called 'policies of the UPA that were inimical to the interests of the state'. Protesters said the comatose state of hydel projects was draining the state's exchequer with the state procuring electricity at the rate of Rs. 500 crores per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683655", "title": "Diabetic foot care", "text": "Those suffering from diabetes will understand the importance of foot care. Stuart Baird and Christine Skinner, both podiatrists, from Scotland's Glasgow Caledonian University (GCU), are visiting Trivandrum and Calicut to train 140 physicians in diabetic foot care on April 17 at the Institute of Palliative Medicine, Calicut.\"In India the role of the specialist podiatrist is undertaken by physicians . This programme builds on physicians' knowledge and provides skills required to manage this challenging group of patients,\" says Stuart Baird, head, podiatric medicine and surgery, GCU.Baird and Skinner, previously World Health Organisation (WHO) consultants in diabetic foot disease, will demonstrate how to assess and manage complications.According to Baird, \"The programme will help physicians assess the patient for peripheral neuropathy , peripheral arterial disease and structural deformity. This assessment can be carried out in the relatively short and precious time the physician has for consultation to produce an individualised risk assessment for diabetics.\"GCU has partnered with Institute of Palliative Medicine, Calicut and Kerala Institute of Medical Sciences , Trivandrum. It is important that patients at risk of developing Diabetic Foot Disease are identified quickly as around 85% of lower limb amputation caused by the disease is preventable.GCU offers programmes in podiatry and an MSc in diabetes care and management.www.gcu.ac.uk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "12681587", "title": "Will free Muslims falsely accused of terror: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "FAIZABAD: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday said his government would free Muslim youth who had been falsely implicated under terror charges. He was in the city to attend party MLA Tej Narain Pandey's wedding reception.The state government has sought opinion from the law department to withdraw cases against the accused in the November 2007 serial blasts in Faizabad and Lucknow court premises, Akhilesh said. \"We are committed to our poll manifesto and those Muslim youth who were arrested under false terror charges would be released soon,\" the chief minister said.On reports of newborn babies being sold at government hospitals, Akhilesh said, \"If there is any truth in these allegations, we will ask the district administration to help the families.\"Akhilesh said complaints of illegal mining in the state were being looked into and added that his government was considering revamping the existing mining policy.Raising the controversial issue of changing names of districts, Samajwadi Party leader Jai Shankar Pandey requested Akhilesh to change the name of Ambedkarnagar to Lohiyanagar. A part of undivided Faizabad, Ambedkarnagar was carved out of Faizabad in 1996 under the Mayawati government. Being the birthplace of Ram Manohar Lohiya, SP leaders demanded that the district be named after the socialist leader.Akhilesh reiterated his promise to leave statues in the parks constructed by Mayawati untouched. He said the government would build schools, colleges and hospitals on empty spaces available within the parks.Akhilesh said Ayodhya and Faizabad would jointly get the status of a municipal corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686141", "title": "Bouncers on a rampage", "text": "It was a poolside event in the Mumbai summers. Needless to say there were scantily clad beauties scattered around. Add to that two Bollywood actresses Amy Jackson and Neha Dhupia - and it made for a heady mix at an alcohol launch event at a suburban five star on Sunday evening .The paparazzi were beginning to have a ball when a security man, Prateek Chauhan, hired specifically for the ceremony, lost his cool. Deciding to be the saviour of the ladies' modesty, he beat up two photographers. Soon after, he realised that perhaps thrashing the media when they had been specially invited to click pictures wasn't the norm and fled. The beat up lensmen however dragged another security personnel to the nearest Santa Cruz police station to lodge an official complaint.The two photographers who were injured the most were Satyajit Desai and Dashrat Kadam. Talking to Mumbai Mirror, Satyajit said, \"It is not that we photographers fall on celebrities. We do this everyday. The bouncer started beating me, and whoever tried to intervene. Right now, I am at a hospital. The other photographer is badly injured. We went to the police station to file a complaint.\"\"The guy who beat us had fled so we picked up another man and went to the police station. The cops went after the guy who beat us,\" added Satya. Within a couple of hours, Prateek was however found by the cops and brought to the police station. Though Prateek did apologise profusely, an FIR was lodged against him.Another photographer angry at the episode said, \"If they are calling us for an event where there are celebrities, we will take pictures. Who are these security people to hit cameramen so badly? Are they police officers?\"According to an eyewitness, the brawl started when the photographers were trying to click Amy Jackson. However, the actress denied there had been any such incident in her presence. \"I didn't see anything of that sort when I was being photographed. And I don't believe that physical violence is the answer for anything. Everyone should be dealt and treated with respect,\" said the actress.Neha Dhupia had already left the event when the security personnel and the photographers came to fisticuffs. \"Sorry, I had no idea that such a thing had happened. And it's extremely unfortunate that a fight had taken place,\" Neha told Mirror.A rather beat up Satyajit however said, \"I will forgive the security person only if he apologises for his behaviour.\" Magnanimous, indeed!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12681282", "title": "Four students allege city police excess", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four students from Chennai have alleged of police excess against them after three policemen intercepted their vehicle near Thadagam road late Saturday night.They claimed that the police personnel misbehaved with them and demanded Rs 1,000 as fine from them for not carrying documents and also refused to hand over the payment receipt to them. The matter was brought to the notice of deputy commissioner of police (law and order) Hema Karunagaran, who reached the spot at around 1am and allowed the students to leave.\"I will look into the matter and also bring it to the attention of the city police commissioner,\" said Hema Karunagaran.Four students from the School of Audio Engineering at Nugambakkam, Chennai arrived here to shoot a music video as part of their college project and were stopped by three policemen, while returning from work.\"The police asked us to show our licence and other vehicle documents, but they demanded Rs 1,000 from us since we did not have the pollution certificate. One of us withdrew money from a nearby ATM to pay the fine, but they refused to give the receipt,\" said Sibi Marappan, one of the students.Meanwhile, a heated argument broke out between the policemen and the students, after one of them pointed out that the policemen were not wearing official badge. However, the matter was sorted out after the DCP arrived at the spot and allowed the students to leave. A written complaint is expected to be filed on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12685695", "title": "Rural masses main focus of polio drive", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 2,28,519 children were administered polio drops at more then 2141 booths in the city on Sunday. According to the health authorities, the focus of this special monthly polio drives is specially on the children of migrant labourers, slum children and children belonging to minorities in the district.District Magistrate MP Agrawal inaugurated the polio booth at AHM Dufferin Hospital at 9 am. He administered polio drops to nearly 50 children. Also, special measures have been adopted to attract families from rural areas of the district to participate in polio drives. For this, traditional modes like 'Dhol' and 'Manjeere' were played to gather the rural masses and educate them about the significance of polio drops.The event was kickstarted with higher district officials administered polio drops to new born at AHM-Dufferin Hospital. After this, the booth day was marked with thousands of polio vaccines administration in booths. The booths were set up in various parts of the district including government and private hospitals, family welfare sub-centres, Anganwadis, schools, bus stands, and railway stations.\"This week long polio mission will include more then 100 mobile teams in which nearly 10,000 volunteers will take part, including the booth day. It will include health department workers, Anganwadi workers, ASHA (Accredited Social Health Activist), nursing students, and members of voluntary organizations as well,\" said Dr Jai Singh, chief medical officer of the district.After the booth day, from Monday, the volunteers will visit every household and give the oral drop to the kids who have not been left out. According to the estimates of the health department, the target is to administer five lakh polio drops this time.The officials further added that \"people must get their children administered the polio drops who are below the age of five years. This practice should be adopted various times as just one administration of polio vaccine is not sufficient to curb the disease.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhiwandi", "code": "12682010", "title": "3 injured, 4 vehicles damaged during Bhiwandi civic election", "text": "BHIWANDI: Four vehicles were damaged and three people injured in five separate incidents of violence during the Bhiwandi- Nizampur Municipal Corporation (BNMC) elections on Sunday.A little over 50% voters turned up to exercise their franchise amid heavy police bandobast. There was a marginal increase of about 3% in voter turnout this year as against 48% during the last civic poll in 2007. A total of 632 candidates contested the polls for 90 seats in the BNMC.Independent candidates have held the fort at the BNMC for the last 10 years with support from either the Congress-NCP combine, the Samajwadi Party or the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance. This year, all the parties are going it alone in the BNMC election and several Independents are in the fray.Shyam Agrawal, BJP candidate from ward number 47, alleged that Shiv Sena candidate Kamlakar Patil's supporters indulged in bogus voting and damaged his vehicle when he protested.In Dhamakar Naka area, NCP and Sena workers clashed over bogus voting. Police had to resort to a mild lathicharge to control Independent candidates' supported who had gathered outside the BNMC headquarters to protest against alleged bogus voting at polling booths.Deputy commissioner of police (zone II) C G Daithankar said, \"There were stray incidents of violence, but overall the situation was normal.\"Three candidates -Sena's Urmila Chaudhary and Balaram Chaudhary and Manoj Mhatre of the Congress-were declared winners because there were no rival candidates in their wards.Results for the remaining seats will be declared on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12686399", "title": "In Indore, new resource centre aims at lowering malnutrition in state", "text": "INDORE: To support Atal Child Health and Nutrition Mission and tackle the problem of malnutrition in state, a divisional level nutritional resource centre was inaugurated in the community medicine department of the Mahatma Gandhi Medical College on Saturday. The centre inaugurated by minister of medical education Mahendra Hardia will support the mission on nutrition surveillance, micro planning and implementation of special schemes.The new centre that has been established at the medical college will facilitate the convergence of faculties of community medicine, pediatrics and women and child welfare department to take forward its soul objective of reducing malnutrition.\"The centre will provide technical support, advocacy support, support in decentralized district planning, training and programme implementation. Various departments are working in lowering the malnutrition rate but in different direction. The centre has been set up to converge all departments and collaboratively working in the same direction,\" said Dr Sanjay Dixit, head of department, community medicine.In order to improve the nutrition and health status of children, state government in August last year had felt the need for setting up nutrition resource centres at all government medical colleges. The government has planned to take convergent action for effective and integrated service delivery with a focus on children below two years, pregnant women and adolescent girls.The nutrition resource centres have been established at two levels - state and divisional levels - in the community medicine departments. The pediatric departments will provide support as per the requirements of the resource centres. The State Nutrition Resource Centre (SNRC) will be the nodal unit which will coordinate with the mission office and the division level nutrition resource centers (DNRCs).The SNRC, based at Bhopal's Gandhi Medical College, will also be responsible for the above activities as well as for the capacity building of divisional nutrition resource centers, home science colleges and training institutions of DWCD and health departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682661", "title": "With plans in pipeline, water woes to continue", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This summer, large parts of the city, particularly the southern sectors will face problems of water shortage and low water pressure. Nine plans for installing water pumping boosters at various sites have been pending with the UT's administration for over one year for approval. These projects are still on paper and even if these are approved now, implementation would take the entire season.The Chandigarh municipal corporation had surveyed and sent drawings of nine water pumping boosters at various sites of the city to the UT administration for approval over a year ago, but it has not been got. The plan to install boosters to ensure better water pressure, is still on paper, leaving the public to face water woes in summers.This matter had come up for discussion at the recently held meeting of the water supply committee of the MC. While giving details, former city mayor and member of the committee Subash Chawla said, \"We were surprised to listen to the executive engineer's reply that they can't do anything as the drawings for installation of nine boosters have not been cleared by UT even a over a year. These boosters have been planned for various areas, mainly the southern part where there is a major water supply problem in summers. Scarcity is being felt in some parts of the city already.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12682188", "title": "Board paper correctors want better work conditions", "text": "PANAJI: Teachers carrying out paper corrections for the Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education's Class X and XII public examinations have demanded that the paper corrections be held at an earlier date as they are entirely deprived of a summer vacation. The gap of 10 days between the day a paper is held and the day corrections begin needs to be reduced, the teachers said.\"Teachers correcting the Class X Hindi paper, for instance, which was held on April 10, have been called for corrections only on April 24. We have taken up this issue with board officials. But they say that the 10-day gap is required for coding of the papers, which is a process that helps identify the students. We believe this process is carried out at a very slow pace by the board,\" Vithoba Dessai, president of All Goa School Teachers' Association said.\"We are told by the board that the ten-day gap is kept in case there is time to rectify any error in coding the papers. But we do not buy this argument as a human error can take place anyway during the entire process,\" Dessai said.Teachers said that the gap means paper correction is carried out after the actual academic year ends. \"Schools declare their results by April 21. This marks the end of the academic year. The Hindi paper correctors will be called after the year ends on April 24. But yet the payment for the correction work remains poor,\" Dessai said.Teachers said that the remuneration paid to them for correction of papers remains negligible as it has not been revised for several years now. Around 300 teachers correcting papers for the Goa board feel burdened with the work due to this indifference on the part of the board, Dessai said.\"Schools have to give teachers carrying out board paper corrections compensatory leave when the new academic year begins so they can enjoy time off like all other teachers who get more than a month's vacation during summer. But schools continue to deprive these paper correctors of the compensatory leave. The situation has not improved despite taking it up with the school managements and the board on several occasions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12683581", "title": "Cycles slowly losing popularity in Pune?", "text": "PUNE: The humble bicycle is losing its popularity in Pune and 10 other districts of the state with Mumbai being an exception where its use has increased marginally, says the data released by the directorate of census operations Maharashtra.Between 2001 and 2011, the number of households using bicycles in Mumbai has increased by 0.4%. Mumbai, however, is the district which still has the lowest number of households (8.8%) using bicycles in the state. In Pune district, the number of households using bicycles has gone down from 45.7% to 35.4%. Incidentally , Pune, which was considered a pensioner's paradise once, still has more number of people pedaling than the state average of 30.5%.Thane, Nashik, Ahmednagar, Nagpur, Nandurbar, Jalgaon, Buldhana , Akola, Chandrapur and Sindhudurg too have registered a decline in use.The districts that have shown an increased liking for bicycles are Satara , Sangli, Solapur, Kolhapur, Ratnagiri , Osmanabad, Latur, Bid, Aurangabad , Jalna, Parbhani, Hingoli, Nanded, Gadchiroli, Gondia, Bhandara , Wardha, Amravati, Washim and Dhule.Jugal Rathi, an avid cycler and a member of the Pune Cycle Prathisthan , said, \"There could be a number of reasons for decline in use of bicycles in Pune. Firstly, changes in the lifestyle of people who prefer their own motorized vehicles. Besides, availability of easy funding to buy a personal motor vehicle too has contributed to decline in use of cycles. Also, owning a vehicle has become a matter of prestige. There has been a considerable increase in the distance people travel and the speed at which they want to reach their destinations . Though I still believe that for travelling shorter distances up to five or 10 kms, bicycle is more convenient than cars.\"On reasons why districts like Gondia, Bhandara and Nagpur have more people cycling, Rathi, who has undertaken an inter-state tour on his bicycle, says the district administrations there have taken efforts to promote use of bicycles, especially in rural areas. \"At many places during our tour we could find cycle repair shops at short distances,\" he said.Harshad Abhyankar of the Save Pune Traffic Movement said, \"Vendors who earlier used bicycles are now using mopeds. Invariably, with less use of bicycles, and increasing use of two-wheelers and cars, reliance on public transport has decreased . People seem to be happy with whatever public transport facilities they get. Also, there is no political will to improve public transport facilities, adding to use of personal vehicles.\"Director of census operations in Maharashtra, Ranjitsingh Deol, said the census directorate will soon release data on use of public transport by people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12687034", "title": "Open Indo-Nepal border cause of concern: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday said the open Indo-Nepal border is emerging as a possible ingress point for anti-national elements because of strict vigil on the country's borders with Pakistan and Bangladesh.Speaking at the internal security conference of chief ministers here, the newly-elected UP CM said the 550km-long border with the state requires special policing arrangement to put a check on any possible anti-national activity.\"I would like to attract the attention of the centre for establishing adequate number of integrated check-posts and special police arrangements to control any possible anti-national activities.Akhilesh also demanded an eight fold hike for funds allocated to the state for the modernisation of police from the current Rs 100 crore to Rs 800 crore.The chief minister said considering the large size of the state, present contribution of the centre for the modernisation of police is very less and needs to be at least 10 per cent of the state police budget which is Rs 8,000 crore.Akhilesh said frequent changes being implemented by the centre in crime and criminal tracking methods were not allowing full implementation of the system in the states.The young chief minister sought the centre's help in getting advanced systems and equipment for information and intelligence collection.He also said that the upcoming Kumbh Mela in 2013 would attract crore of pilgrims from across the globe and demanded help with regard to intelligence, manpower and security apparatus from the centre to conduct the event smoothly.Akhilesh said Ghaziabad and Gautam Budh Nagar should be included in Mega city policing projects and provided with sophisticated weapons and systems.He also demanded Rs 5,000 crore central help for improving the strength of state police.The chief minister said the state requires help in advanced non-lethal weapons systems to control riot-like situations and said a proposal of Rs 750 crore has been sent to the centre seeking help in modernisation of the state forensic science laboratories.Expressing concern over the growing menace of fake currency, he demanded setting up of a special laboratory in Lucknow or Kanpur to identify such notes.He said tackling left wing extremism requires police intervention as well as social and economic development and demanded centre's increased help in the development schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12682598", "title": "Engineer commits suicide", "text": "PATNA: An engineer, Vivek Ranjan (26), committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling fan with the help of a bed sheet late on Saturday night. The incident occurred in flat number B-25 of multi-storied Ashoka Apartment at Machali Gali under the Shastrinagar police station.Vivek's father Rajiv Ranjan is a Punjab National Bank (PNB) official posted in the state capital while his mother, Meena Ranjan, is a housewife.City SP, Patna, Kim said the reason behind the suicide was yet to be ascertained. She said recently Vivek's mother had rebuked him for returning home late. \"But that cannot be the reason behind such an extreme step,\" she added.An official of the Shastrinagar police station said the family members have not given any clue to the possible reasons behind the suicide. He said Vivek had obtained a B Tech degree in 2011. A case of unnatural death was lodged with the police station, a police officer said.As the news of the suicide spread in the locality, relatives and well-wishers of the family reached the flat and consoled the family members. Vivek's maternal uncle Rajiv Ranjan Verma told TOI that Vivek had compltede his B Tech from a Chennai college and was currently pursuing a Java course from an institute in the state capital. He said he was also preparing for the Combined Defence Service examination.Verma said Vivek was the only son of the family. He has an elder sister. He said the flat has three rooms and Vivek used to sleep in one of the rooms. Verma said on Saturday night, Vivek went to sleep in his room and when he did not open the door till late on Sunday morning, his parents knocked at the door, but there was no response.He said when they forcibly opened the door of the room, they found him hanging from the ceiling fan. \"There is no apparent reason behind the suicide as Vivek never spoke about any problem to his parents. If he had any problem, he could have told them and they would have sorted it out,\" Verma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12686380", "title": "In Indore, demand for petrol cars surge", "text": "INDORE: Waiting is a common thing, when it comes to the delivery of a new diesel car, which has become the flavour of the car market in the country due to the rise in petrol prices. But, what if you are told that a petrol car is not readily available, no need to wonder as it prevails with certain auto companies in the state. The petrol models of auto majors like Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai and Toyota hit the waiting period hurdle ranging from 15 days to three months.Praveen Patel, Maruti Suzuki's dealer in Indore, confirmed it and said that he was finding it difficult to supply petrol version of Dzire cars to his customers in time. He said that more than 20 customers have booked the car but delay in supply affected delivery.Maruti-Suzuki's new version of the Dzire model has a waiting period ranging between one and three months, in the entire Madhya Pradesh. The company's chief general manager, marketing, Shashank Srivastava, confirmed it here on Saturday. Srivastava, who was here to unveil its seven-seater life utility vehicle Ertiga, told ToI that it is because of the attractive pricing strategy.The price of the new version of the model has come down by Rs 25-30,000, as compared to its old version. It could become possible by reducing the length of the car to less than 4 metre. If the car's length is less than 4 m, then the excise duty, which is charged by the government at the rate of 22%, becomes half at 12% and hence the reduction in price, said Srivastava adding that demand for diesel cars will continue to be in the higher zone during the current fiscal too.\"That is why, we are shortly starting the production of diesel cars at our Gurgaon facility too,\" he said.Hyundai's certain petrol variants like its Verna sedan are also on waiting period of 15-20 days, said the company's local dealer, Aditya Kasliwal.Interestingly, there is a waiting period for petrol versions of Toyota cars too, but for a different reason.Sachin Sharma, group general manager, Toyota, Indore, said that there is a waiting period for petrol version at his showroom because of the colour factor. While white and silver colour cars are readily available with us, it may take 15 days or more in case the customers want other colours of their preference. \"Thus nearly 30% of petrol cars of my company, sold in the city are under waiting period,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandrakona road (west midnapore)", "code": "12682690", "title": "Shah Rukh mania grips Bengal village", "text": "CHANDRAKONA ROAD (WEST MIDNAPORE): The quaint little village of Duki had a brush with fame on Sunday when Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan stepped into the village for the preview of a film city. With hundreds of people thronging the village and choking the streets to catch a glimpse of their favourite hero, Duki became a centre of attention since the wee hours of Sunday morning.The quaint little village called Duki suddenly became the centre of attraction since the wee hours of Sunday morning. None less than Shah Rukh Khan was to step into the village to inaugurate a film city that has been in the making since 2008. And when he did, it was like a fairy tale come true as for kilometers ahead of the venue, people dotted the streets, just for a glimpse of their favourite hero.Spread over an area of 2500 acres, Prayag Film City, as it has been christened, is being touted as one of the biggest in the country. Right from heritage buildings, theme parks, waterbodies to a helipad, hotels, temples and a station with an engine and a few bogies, the film city has every possible outdoor location for film shoots. Not only does it have all modern amenities, but directors can also process their films here. Plans are underway to build miniatures of the seven wonders of the world. The film city will be ready for use by the end of this year.Prayag Film City as it has been christened, is spread over 2500 acres and is being touted as one of the biggest in the country, with all modern amenities for film units to shoot and even process their films. So right from heritage buildings, theme parks, waterbodies complete with chutes and scooties, a helipad, a station with an engine and a few bogies, star hotels, temples etc, you had almost every outdoor locational possibility ready. There's much more to be done like miniatures of the seven wonders of the world. Work is under way and these should be ready before the year is out.\"I am impressed with what I see and am looking forward to shooting here,\" said Shah Rukh amid cheers from his fans.Not the one to disappoint his admirers, the actor delivered some of his famous dialogues from Don, Baazigar and Devdas. When the locals requested him to show a few moves, SRK happily obliged and danced to a song from his superhero flick Ra One.He later delivered some dialogues from Don, Bazigaar and Devdas. Khan did nlot disappoint his fans when they requested him to dance and he danced a few steps on an open stage to a Ra One number.While the superstar bid adieu to his fans, inaugural celebrations continued till late into the night. Bollywood actors Govinda and Urmila Matondkar and singers Kunal Ganjawala and Zubin Garg enthralled the crowd with their performance. They were joined by Tollywood stars Rachna Banerjee and Jeet.Celebrations continued even after Khan left and went late into the night as the stage was later taken over by Govinda, Urmila Matondkar, Kunal Ganjawala, Zubin Garg and Tollywood actors like Rachna Banerjee and Jeet.\"We are hopeful that Tollywood would find all its shooting requirements in our film city and will not have to go too far. This will save them a lot of money. We hope that Bollywood directors will also shoot their films here. We are in talks with top directors across the country,\" said Basudeb Bagchi, spokesperson of the film city.Didi's Delhi visit finally postponed the inauguration of country's largest film city at Chandrakona of West Midnapore on Sunday.Mamata Banerjee in different occasions had expressed that she is very ambitious on this Rs 1000 crore project and in her close circle she hinted that she wants to inaugurate the film city.According to earlier schedule didi supposed to inaugurate the project in presence of the Bengal brand ambassador Sharukh Khan . Due to her Delhi visit the schedule was changed but SRK reportedly made clear that his availability will be uncertain if the organisers change the date.In a hurry, in absence of Mamata Banerjee , state industry minister Partha Mukherjee was invited to inaugurate but Chatterjee preferred to stay away from the programme remembering didi's wish to open the grand project.So finally organisers took SRK at the project and officially it's a curtain raiser and the official inauguration will be soon through a high profile programme where CM and other ministers will be present, confirmed Avik Bagchi, MD Prayag group.Interestingly following the footprint of Chatterjee, none of TMC leaders of the district was seen in the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12686985", "title": "Four more districts included in Security Related Expenditure scheme", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Centre has accepted Odisha's demand to include four more extremism-affected districts under the Security Related Expenditure (SRE) scheme, official sources said on Sunday.The state government had been demanding inclusion of Nuapada, Balangir, Bargarh and Kalahandi districts under SRE. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had also pressed for it at a meeting convened by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in January.\"The Centre has recently sent us a communique stating that the four districts would be covered under SRE,\" an official source said. This follows a report of the Union home ministry on Maoist activities, in which it has categorized Odisha as \"severely affected\" alongside Jharkhand , Chhattisgarh and Bihar.Under SRE, the Union government reimburses in full the money spent on anti-Maoist operations and police infrastructure improvement. With the latest inclusion, 19 out of 30 districts in Odisha would benefit under the central scheme, official sources said. \"For the 15 districts, the state used to get around Rs 80-90 crore per annum as reimbursement. With the addition of four more districts, the central assistance should cross Rs 100 crore a year,\" an official said.The central government, however, is yet to send two dedicated helicopters to battle Maoists, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681497", "title": "Soon, India\u2019s robonaut to hunt for aliens", "text": "NEW DELHI: Is there life out there? This is what India wants to find out by joining a global search for alien life forms.As part of a new project called 'Detection of Life Forms in Other Planets', India will soon build a near human robotic system - a robonaut -- with capability \"for analysis and assessment of air, water and soil and detection of possible life forms\".The Department of Atomic Energy's working group for the 12th five year plan says the quest for detection of life forms existing in other planets than earth will be an interesting and challenging project that India will push to become part of.\"It would be worthwhile to explore partnerships with one of the five space agencies for development of suitable software and hardware for the robotic operations in outer space. The Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) has already expressed its interest in joining the International Space Station programme at the International Astronautical Congress,\" the group said.The International Space Station is operated as a joint programme by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of US, Russian Federal Space Agency (RKA), Canadian Space Agency (CSA), Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) and the European Space Agency ( ESA ).According to the department, the operational costs for development of a robonaut \"may require considerable investments. The contribution from India for the robotic operations will depend on the tasks assigned and agreed to upon by all the partner nations.\"It further says that the costs of development and participation for design, modelling of software and hardware for robotic operations for detection of life forms in outer space and for initial studies, simulation, laboratory trials of critical components is expected to be around Rs 500 crore during the 12th five year plan.NASA's Kennedy Space Center recently unveiled a gold-helmeted robot Robonaut 2 - the first humanoid robot in space that took over 15 years to create. R2 was developed jointly by NASA and General Motors under a cooperative agreement to develop a robotic assistant that can work alongside humans, whether they are astronauts in space or workers at GM manufacturing plants on Earth.The 300-pound R2 consisted of a head and a torso with two arms and two hands.\"This project exemplifies the promise that a future generation of robots can have both in space and on earth, not as replacements for humans but as companions that can carry out key supporting roles,\" said John Olson, director of NASA's Exploration Systems Integration Office in Washington while unveiling R2.He added, \"The combined potential of humans and robots is a perfect example of the sum equaling more than the parts. It will allow us to go farther and achieve more than we can probably even imagine today.\"Experts say in the future, the greatest benefits of humanoid robots in space may be as assistants or stand-in for astronauts during spacewalks or for tasks too difficult or dangerous for humans. For now, R2 is still a prototype and does not have adequate protection needed to exist outside the space station in the extreme temperatures of space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681798", "title": "MCD polls: Dabang Delhi on voting high", "text": "NEW DELHI: As elections to the city's three new municipalities took place on Sunday, Delhi passed with flying colours. Between 55% and 60% of the 1.15 crore voters came out to cast their vote, the highest ever in a civic body election in the capital and a vast improvement over the 42.78% turnout in the last poll.The Delhi Election Commission, which had mounted a high-profile campaign urging Delhiites to be 'dabang' and exercise their franchise, estimates that the final turnout figure to be released on Monday may cross 60%.What began as a trickle on Sunday morning ended in a deluge of voters coming to the booths after 2pm. The most brisk voting took place between 4pm and 5.30pm. Such was the response in four wards - Timarpur, Khanpur, Bazaar Sitaram and Turkman Gate - that polling there continued till 7.45pm.The city may have improved considerably on its poor performance in 2007 (42.78%) by recording over 55% polling, the colonies where the affluent middle class stays - particularly the ones in south Delhi - once again gave a lukewarm response. The last word is yet to be said as election commission officials were still counting, but state election commissioner Rakesh Mehta was sure that voters of South Delhi Corporation were lagging behind.Even the pleasant weather on Sunday couldn't induce this vocal section of society - which has strong RWAs and had extended its wholehearted support to Anna Hazare - to turn up and vote. In most of these areas, polling was quite dull till the afternoon. At a booth in Hauz Khas only 9% polling had been recorded till 12pm. Things were only marginally better in Panchsheel Park where the booth at Manav Bharti Public School had seen only 15% voting by 1pm. Chittaranjan Park, Greater Kailash I &amp; II, South Extension I &amp; II, Vasant Kunj, Defence Colony and Kalkaji showed a similar trend. \"I have come to vote as the candidate is my son,\" said Rajpal Singh (85), a resident of Kalkaji. Singh had come with a group of friends and his extended family. After he left, not a single voter stepped in for the next 20 minutes.While east and north generally saw some robust polling, the residents of upscale colonies there were no different. In Model Town, the situation was bleak till 2pm. In two adjacent polling booths, the voter turn out was just 20% till then. While the first booth that had 1,000 registered voters, only 290 came to vote, in the second one saw only 186 out of 671 registered voters. \"Before 12pm, only 138 voters had cast their vote out of 913 registered voters,\" said an official. \"I do not think this will improve dramatically. It will barely touch 50%,\" he added.In Rohini ward, which has a large number of housing societies, the voter turnout till 2pm was around 20%.Similarly, polling booths in Pitampura, East Patel %Nagar, West Patel Nagar and New Ranjit Nagar - some %of the upscale areas in %North Corporation - saw %little activity. \"In the past one hour since the polling began, only 15 people have cast their votes,'' said an official at a polling station in New Ranjit Nagar.Barely 20% polling had happened till 2pm in colonies like Nirman Vihar, Preet Vihar and adjacent Swaystha Vihar in the east.At an IP Extension polling booth next to National Victor Public School, officials reported that barely 30 votes had been polled in one hour. \"It has been a very slow morning and barely anyone has showed up in the afternoon,\" said one official. In Mayur Vihar Phase I, resident Aarti Sharma said: \"The elders have come to vote but the youngsters have refused to step out of the house.\"Did many leave the city because of an extended weekend or were they not motivated enough to change their Sunday routine? Or is the cynicism about politicians so deep-rooted that they simply ignored the entire exercise? Tomorrow the figures may spring a surprise but for now the score is rather low.However, certain areas were an exception. There was a crowd at a few wards in Vasant Vihar but it comprise largely of villagers from the adjacent Basant Village. \"Candidates of both the leading parties here are residents of Basant village and not Vasant Vihar. Therefore, you will see the profile is that of the lower middle class,\" said an official. This led to %the polling figure for Vasant Vihar rising from 28% in 2007 to 43%.Similarly, certain areas %in west Delhi like Rajouri Garden, Janakpuri, Vikaspuri and Tagore Garden recorded good turnouts. At a polling station in Adarsh Public School in Vikaspuri, 40% %voting had been reported %by 4pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12688881", "title": "Bidding adieu to Gangarams bookstore", "text": "The famed neighbourhood bookstore is shutting shop in MG Road.If you're a booklover and true blue Bangalorean, you would have definitely visited the good old bookstore, Gangarams. Located on one of the busiest lanes of the city, MG Road, the quaint book shop has fascinated several avid readers for its friendly customer service. Sadly, Gangarams will shut shop by the end of this month.The store, which was built in May 1977, has seen a massive growth over the years. With reasons such as the Metro and hike in the rent, the book store will bid adieu to their store in MG Road. Confirming the news, Prakash Gangaram, owner of Gangaram Book Bureau, says, \"Having been in the city for nearly 35 years, Gangaram has been a landmark in Bangalore. It's unfortunate that we have to move out of this location due to certain reasons.\"Citing the reasons for their shut down, he says, \"One of the major issues for our shut down is the hike in rent. It is not reasonable for us to pay four times more than what we are currently paying and the owners are not willing to sell the property either. Since the issue is not getting resolved, we will be shutting down the bookstore by this month end.\"Giving us more details about the issues, Atmaran Gangaram, owner of the Gangaram Gallery, says, \"The Metro Rail Project has affected our sales massively declining it by almost 50%. They have also hiked the value of all the properties in this lane because of the Metro. Keeping these issues in mind, we have decided to shut the store. It is a very emotional moment for us as we set up the entire building.\"However, the good news is that they will be shifting their bookstore just above Koshy's on St Mark's Road. \"As much as it hurts to shift from our current location, we are glad that we are moving to another location. We've taken one huge floor for the books and will 'up' our services as well. We will also be taking online deliveries and have a separate space for car parking,\" informs Prakash.Probing him about the challenges he faced shifting the store to the new place, he says, \"Initially, there were some issues as there was lack of co-operation from those authorities. But things are sorted out and renovation will begin from early January as the building needs to be strengthened. We will be moving in by April 2012.\"Priya Prabhakaran, a regular visitor of the store says, \"It's unfortunate that the book shop is shutting down in MG Road. I've been visiting the store for over seven years and the shop is truly a landmark. Even though they are shifting to another location, we will miss the good old Gangaram.\" However, the stationery will remain closed and only the books section will be shifting to the new location. \"We will shift only after the renovation is complete. Until then we will continue our services here,\" informs Atmaran. We also hear that a 30-storey building will come up in the current location.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12681056", "title": "Top cop, TMC man framed Jadavpur University professor?", "text": "KOLKATA: Glaring lapses in the investigation of the case against Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra have come to light, which all but prove that the aim of the probe was to teach the academic a lesson. A senior police officer and a local Trinamool Congress leader literally engineered the case against Prof Mahapatra when none existed.A police officer who did not want to be named said Amit Sardar, who lodged the complaint against the chemistry professor, was not even among the 65 recipients of the email of the cartoon lampooning the chief minister. According to procedure, the police should have first seized the computer in the presence of forensic experts from which the \"impugned\" email was sent. But investigators can't answer how, without seizing and examining the machine, they arrested Mahapatra on the basis of a mere printout.Neither did police ask the complainants why they had come to the police station 21 days after the mail was circulated. Mahapatra was booked under bailable charges, which suggest he could have been released on a personal bond from the police station. But he was never given this option and had to spend the night in lockup. The case diary corroborates that the police made no attempt to make him aware of his rights. After Mahapatra was produced before the magistrate, the state counsel sought judicial remand until April 27.All these points make it abundantly clear that there was tremendous pressure on the police to keep Mahapatra behind bars. Finally, the case amounts, at the very most, to defamation, a non-cognisable offence, and requires a warrant for arrest to take place. But the police snapped up the complaint, turned it into an FIR and charged Prof Mahapatra with \"insulting the modesty of a woman\" - a false charge that gave the police the power to keep the professor and his 70-plus neighbour to spend at least one night in jail.On Sunday, Trinamool Congress tried damage control with an MP close to Mamata saying the CM was \"merely told that what was being circulated was obscene\". He said since other details weren't mentioned, she defended the arrest. \"After returning to Kolkata, she took stock of the situation and instructed the police to immediately take a complaint from Mahapatra and probe the case,\" the MP claimed.Sources told TOI that a group of local Trinamool men led by a block level leader Arup Mukherjee, complainant Amit Sardar and their aides went to East Jadavpur police station on Thursday night. The officer in charge was on leave and his deputy was officiating. This duty officer was initially reluctant to lodge the complaint, which led Mukherjee and his aides to contact their party higher ups. Sources said Kajal Chakraborty, Trinamool block president, was among those aware of the shenanigans.Mukherjee and his aides flaunted their connections, at which the duty officer called up his superior, who in turn sought the officer in charge's advice.The OC advised his officers to inform divisional deputy commissioner Sujay Chanda. It was late in the night and the DC hesitated to contact police commissioner R K Pachnanda and preferred to inform another senior officer known for his \"excellent\" connections with top ruling party leaders, including Mamata.Meanwhile, an influential Trinamool leader who represents south-west Kolkata in the assembly was informed by party workers about the incident. They also told him that the police were hesitant to take action. Sources hinted that the alleged \"police inaction\" made the leader unhappy and he asked his local leaders to contact the divisional DC. The latter, however, asked the matter to be referred to his superior whom he had earlier contacted.Some officers now say that the politician must have communicated the matter to this \"senior\" police officer and the police sprung into action to arrest Mahapatra and septuagenarian Subrata Sengupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681110", "title": "BMC wants more time in graft probe", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has sought an extension of three months to complete its inquiry against suspended deputy municipal commissioner Chandrashekhar Rokade.The probe report may be submitted in June. On September 13, 2011, the BMC ordered a departmental probe after the official was allegedly caught accepting bribe.Rokade is set to retire in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12682057", "title": "Mapusa's Tar river to be restored by April 30: Government", "text": "MAPUSA: Bardez deputy collector Jayant Tari has set April 30 as deadline for the irrigation department to desilt mud dumped into the Tar river during laying of pipelines for the water pipeline project.Truckloads of mud were dumped into the Tar river next to the NH17. The contractor allegedly dumped mud for over half a km in the Tar river (or Mapusa river). The process had also destroyed mangroves on a large scale besides changing the natural flow of the water body.Mapusa municipal authorities had filed a police complaint against the irrigation department for allegedly violating CRZ norms by dumping mud into the Mapusa river in order to construct pillars for a water pipeline.Following the complaint, Tari along with irrigation department assistant engineer M K Prasad, MMC chairperson and municipality engineer had inspected the site in the month of December.Irrigation department had assured that it would remove the mud in February, however, the dumps continue to be in the river and as the monsoon is fast approaching, there is a fear among the locals because of flooding possibilities.On April 11, another inspection was conducted on Tari's directive. Ward councillor Deepak Mahadeshri along with the work contractor and irrigation assistant engineer Prasad inspected the site.After the inspection, Tari said that he had directed the contractor and the irrigation department to desilt the mud dumped into the river before April 30.Prasad has assured that the mud will be removed and the river will be restored to its original form before April 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12685903", "title": "Trader traceless in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Mystery shrouds the missing of coal trader and resident of Railway Colony in Dughdha, Bharat Mishra. Police recovered his motorcycle near Basteji village on Sunday.Police said Mishra left home on Saturday evening but did not return. Before leaving the house, he had told his wife, Kancha Devi, that he was going for some official work at a cement factory and that he would later meet a rival coal trader. However, his family got worried when he did not return home at night. After some frantic search, they informed police but it did not get them any results yet. Early in the morning on Sunday, the villagers found an abandoned bike that also had blood marks on it and informed police.Policemen, who reached the spot, identified the vehicle as belonging to Mishra. A police dog squad searched for tracks of the missing trader but failed to produce results.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said Mishra's wife suspected misdoings by the rival trader whom Mishra had planned to meet. \"We are investigating to locate Mishra and raids are on to track the criminals involved,\" he said.A case of kidnapping has been lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683634", "title": "Spirit of India", "text": "At a time when we are living in a global village, education is soon becoming the primary connecting point. While knowledge may have transcended geographical boundaries, it has also taught nations to learn from each other through best practices both within and outside the classroom.It is this spirit of learning that recently brought Sheikha Moza bint Nasser , wife of the Emir of Qatar, Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani , to India.Chairperson of Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development (QF), a private non-profit organisation founded in 1995, Sheikha Moza feels that education models evolve from within the needs of specific communities and countries. \"That is why I am here, to learn from your experiences ,\" she says.A sociology graduate, what fascinated her during her visit to India, is the conviction with which the Indian youth is ready to volunteer and serve the country. \"When I asked the young people what inspired them to give up their corporate lives and teach in low-income schools, they said that nothing was as rewarding to see as the transformation of a pupil into an individual equipped with knowledge.\"Despite the hurdles that the Right to Education (RTE) Act has been encountering in the last two years, in terms of its implementation , Sheikha Moza feels that the country's spirit and focus towards becoming a knowledge economy will certainly help in achieving the targets.In 2009, World Innovation Summit for Education (WISE) was founded under the patronage of Sheikha Moza. WISE is an initiative of the Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development.She points out, \"In the last three years, the annual event has grown, drawing leaders and decision-makers from governments, businesses, civil society , schools and universities, international institutions, and other creative communities across the globe. WISE is based on the practical awareness that challenges in education are no longer bound by countries' political boundaries and, therefore, its mandate is international.\"A member of the UN Millennium Development Goals Advocacy Group (with a special emphasis on Goal 2 - universal primary education), Sheikha Moza further mentions that the challenges in primary education, globally, lie in offering quality education and finding good teachers. \"However, the brighter side to it is that there is a momentum across the world and while earlier it was only about 'education,' today the challenge is to offer quality education through a range of innovations .\"But, she reiterates, innovation in education is not just about technology but about new and realistic ideas that can help us explore new ways of teaching and exploring fresh methodologies and curriculum, within the existing education system of each community.Her visit to India, she feels, has been an eye-opening experience. \"Once I am back in Qatar I would certainly want to share the infectious enthusiasm and positive attitude that I witnessed here - along with the emotional connect that the Indian youth share with the bigger objectives of the country,\" Sheikha Moza concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681784", "title": "Man wins three-decade-old legal battle against FCI", "text": "NEW DELHI: It took 30 years for a former Food Corporation of India employee to win a legal battle over withholding of his two pay hikes by the PSU on charges of indiscipline.Senior civil judge ruled the case in favour of N P Singh, holding the PSU's March 1987 order on his pay cut as illegal.\"FCI is directed to release...increments of the plaintiff withheld...,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12683177", "title": "Year after go-ahead, storm sewerage project remains chocked", "text": "LUDHIANA: The sight of flooded streets and caved in roads of last year's monsoon seems to have escaped the memory of municipal authorities here who have not yet proposed the installing of storm sewerage even in the worst affected areas. While they claim that scarcity of funds is preventing the work, residents are dreading the thought of suffering %again and demanding to know how the MC plans to deal with water logging without storm sewerage.Even posh areas like BRS Nagar, Model Town, Model Town Extension, Dugri and other adjoining parts were flooded by rain water. Though MC officials admit that the existing domestic sewerage lines are unable to handle rain water and only 11% of the city has storm sewerage lines, they have done nothing about the situation yet.Sources revealed that the storm sewerage projects that were passed last year have not been commissioned till date. The MC authorities had decided to install storm sewerage in Dholewal Chowk that was to be connected with the sewage line passing through Gurdwara Dukhniwaran. It was to cost Rs 85 lakh but the project has not yet taken off. Similarly, in BRS Nagar there was a proposal for installing storm sewerage near Laxmi Narayan Temple.Trying to pacify residents, joint commissioner and head of operation and maintenance cell A S Sekhon said, ''There are several plans in the pipelines but all the plans cannot materialise at one time. We would install storm sewerages across the city one by one.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "boston", "code": "12683082", "title": "Nasa robots found signs of life on Mars in 1976?", "text": "BOSTON: A recent study by four scientists has revealed that Nasa's Viking missions in 1976 could have detected life on Mars.Their findings which has already triggered a lot of controversy in Nasa and other space groups has been published in the current issue of the International Journal of Aeronautical and Space Sciences brought out by the Korean Society of for Aeronautical and Space Sciences.The authors of the paper are Giorgio Bianciadia, Joseph Miller, Patricia Ann Straat and Gilbert V Levin. Their finding assumes significance in the context of an earlier statement by Nasa 36 years ago that the Viking missions failed to detect life on the Red Planet.Their research was based on a mathematical analysis, but till late Friday evening Nasa had not responded to the discovery. According to the report, a mathematical analysis of the samples found that the salts in the soil on Mars has \"thrown off \" initial estimates indicating that there was strong evidence of microbial life.It says that the new analysis looked for what is known as \"complexity\" in the Martian samples. The scientists decided to reassess the Viking samples because of the discovery of what are known as \"perchlorates\" in the soil at the landing site of another Mars lander in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12686616", "title": "Cattle deaths: Botulism suspected to be cause", "text": "MANGALORE: Veterinary experts have tentatively diagnosed the cause of cattle deaths at Paduveri in Byndoor in Udupi district as botulism, a rare paralytic illness caused by Botulinum toxin produced by Clostridium Botulinum bacterium. The viral infection affects a wide range of mammals, birds and fish.\"The exact cause will be known when forensic reports are available. We are administering symptomatic treatment as of now,'' said Byndoor veterinary officer Dr Nagaraj.The toxin enters the body by ingestion of toxin from food (food-borne botulism) or by contamination of a wound by the bacterium.All forms of botulism lead to paralysis that typically starts with face muscles and then spreads towards the limbs. In severe forms, it leads to paralysis of the breathing muscles and causes respiratory failure. Dr Nagaraj said the diagnosis was arrived at after seeing the clinical symptoms (respiratory failure, drooling of saliva), rate of intensity of death and also differential diagnosis. He said corroborative evidence was already there with catstle grazing on Othinene grounds where poultry, sheep, pig slaughter remains were dumped and also bio-medical waste.\"Those cattle which ingested a lot of waste died first, within a few hours and some at the spot. Others died depending on how much toxin they had ingested.The rate of death will be high in the first few days in case of botulism and will subside within 17 days,'' he added.\"There is no medicine or vaccine available for the viral infection barring symptomatic treatment,'' Dr Nagaraj said . \"The villagers should avoid grazing onthe grounds for at least 30 days,'' he added.On Sunday, research officer from Shimoga's Indian Veterinary Biologicals Dr Sudarshan visited the place.\"They have conducted investigations and collected samples to be sent to IAHVB, Bangalore. We are giving additional symptomatic treatment as per their directions,'' Dr Nagaraj added. On Sunday, three more heads of cattle died taking the death toll to 74.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683757", "title": "Turkish in trend", "text": "The Faculty of Humanities and Languages, Jamia Millia Islamia, is ready to launch a new degree course in Turkish language and literature. The faculty, in a bid to expand and make the study of Turkish language accessible to students, will be offering a degree programme in the language from the new academic session, beginning July.The varsity decided to launch a full-fledged course in the language, with an intake of 20 seats after seeing its popularity among students. The faculty had already been successfully running a certificate, diploma and an advanced diploma in the language.According to Simi Malhotra , faculty, department of English and media co-ordinator , the language is quite popular among students in the short-term courses that are on offer. \"Hence, in order to give continuity to students and since there was no degree programme available in the language anywhere, we thought of offering a BA (Hons) in Turkish language and literature from the new session,\" she added.The eligibility criteria for the course is senior secondary school certificate or an equivalent examination with not less than 50% marks in aggregate. The admission to the programme will be through an entrance test scheduled for June 7. The test will be followed by an interview.As for the future of the course, she says, \"There are many takers for the language . With the boom in the information and cyber world, there is a sudden demand for translators and content writers in the field. Also, it makes for a lucrative career option.\"Besides, she adds, an indepth knowledge of a language allows people better access to research. The course will include the study of Turkish literature as well to provide students a holistic view. \"Many students opt for careers in the embassy, as translators, interpreters , researchers, content writers or language teaching,\" she added.The last date for submission of forms is May 7. The prospectus and form can be downloaded from the website www.jmi.ac.in or can be bought over the counter from the university", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12685870", "title": "Locals protest attempt to shut LP school", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Residents of Nanthencode ward in the city have formed an action council to save the Nanthencode Kindergarten and LP School, the only government aided school in their ward, from closing down.The fight between the management of the school and the heirs of the owner of the school property culminated in a public showdown here on Friday when the latter came with a court order to remove the school from the premises.A legal battle was going on between the school management, Jerusalem Marthoma Church, Nanthencode and the heirs of the property for the last few years.While one wanted to retain the school as such, the other wanted to demolish the structure and construct a new building to start a private management school there.The heirs, Mamman Thomas, Saramma Abraham, Kurien Eappen and Thomas even approached the munsiff court and procured an order to close the school.In reply, the school management sought the help of the director of public instructions, who approached additional district court II against the lower court order. The government pleader argued before the court that according to Kerala Education Rules, it was not possible to shut down a government aided school even if the strength of the school was very low.The district court ruled that the legal heirs could take over the school on condition that the property would not be used for purposes other than educational purposes.However on Friday, the heirs arrived with the munsiff court staff and tried to seal the school, which sparked off a commotion. The locals and the school management assembled behind the ward councillor Leelamma Issac and blocked the court staff.\"The summer vacations of the civil court started on Friday, the same day the heirs came to seal the school. If they are allowed to take over the school now, they can even cause irreparable damages to the school, which cannot be challenged until the court reopens in June,\" said Leelamma Issac.Later the deputy director of public instruction arrived on the spot, to whom one set of the school keys were handed over. The other set was given to the legal heirs, who said that they would set up a better school in the place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12682159", "title": "Himachal govt threatens Army over land row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Himachal Pradesh CM Prem Kumar Dhumal on Sunday threatened to file a defamation suit if the Army does not tender an unconditional apology for its statement that questioned the campaign seeking handing over of Annandale ground. At a press conference here, Dhumal termed as \"baseless\" the allegations of land grab in connection with Annandale ground.\"The ground factually belongs to the government of Himachal Pradesh and is under unlawful occupation of the army. The Durand Cup started from this ground in the 19th Century. It was given on lease of ten years to the army which was extended. But for the last 30 years the lease has not been renewed,\" Dhumal said. He demanded an unconditional apology from the Western Command failing which he would file a defamation suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12682134", "title": "6 accused in gambling kingpin assault case produced in court", "text": "AMRAVATI: The six accused in gambling kingpin Babauddin Badroddin's assault case were brought from Yavatmal jail and produced in the district court on Sunday.Police arrested MAC's former deputy mayor Shaikh Jaffar Shaikh Jabbar, Mohammad Shoeb Mohammad Salim, Ahamad Khan Rahman Khan, Shyam Hairshchandra Rajdhar alias Mumbaiyya and Shaih Amin Shaikh Rafique.Badroddin was assaulted on Thursday night. The accused had fired four rounds but they missed the target. Badroddin tried to escape but was stabbed with a sword. He was injured and rushed to the hospital from where he was shifted to Nagpur where he is recuperating.After stabbing Badroddin near Asodiya petrol pump which comes under the jurisdiction of the Nagpuri Gate police, the accused fled. Later, they took the SUV from the former deputy mayor's house and went to Yavatmal.Amravati police informed their colleagues in Yavatmal and at around 3am, the accused were nabbed on Friday. The accused tried to flee by ramming their car into the police vehicle but they failed.Pandharkawda police produced the accused in court which granted PCR till April 27. After producing the arrest warrant , Amravati police brought the accused to Amravati on Saturday night.DPS polls peacefulElections for the 10 seats to the Dharni Panchayat Samiti (DPS) were held in a peaceful manner with a 55% voter turnout recorded on Sunday.Around 48 candidates were fray. The results are crucial for the Dhuni panchayat circle where the wife of former BJP MLA Rajkumar Patel, Sunita is pitted against a strong contender of Congress, Ganga Jawarkar.There were 188 polling booths. The result of Dharni Panchayat will be declared on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12682102", "title": "Influential encroachers let off the hook by Nagpur Municipal Corporation?", "text": "NAGPUR: Though the ongoing demolition drive kept encroachers on toes, a few influential among them have managed to save their encroachments, especially in Sitabuldi, raising a question mark whether the civic chief is being misguided by the officials concerned.The team of municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare and commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay created ripples among encroachers by undertaking anti-encroachment drive from March 30. Encroachments on footpaths and roads were razed in prime localities of the city despite pressure against the campaign in which 5 to 10 truckloads of material was seized almost every day.Though the drive sustained the pulls and pressures, it also exposed the failure of NMC to ensure that the footpaths and roads are free from encroachments. The enforcement department of NMC is given independent charge of clearing encroachments on footpaths and roads and has to work in association with the respective zone officials. But increased encroachments showed the apathetic attitude of the enforcement department.Impact of the demolition drive where Jaiswal and Kumbhare personally supervised the operations is visible. But it is not where they were not present due to some other pressing work. The area between Variety Square and Anand Talkies Square is an example in this case. A visit to this area on Saturday and Sunday showed that the things are returning to 'normalcy' with vendors and paan kiosks occupying footpaths and roads.The motive of the drive is to ensure that the pedestrians are not inconvenienced and traffic flowed smoothly. But the walk is not easy for a common man. Even electrical and bicycle shopkeepers have started encroaching on footpaths. Permanent encroachments like staircases on footpaths, ramps and other constructions were left untouched on both sides of the road between Munje Square and Anand Talkies Square. These are creating hurdles in easing traffic congestion.A shopkeeper told TOI that top officials like Jaiswal and Kumbhare did not inspect the road during the drive. \"The drive was effective in areas like Gokulpeth and Central Avenue due to the presence of higher authorities. It should be undertaken again on this road in their presence,\" he said.Kumbhare said, the drive will continue throughout the city and also in the areas where it was undertaken to ensure that the encroachers do not come back.Enforcement officer MV Ninawe was not available for comments despite repeated attempts.Meanwhile, the vendors have again started installing stalls in the open space meant for parking at Yashwant Stadium. After high court's orders, the stalls were razed last year. Good to see is completion of parking place between Panchsheel square and Yashwant Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681037", "title": "Scientist unveils research centre at Agni College", "text": "CHENNAI: To encourage students to pursue research projects in cutting edge technologies, a centre for research and development has been established at the Agni College of Technology here.Unveiling the centre, the programme director of Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO) and project director of Chandrayan-I and Chandrayan-II, Dr Mylswamy Annadurai, said Chandrayan-II is slated for a December 2013 or January 2014 launch and will have robots programmed to undertake the assignment.Unlike the US and Russia, India does not plan to send a human being to the moon, he said. The ACT centre aims to promote research in newly emerging areas of engineering and proposes to encourage and assist students to pursue projects in cutting edge technologies, said an official press release from the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681335", "title": "Hotel food poisoning: One dead, 10 ill", "text": "CHENNAI: At least one man died in 11 cases of food poisoning reported by doctors from the Thousand Lights area over the past three days. Chennai corporation officials said the patients tested negative for cholera , after reports indicated that the death could have been due to the disease.Basanth, 37, who had come to Chennai from Odisha to work in a private guest house in Nackey's Garden in Thousand Lights, reportedly suffered from severe diarrhoea and vomiting. He died while being taken to Communicable Diseases Hospital in Tondiarpet on Saturday afternoon.\"He died before seeing a doctor or getting any treatment. His colleagues say he was suffering from diarrhoea, vomiting and stomach ache. We have done the postmortem today,\" said a corporation doctor.Civic body officials said they closed down one eatery and the guest house. Officials say the first two persons to show symptoms of food poisoning were Basanth and his colleague, on Friday morning. His colleague, a middle-aged man from Odisha, immediately admitted himself to the CDH on Friday afternoon, and has been undergoing treatment since then.Doctors said five people from the same locality were admitted to CDH on Saturday night and are now being treated in a separate ward. Meanwhile four others from the neighbourhood had been admitted and treated at Royapettah Government Hospital, but have been discharged, corporation doctors said. \"We believe that it is food poisoning and we are giving them appropriate treatment,\" said city health officer P Kuganantham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686799", "title": "Dia Mirza says she steps out without make up now", "text": "One hardly ever expects to see a Bollywood actress step out in the open without make up, but actress Dia Mirza challenged our assumption when she was in the capital recently.The actress, who was in Delhi for a beauty product company that she endorses, told us that no one should tell customers to \"wear tonnes of make up to have a flawless complexion 365 days of the year\", and that's why she connects with the brand.However, when we asked her if being the brand ambassador of a beauty company meant that she has to look flawless all the time (thus the pressure to wear make up), she said, \"There's no pressure of not being someone else. I step out without make up all the time.\" Is it hard the first time you do it? \"Not at all,\" she said, adding, \"Ok, but the truth is that I enjoy good skin most of the year... I am not worried about my skin and I don't have horrible dark circles. But I also care for myself. I do the whole under eye cream before I sleep. I use a serum. I use a moisturizer. I make sure I take my make up off before I go to sleep. I maintain a nutritious diet which has a lot of natural fibre. I work out. So all of that contributes to healthy skin, and I can step out without make up.\"But she also says that some Bollywood actresses are far more confident of stepping out without make up now. She says, \"For many of us, and I know this for a fact that many of us find it difficult to do so even now. Because some of us don't have perfect skin and some of us don't have a perfect complexion and make up does enhance our features. But having said that, a lot of us now are a lot more confident to step out without make up than people a few years ago. You will see actresses now wearing a pair of spectacles and doing normal things in the public space. But I know enough actresses who step out without make up and they are so bindaas about it. And then there are some actresses who are very, very conscious of being presented in a certain way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681457", "title": "Intelligence Bureau additional director dies in car accident", "text": "NEW DELHI: Intelligence Bureau (IB) additional director R N Behura died in Guwahati on Sunday morning. A 1979 batch IPS officer of the Manipur-Tripura cadre, he was transferred out of IB headquarters in Delhi to Guwahati with charge of the entire northeast last year.He is survived by his wife, noted Odissi dancer Ipsita Behura, and son Ishan, studying in the US.A BSF Avro aircraft carrying his body to his home in Orissa had to return to Guwahati soon after takeoff on Sunday due to bad weather. He will be cremated in Puri on Monday.Behura (56) was critically injured in a car accident on April 9 and fractured his skull, jaw and vertebra. \"He was returning late evening after investigating the April 7 explosion at Numaligarh Oil Refinery, for which the hardline Ulfa faction had claimed responsibility, when his car rammed into a truck parked by the road at Sonapur near Guwahati,\" Assam director-general of police Jayanto N Choudhury said.He was admitted to Guwahati Neurological Research Centre. A team of doctors from Delhi's All India Institute of Medical Sciences flew into Guwahati to check his condition. On Sunday, he died following multiple organ failure and cardiac arrest.During his long stint in the IB, Behura spent a good number of years in the northeast, including Kohima and Itanagar. He also worked in Leh and in Bangladesh. He came to IB headquarters in Delhi in the early 1990s after a stint as assistant director in IB's Kolkata office.Friends and colleagues remembered Behura as a warm and helpful person. Tapan Chattopadhyay, retired IPS officer who had a long stint in IB, said, \"I was shocked when I heard the news.\" He headed IB's Kolkata unit when Behura was posted there. He said, \"Behura was an exceptionally good human being and an excellent officer who was equally good at the desk and in the field.\"Assam CM Tarun Gogoi visited GNRC to pay respects to Behura. Gogoi told reporters that Behura was one of the \"best officers\" he had worked with. \"We have lost a good intelligence officer who had huge knowledge about the north-eastern region,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681181", "title": "Bihar chief minister salutes Maharashtra, ribs Raj Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: He might have effected a compromise by speaking to Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray before his Mumbai visit. But on Sunday, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar gave it back to the MNS chief in his own style.Nitish, who was addressing a huge crowd at Somaiya grounds on the occasion of the centenary celebrations of 'Bihar Diwas', said Biharis are not a \"burden\" on anyone but are actually the ones who lift the burden.The chief minister, aware of the controversy that preceded his visit, made many a statement through his speech, for instance began his speech by speaking a few lines in Marathi. Nitish said that he salutes the \"land of saints\" of Maharashra and its people. He added that Marathi is a \"sweet\" language and that the people of Maharashtra are also very good, but then questioned, \"Then what leads to a situation where our Bihari brothers face difficulty here?\"Nitish said Biharis are always hard working and have worked for the development of whichever region they have settled in. \"There are Biharis in Mauritius and they have made the place their own, they work hard and contribute to the country's progress. They are never a burden, in fact their presence actually helps in reducing the burden,\" said Nitish. In an aside to Raj, he added that he welcomes Maharashtrians in Bihar and that they are free to celebrate Maharashtra Day in his state. He also invited Maharashrians to come to his state. Nitish said there were many similarities between Bihar and Maharashtra. Nitish ended his speech the same way he began his speech in Marathi, and said he's trying to learn the language.According to agencies, sources said the chief minister had an hour-long meeting with corporate honchos and urged them to invest in Bihar as it offers an industry-friendly climate. \"The state offers tremendous business opportunities in sectors such as solar energy , education, healthcare etc,\" Nitish said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12682240", "title": "3 killed as truck turns turtle", "text": "NASHIK: Three youths, aged 17 to 25, were crushed to death under a truck they were travelling after it turned turtle at Hatgaon village, near Manmad, 90 km from Nashik.Sources said the truck was carrying marriage party from Navsari village. Booked by Dada Wargal, father of the groom Bajirao, the truck had 45 passengers in it.As it approached Hatgaon, the driver, lost control over the vehicle and it turned turtle, when trying to avoid an auto-rickshaw. The truck driver fled from the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12689125", "title": "Santhanam \u2013 the wicked one!", "text": "Santhanam will be the wicked one in Masala Cafe.Director Sundar C is directing a film after a long gap and predictably took up a comedy genre as he is adept in handling this subject. Mirchi Shiva, Vimal, Oviya, and Anjali play the lead pairs in this film.When asked about Santhanam's role in Masala Cafe, Sundar C said that he is the villain in it. Adding further, the director pointed out that Santhanam plays a comedy villain and has done his job well. Though he is the villain, he will also be responsible for tickling the funny bone.Masala Cafe is gearing up for release and there is a buzz that the title may undergo a change anytime now.Source: www.cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "12688496", "title": "Now, a career counselling website for J&K; youngsters", "text": "JAMMU: In a bid to provide career counselling to Gujjar youth in Jammu and Kashmir, a frontal organisation of the community in the state today launched a web-page for career assistance on several social networking sites including Facebook and Twitter.Titled 'Gujjars First', the web-page, launched by the Tribal Research and Cultural Foundation (TRCF), will guide tribal Gujjar-Bakerwal youth of Jammu and Kashmir to develop their career in the right direction, Secretary of TRCF Javaid Rahi said.Rahi said the objective to launch such a webpage is to assist the community's youth to channelise their energies in the right way.Various agencies working for development of SC/ST communities of India are cooperating with TRCF for the smooth running of the web-page, including the 'Centre for Life Long Learning' under University of Jammu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12682250", "title": "Autos plan stir over fare hike today", "text": "NASHIK: Commuters are in for a tough time today, as over 18,000 auto-rickshaws will be off the roads, following a bandh call by unions to press for their demand for a fare hike due to rising petrol prices.Bhagwan Pathak of the Shramik Rickshaw Taxi Tempo Chalak Sena said, \"While there is no thought on revising the fare structure, considering the continuous rise in prices of petrol, the government is cornering rickshaw drivers through different rules. In a city like Delhi, where fuel costs comparatively less, the meter reading starts at Rs 19, while in Nashik it is Rs 12.\"Pathak said drivers were continuously demanding proper stands across the city, but no effort had been made. He said police officials were not paying attention to the drivers' demands too. Earlier, a committee headed by then police commissioner Himanshu Roy, with members like corporator Gurumit Bagga, Prakash Mate, Uttam Kamble, Ratan Luth, Sunil Bagul and Hyder Sayyad, used to meet every month to ensure things were in order on the roads and neither passengers nor drivers were at the receiv-ing end. However, today no senior police official was interested, said Pathak.He claimed that the police were registering false cases of assault on public servants for discharging duties against the drivers.Pathak said care would be taken to ensure transportation of essential goods was not disrupted and patients needing emergency medical treatment could be taken to hospital.The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSR-TC) has decided to step up bus services in the city. The leave of city bus drivers and conductors has been cancelled for Monday and more buses will be plied to ensure commuters are not inconvenienced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12682399", "title": "Government revives paramedical college plan in Saifai", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government has revived the plan to start a high-end paramedical college in Saifai. Proposed in February 2006, the college was to come up as a part of Rural Institute of Medical Sciences, Safai, Etawah. The government is also working on another paramedical college project proposed for Jhansi along with Saifai.After becoming chief minister, Akhilesh had directed officials to review the projects and prepare an estimate for completing the works. The medical education department has been directed to prepare a detailed project report (DPR) in this regard which would be submitted before the cabinet soon. Sources said the medical education department is making efforts to ready the centre by 2013 academic session.The decision to add a paramedical college in Saifai was supported by the acute shortage of paramedical staff in government and private hospitals of the state. At present, there is shortage of about 29,000 nurses , 2000 pharmacists, 17,500 X-ray technicians and 16,300 lab technicians in the state.The Mulayam government had made a budgetary provision of Rs 184 crore for the project while proposing the budget for 2006-07 fiscal. The revised project cost is expected to swell by 50%, sources said. As per plans, students will be trained in 12 disciplines including nursing, pharmacy, pathology, radiology technician, physiotherapy, cardiology therapy, CT-MRI technician, operation theatre training and hospital administration training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687118", "title": "'TV actresses don't get enough credit'", "text": "Model, VJ and now an RJ - Teejay Sidhu has straddled in all mediums of entertainment.This Canada-born model, who moved to India in 2002 to pursue a career in the glamour industry, has finally found her feet here. Married to actor Karanvir Bohra, she feels this is just the beginning and there is a lot more to do.Teejay, currently working as an RJ with a popular radio station, says, \"I love doing radio because I get to be myself. Plus I am getting national exposure. There are people listening to me in seven cities of the country. What can be better than that?\"After a few years of modeling, Teejay has decided to give acting a shot as she feels it is the perfect time to do a show on the small screen. Ask her about her first acting experience in Kinna Sona Tennu Rab Ne Banaya which is aired on a Punjabi entertainment channel, she says, \"This is my first job as an actor on TV. I thought this was the perfect time for me to start acting as I have felt all kinds of emotions in my life so it will be easier for me to act. I was very scared during the auditions. But in a short period of time I have learnt a lot - dialogue delivery, camera angles and other technical parts.\"As her about her plans for the big screen and she says, \"I want to learn every aspect of acting before I do something big. TV is the best medium to start because this is where you get your polish and can perfect your acting skills. I feel that TV actresses don't get enough credit for their work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12687897", "title": "Auto strike hits commuters in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters had a hard time getting to their offices in Mumbai due to the strike by the Sharad Rao-led Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union, seeking a hike in minimum fares.Office-goers and students appearing for their final exams found the commute extended as autos kept off the roads. The auto unions led by Shiv Sena and MNS did not participate in the one-day strike.The Rao-led union went ahead with the strike despite the one rupee hike in minimum fare, from Rs 11 to Rs 12, announced by the Regional Transport Authority last week.The BEST management deployed extra buses in view of the strike. Some political parties also operated free drop facility for suburban commuters to prominent railway stations.The autorickshawmen's union last week rejected the one-man committee of former bureaucrat PMA Hakim, set up to decide the fare hike formula.The Autorickshaw Malak-Chalak Sanghatana Sanyukta Kriti Samiti, headed by Rao, said Hakeem had been detrimental to the autorickshawmen over the last 14 years.The fare for auto-rickshaws and taxis was fixed using a single formula, drawn as per recommendations of the Hakim Committee in 1996.The city's transport authority recently increased fares for the first 1.6 kilometres by a rupee, effective from April 20. The Mumbai Autoricksha women's Union said the hike is not sufficient, in view of the overall price rise.The union wants an increase of five rupees in the minimum fare, and a hike of two rupees for every additional kilometre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683334", "title": "Police RTI data reveals that refusals by drivers are high", "text": "Cases of refusals registered against auto drivers went up by 176% in the last three years, according to data obtained from Mumbai's traffic police under the Right to Information (RTI) Act.RTI activist Chetan Kothari, who procured the data on both auto and taxi drivers, said police action seemed to have had no effect on them. \"The statistics show that refusals have continued; more auto drivers were booked in 2010 and 2011, as compared to 2009.\"Traffic police sources said the department had launched special drives in 2010 and 2011, which is why more offenders were booked and their permits suspended.The data revealed that as opposed to 5,710 auto drivers being booked for refusals in 2009, 15,789 drivers were booked in 2011 and 14,462 in 2010. When it came to taxi drivers, while 4,833 were booked for refusals in 2009, the number of offenders was 6,232 in 2011 and 7,192 in 2010.As far as overcharging is concerned, 196 auto drivers were booked in 2009, 221 in 2010 and 108 in 2011. The corresponding figures for taxi drivers are 150, 102 and 36.Preeti Sharma Menon of India Against Corruption (IAC) said, \"In comparison to the traffic police's action, the RTO conducted a major campaign towards the end of 2011.IAC initiated an SMS drive against errant drivers for rude behaviour, refusal, meter-tampering and overcharging.\" The drive showed 5,237 cases of refusals, 3,024 of meter-tampering and 1,157 of overcharging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "cast ", "code": "12688049", "title": "Friendsbook", "text": "Cast : Surya, Nischal, Uday, Suresh, Ishika, Nisha Shetty, Chalapathi Rao, SureshGenre: Drama/SuspenseDirector: RP PatnaikMusic : RP PatnaikSynopsis", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681479", "title": "Snags in some electronic voting machines delay polling", "text": "NEW DELHI: At several booths in the city, voting could not start on time on Sunday morning thanks to the polling agents who strolled in late and also snags in the Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs). In some wards, the polling started nearly an hour late as the EVMs got sealed and engineers had to be called in to de-seal the machines. In some polling stations, the EVMs had to be replaced. Though polling was to end at 5.30pm, the poll panel had to extend the time till 7.45pm as a lot of people had got polling slip after 5pm.Polling at St Thomas School, which was one of the polling stations in the Rajinder Nagar ward, was delayed by nearly 45 minutes as the staff couldn't set up the EVMs. \"I reached here at 8am, but the machines had not been set up. There was a lot of confusion as the polling staff was not ready with the list and other details,'' said Ram Prakash Chandhok, a resident of Rajinder Nagar.There was delay and confusion in setting up of the EVMs as the agents, appointed by political parties to observe the process, had to sign on certain documents before the voting could begin. In several wards, polling was delayed as the polling agents didn't reach the booths on time.At East Patel Nagar, the EVM could be set up on time. But that was only after officials on election duty decided to not wait for the polling agents. \"One of the two agents at our booth walked in as late as 9am. I noted down the timing to be sure. We couldn't keep waiting for them as the process had to start,\" said presiding officer R Sharma. Another election official at a poling booth in Mansarover Garden was annoyed with the agents. \"They came late and we could start only around 8.30am. Since then, they have only been interfering in the work. How can they teach us our work?\" said the official, who did not wish to be quoted.An EVM went kaput at a polling station in Mustafabad. The problem was rectified an hour later, but polling officials had a hard time managing the swelling crowds.At St Giri Public School, one of the polling stations in Sarita Vihar, close to 100 voters had gathered by 8.30am. But as one of the EVMs developed a snag, some of the voters had to leave the booth without voting. \"When residents asked the officials why the EVM was not working, they drew a blank. I am going home now and will come back later,\" said Manju Sharma, a resident of Sarita Vihar.Rakesh Mehta, state election commissioner, said, \"Snags were reported at 8-10 places due to which polling was delayed.In some polling stations, the EVMs got sealed and we had to send engineers to de-seal the machines. We had to replace a couple of machines.\" He added, \"Those who had entered the polling stations late had to be allowed to vote when they showed a valid identity card and polling slip.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "12684826", "title": "Pak, India should review deployment of forces at Siachen: Khar", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan and India should take a lesson from the recent avalanche that buried 138 people in the Siachen sector and review troop deployments on the Himalayan glacier, foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar said on Sunday.\"Pakistan and India should take a lesson from the incident at Gyari camp. They will have to review the deployment of forces at Siachen,\" Khar said while addressing a ceremony held after a polo match in Lahore.An avalanche slammed into a Pakistan Army battalion headquarters at Gyari in the Siachen sector on April 7, burying 127 soldiers and 11 civilians. Pakistani troops have been engaged in a frantic search for the buried men at the site of the disaster.Pakistani media analysts and politicians have called for a review of the deployment of forces at Siachen, where soldiers from the two countries have been engaged in standoff since 1984.The guns have largely been silent since late 2003, when the two sides put in place a ceasefire along the frontiers in Jammu and Kashmir , and more troops have died due to the adverse weather than combat.Khar further said Pakistan wants peaceful relations with India and President Asif Ali Zardari's day-long visit to the neighbouring country on April 8 had helped in improving ties between the two countries.She expressed concern at attacks by the Taliban in several cities of Afghanistan on Sunday, including the capital Kabul .\"Pakistan condemns the attacks in Afghanistan,\" she said.Khar also welcomed the Bangladesh Cricket Board's announcement that its team would tour Pakistan later this month.\"The decision will go a long way to pave for other cricketing nations to come here,\" she said.The tour by Bangladesh will be the first by a foreign team since international cricket in Pakistan was suspended after a terrorist attack on the Sri Lankan team in Lahore in March 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12682535", "title": "Brother's fiefdom welcomes Stalin", "text": "MADURAI: Deputy general secretary of DMK M K Stalin's visit to Madurai, the fiefdom of Union chemicals and fertilisers minister M K Alagiri, has excited DMK cadres but for the die-hard supporters of his elder brother.A number of supporters of Alagiri including former mayors G Thenmozhi, Kulandaivel, former deputy mayor P M Mannan, executive committee members V K Gurusamy, Pottu Suresh, M Dharmalingam, former MLAs Ghouse Batcha, Misa Pandian and several known supporters of Alagiri were conspicuous by their absence in the public meeting on Sunday evening.Though urban district secretary G Thalapathy, rural district secretary P Moorthy - who were also Alagiri supporters - shared dais with Stalin at the meeting organised to condemn the AIADMK government for price rise and power shortage, the functionaries who stayed away said they were instructed not to attend the meeting as well as the interview session held in the morning to appoint youth wing functionaries.Stalin, however, managed to attract a large number of enthusiastic DMK cadres from the temple city to the public meeting. Though much of the DMK cadres in Madurai are supporters of Alagiri, they feel such a visit by Stalin was vital when the party was suffering severe blows in all elections including the recently concluded Sankarankoil by election.\"The party needs all possible efforts to taste success again. We can't continue to remain divided by supporting just one of the two leaders. The need of the hour is both Thalapathy (Stalin) and Annan (Alagiri). Though we support Annan, we don't have any grudge against Thalapathy,\" said a 50-year-old man at the public meeting.A district functionary of the party said they were very cautious that the rift should not come out in the open during Stalin's visit after the supporters of the two brothers clashed openly in Ramanathapuram a week ago right in front of Stalin. In fact, Stalin was given a grand welcome in the morning.The crowd kept cheering when Stalin reeled out statistics on the DMK's efforts to improve the power situation in Tamil Nadu and the AIADMK's alleged lack of efforts to increase power generation. The cadres erupted into a loud applause when Stalin accepted the challenge for debate on cause of power crisis posed by AIADMK minister Sellur K Raju.\"I am ready for the challenge. We have been constantly denied permission in the state assembly to explain the efforts taken by the DMK government to improve the power situation in Tamil Nadu. At least we could explain it in a public forum. Are you ready for the debate?'' Stalin asked.Stalin used to visit Madurai now and then, usually as a transit point to travel down south or Ramanathapuram where he too has a chunk of supporters. In 2010, Stalin, accompanied by Alagiri also inspected the arrangements made for the marriage of the latter's son Dhayanidhi Alagiri. But seldom did he address the public for at least seven years in Madurai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681741", "title": "Adarsh society gets ED notice for payment info", "text": "MUMBAI: In fresh trouble for members of the scam-tainted Adarsh Housing Society, the Enforcement Directorate has issued notices to the society and its members, asking them to furnish information regarding payment towards the purchase of flats.The directorate began its probe into allegations of money laundering and benami transactions after facing severe criticism from the Bombay high court for failing to initiate an inquiry despitereceiving information from the CBI.The agency then issued summons to the members of the society, ED sources said. While some members had furnished the replies, others were still awaited, the sources said, adding that those arrested by the CBI had sought more time to comply to the notices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681927", "title": "FIR against rationalist, cops call him for questioning", "text": "MUMBAI: The Juhu police have registered an FIR against president of the Indian Rationalist Association (IRA) Sanal Edamaruku under Section 295 (defiling place of worship with intent to insult the religion of any class) of the Indian Penal Code.The police have called him for questioning.The Organisation of Concerned Catholics (OCC) and the Catholic Secular Forum (CSF) had lodged complaints against Sanal at the Juhu and Andheri police stations.Sanal had come to the city recently to investigate the issue of water dripping from a cross at Irla. Sanal, whose trip was sponsored by a TV channel, had said that the phenomenon was not a miracle and caused by capillary action.OCC members said they were not upset with Sanal for saying the phenomenon was not a miracle. They were hurt by statements he allegedly made against the Pope and Catholic clergy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12674342", "title": "Ali Zafar at a fashionable do", "text": "This was one event that stretched the fashionably late quotient rather thin - it stared two hours late.But once it began, the sea of diplomats and government officials who had graced the occasion were swept away by the simple neat designs shown on the ramp. This show, and a subsequent musical evening by Ali Zafar and Pakistani singer Sanam Marvi was part of the Lifestyle Pakistan trade event. Model and former Miss India Manasvi Mamgai told us, \"This was the longest show I've done! It had 11 sequences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686760", "title": "Hariprasad Chaurasia to perform at MNNIT Allahabad", "text": "Renowned Indian classical instrumentalist, Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia, along with a number of other noted musicians, is all set to perform at the musical conclave 'Virasat', being organized at Motilal Nehru National National Institute of Technolgy (MNNIT) Allahabad from the 18 th of April.And if the officials are be believed it is first of its kind initiative, which has been taken to not just entertain students but also to educate them with the Indian classical music and instruments.\"Apart from the performance of Hariprasad Chaurasia, we have also organized concerts by some noted music maestros at this 5-day cultural extravaganza, which includes Pt. Bhajan Sapori, (Santoor), Pt. Debu Chaudhary, (Sitar) Pt. Vishwa Mohan Bhatt , Mohan Veena and Vidushi Kavita Dwibedi (Odissi),\" informed an official at MNNIT, adding, \"Interesting part is, we are also organizing workshops to teach various instruments like violin, flute, and dance styles like Kathak, and Drupad to the interested students. So this will also given them a chance to learn things.\" This fest is being organized in association with Spic Macay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682361", "title": "Ban gutkha cry picks up momentum in state", "text": "JAIPUR: After Madhya Pradesh banned manufacturing and sale of tobacco, magnesium carbonate and nicotine-based 'gutkha', the demand to ban such products has increased in Rajasthan as social activists took out a rally in Mansarovar area for the purpose on Sunday.The rally was taken out by Mansarovar Jan Manch, comprising a group of college students. The manch's president Jitesh Kumar said, \"If Madhya Pradesh can impose ban on gutkha, why not Rajasthan? The Rajasthan government should not think about the revenue it is generating from gutkha sales but it should think about people dying in the state because of tobacco.\"The participants in the rally pointed out the irony of the state government in running a scheme of free medicines but allowing gutkha sale, which is poison for the youths of the state, at the same time.The experts too believed that it is necessary to control tobacco in the state to reduce the number of cases of lungs and oral cancer.Dr Virendra Singh, dead of division of allergy &amp; pulmonary medicine, SMS Medical College, Jaipur said, \"The sale of tobacco (gutkha) should be checked as it contains betel, perfume and nicotine, all the three ingredients causing cancer in early age. The Madhya Pradesh government has imposed a ban on sale of gutkha, so it is necessary to impose a ban on the sale of gutkha here.\"Besides, the Indian Asthma Care Society, an NGO against tobacco products, claimed that the Cigarette and Other Tobacco Product (prohibition of advertisement and regulation of trade and commerce, production, supply and distribution) Act-2003 (COTPA-2003) is in effect but has not been implemented properly.The NGO's secretary Dharmveer Kateva said, \"If COTPA is implemented properly, half of the problems will be solved. But it seems that the government departments are not taking it seriously. COTPA is not implemented properly as its provisions are being flouted by tobacco users and tobacco and cigarette shopkeepers and various government departments are yet to gear up for its proper implementation.\"He said the state government should take lessons from the Madhya Pradesh government in banning gutkha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12683317", "title": "\u2018Simran was regular at Page-3, IPL parties\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Like any other model, Simran Sood was a regular on the Page 3 circuit, a crucial networking tool in the glamour industry to bag modeling contracts . But police have reason to believe Simran may have been networking for various reasons other than modeling. Her arrest in connection with two serious crimes has left many socialites, who met her at some of those parties, 'shocked'.A source said, \"She would attend at least four Page 3 parties a month and posed with every important person present there. She would then post the pictures on her Facebook page.''Simran had earlier tried her luck in films. She acted in the 2004 flick 'Smile Please' with rap artiste Devang Patel, though her first film was 'Anokha Anubhav' which she signed in 2002.Simran attended IPL-after parties on a regular basis and sources said she hobnobbed with cricketers and bookies alike. She had posted many pictures of herself with cricketers at these parties on a social networking site, but these had been removed from her page on Sunday.Simran had befriended several model co-ordinators and event managers to get into the parties. A photographer said, \"She was always a photographer's delight and a regular at all parties, managing to get her way in to make friends with influential people.\"An ad film production house owner said, \"We don't even know her. Strugglers try to get acquainted with us for work and that is all about it. But this girl was very pushy and kept calling us for work so we asked her to get her portfolio done. The news of her involvement in these cases will go against those who want to make a career in the modeling world as people will stop trusting them.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12682169", "title": "Woman kills self days after wedding", "text": "NASHIK: The Adgaon police are investigating the alleged suicide of a newly-wed woman who ended her life by setting herself on fire in the Vidi Kamgar Nagar area of the city on Saturday morning.The deceased, Sunita, from Savargaon in Buldhana district, had tied the nuptial knot with Mahadev Khandare of Vidi Kamgar Nagar on April 10. All of Khandare's relatives had returned to Nashik from Buldhana with the new bride on April 13. On Saturday morning, while the post-wedding rituals were still underway in Khandare's house, the bride allegedly went into the kitchen telling the relatives that she had to take a bath.The new bride allegedly locked the kitchen from inside and while pretending to take a bath, poured kerosene on her body and set herself on fire.When relatives sitting around the house smelt something burning inside the kitchen, they rushed to the spot, only to see the bride taking her last breaths. There was an attempt to rush her to a nearby hospital, but she succumbed to her burn injuries before that. According to reports, the girl received 100% burn injuries.The Adgaon police have registered a case of accidental death. On Sunday, the Adgoan police said that they were trying to speak to the parents of the deceased, in a bid to understand what made their daughter allegedly commit suicide, just three days after her marriage. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12681257", "title": "Cops still clueless in two murder cases", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Coimbatore rural police are still groping in the dark in two murder cases that took place in the last one month.On March 17, C Hemaraj (26) of Nepal , a private security guard at a textile mill owner's house at Karumathampatty on the outskirt of the city, was stabbed to death when he attempted to chase two burglars.In another case, M Pathimuthu (55), was reportedly tied up and strangled to death by unidentified men inside her residence near Sirumugai on April 19. The assailants decamped with a seven and a half sovereign gold chain from the victim.\"We have formed two special teams to nab the culprits in connection with the murder of Hemaraj. We are yet to get a vital clue in the case. But our special teams are working hard to crack down the case and we will arrest the culprits soon,\" said E S Uma, superintendent of police, Coimbatore.Two more special teams are working to identify the culprits in connection with the murder of Pathimuthu. Police said they suspect the local youths who knew about the family members well. \"We will break the case within a week,\" a police source said.Hemaraj was stabbed by two masked people, who were hiding in a toilet behind his house. A CCTV had captured the two suspect and the footage shows the duo had a knife with them and they were chatting with each other. Unfortunately, the camera did not capture the murder incident. Nor did it capture their entry and exit into the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12680843", "title": "Leopard causes alarm in Kandivli", "text": "MUMBAI: A leopard strayed out of the Sanjay Gandhi National Park and entered the residential area of Damu Nagar, Kandivli (east) late on Saturday night.The big cat startled slum dwellers as it entered a house through the broken roof. The three people present in the house rushed out immediately, unharmed. However, as soon as forest officials rushed to the spot, the leopard fled back to the forest.The predators often hunt in human settlements near the national park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12683300", "title": "Punjab mulls ways to skirt HP claims", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Union ministry of power has sought details from Bhakra Beas Management Board to work out the arrears that Punjab government owes to Himachal Pradesh for its share of 7.19 % in power generation at all projects of BBMB. The cash-strapped Punjab government is working out strategies to dispute Himachal Pradesh's claims of Rs 4,000 crore.A panel comprising officials from the Central Electricity Authority, the ministry of power and the BBMB are holding meetings to prepare a report on how much is actually due to Himachal Pradesh government by Punjab government. The latter has vehemently disputed claims of Rs 4,000 crore projected by the Himachal Pradesh in the Supreme Court. The report being prepared, said sources in the BBMB, will be submitted to the apex court.\"The BBMB is not directly in the picture but is only providing figures and statistics to the ministry of power about the total energy generated, cost of projects, escalation costs,\" said an official of BBMB. The matter has become a reason of concern for Punjab's already precariously placed financial position, especially with the Supreme Court's intervention. The state government is mulling to take a loan of nearly Rs 9,000 crore during the financial year 2012-13, to run its business.Sources revealed that Punjab is paying Rs 7,000 crore every year as interest on the staggering debt of Rs 85,000 crore. The bills pending with the government, as of now, total up to over Rs 1,000 crore. The state needs another Rs 6,000 crore to settle energy bills of free power promised to the farmers and the poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686567", "title": "New rules of post study work", "text": "What will be the implications of the withdrawal of the Post Study Work (PSW) route in the UK for Indian students? Education Times finds outChanges to UK student visas, announced on March 22, 2011, have come into force on April 6, 2012. According to the changes, the Post Study Work (PSW) route, which earlier allowed students to work in the UK for two years after they completed their studies, will close.Students graduating with a UK degree, PGCE or PGDE from a recognised or listed body will need to successfully apply for a job with a UK Border Agency licensed Tier 2 sponsor to remain and work in the UK. The post for which they are applying must be paid a minimum salary of \u00a320,000 or the minimum set out in the relevant Code of Practice.However, according to Nick Petford, vicechancellor, University of Northampton, the withdrawal of PSW does not mean that the UK is closed in terms of employment opportunities to Indian graduates and postgraduates from UK universities.Petford explains, \"There are still opportunities for graduates to apply for employment under Tier 2 work-permit which allows for graduate level employment. Also skills shortage areas are open to non-EU applicants to obtain work in the UK. Skills shortage areas are kept under constant review and updated to meet needs of UK industries for qualified employees. There are also a range of other schemes to enable talented and entrepreneurial graduates to experience employment opportunities in the UK, ie, the new Tier 1 graduate entrepreneur scheme.\"The new Graduate Entrepreneur route, which opened in April, will allow up to 1,000 graduates to stay in the UK if they have a genuine, innovative business idea, but are yet to meet the requirements of the Tier 1 Entrepreneur route. The scheme will be open to all universities which are Highly Trusted Sponsors, and the limit allocated evenly between all participating institutions.Elaborating on the change, Carwyn Jones , first minister of Wales, says that the UK government wants people who are graduates to do jobs that they have qualified for. \"This way, the talent and expertise that Indian students bring to the UK, will be harnessed in a most effective way,\" he adds.In an earlier interview (post-announcement of the new visa rules) to Education Times, Sam Murray, UK Border Agency spokesperson, had said that by closing down Tier 1 post study work, the government is shutting down the possibility for people to remain in the UK for up to two years without work, or undertaking low-skilled work.\"The government clearly recognises the contribution - financial and otherwise - that skilled international graduates can bring to the UK economy. It is, therefore, ensuring that the brightest and the best graduates with job offers commensurate with their qualifications have a route to work in the UK after their studies,\" she had said.USEFUL LINKSFor the full Tier 4 guidance, log on to http://www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk/visas-immigration/studying/adult-students/How does an Indian student find out about companies authorised to hire overseas students so that they can start applying in advance?Students who wish to work in the UK after they have completed their studies will need to apply to an employer who is licensed by the UK Border Agency to employ skilled migrants from other countriesThe student will need to make a visa application under Tier 2. Full guidance on Tier 2 is available at http://www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk/visas-immigration/working/tier2/general/Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12687907", "title": "Man found dead near taluk office", "text": "MYSORE: An unidentified man was found murdered in the premises of Taluk Panchayat office at Hunsur on Sunday.According to police, the incident came light on Sunday morning. The deceased was found lying on the steps of a newly-constructed complex. Police said that the murder may have taken place three days ago as the body was in a decomposed state with injuries sustained on the head and face.Police suspect that someone must have murdered him and thrown the body in TP office premises. A case has been registered at Hunsur town police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12686318", "title": "Kin role in boy's murder being probed", "text": "BHOPAL: Involvement of a family member in the murder of the five-year-old boy is being investigated. The boy was found dead on the Penchvalley Express on April 12.The deceased, Vikas, was found crushed between the berths. The Betul GRP had recovered the body. A missing person report was also registered with the Bairagarh police station.When his parents Kashish and Satish reached Betul to recover the body on Saturday, the two reportedly levelled charges of murder against each other. The investigating officials said the two had separated sometime ago.GRP town inspector JN Bisnoi said, \"Both accused each other of murdering the minor. The post-mortem report confirmed that the boy died of poisoning. It is suspected the body was dumped on the train after poisoning him. The statements of other passengers on the train had also indicated a foul play,\" he added.The case would now be transferred to Bairagarh as the missing person report is registered here, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12682041", "title": "India plans 90-seater civilian plane", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is working on developing its very own 90-seater civilian aircraft with the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) saying \"the strategy for its production has already been evolved\" with the design \"planned to have unique features like enhanced fuel efficiency, use of bio fuel with low carbon footprint, short to long range haul, shorter air strip requirement and ultra modern avionics\".A design bureau has been set up to undertake indigenous design and development of the plane, called the National Civil Aircraft (NCA-90). A total of seven prototypes are proposed to be developed by CSIR along with the National Aerospace Laboratories (NAL) \"to prove the design and demonstrate compliance with respect to airworthiness requirements and certification\".The Planning Commission says the aircraft will be tailored to suit market requirements and will have attractive operating economics. It estimates that \"the design and development of the aircraft would cost Rs 4,355 crore. The estimated series production cost would be another Rs 3,200 crore\".Confirming this to TOI, Dr Sudeep Kumar, head of CSIR's planning and performance division, said, \"We have set up two separate committees - one for joint venture development that is looking for a corporate group or groups who will join us in developing the aircraft from scratch and then will commercially produce it. The second committee is a technical one which is overlooking the entire project of developing the aircraft.\"Dr Kumar added, \"The Council has already had talks with the Tata group and will soon meet with Mahindra Aerospace to look for partnership.\"Bangalore-based NAL had earlier developed India's first multi purpose 14-seater civilian aircraft Saras. But on March 6, 2009, two IAF test pilots along with a flight test engineer were killed when the second prototype crashed 30 km from Bangalore.\"Saras was 14-seater while NCA is 90-seater. NCA will also be a state-of-the-art machine. We have been asked by the Planning Commission to move a Cabinet note,\" Dr Kumar said.According to the CSIR, most developed countries have their own national aircraft. \"It is a niche technology. No country wants to share it with others. India has its desired expertise through NAL to develop its very own national civilian aircraft,\" Dr Kumar said.Developing the NCA-90, officials say, will not only put India as part of this elite group but will also develop the ancillary industry. \"We will have our own maintenance services and spare parts will be available within the country,\" Dr Kumar added.The report of the Planning Commission working group in mega science and global alliances for the 12th five year plan says there is a general consensus that India must launch its own civil aircraft development programme.\"It is proposed that the design and development phase to be substantially funded by the government with participation of technical partners whereas the production phases are to be managed through a joint venture with majority partnership from the private sector. While advantage will be taken of the facilities that already exist by way of test-rigs and test-plants, provision has been made towards suitable augmentation and build-up of new facilities,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "12683316", "title": "Manali mulls sky bus service", "text": "MANALI: Manali may soon get a web of sky bus service for the first time in the country. Increasing population and traffic but very limited roads have forced Manali to consider optional transportation systems.A feasibility report of the track for sky buses, a first for any hill town in the country, has been passed by state government and is being sent to Centre for final suggestion.The sky buses would ply between Manali, Hadimba, Vashisht and Prini , the busiest routes. If brought into effect, buses would ply on over 10km track, 6 meter above the ground. \"Bringing this dream project into existence in odd geographical conditions would be a big challenge for us but it would ease traffic burden on roads,\" said Ajay Sharma, PWD executive engineer. \"The systemwould run on electricity hence help reduce the carbon pollution,\" he added.The roads here are severely crowded with buildings and precious deodar trees on both the sides. With no possibility of widening of the roads, overhead transportation is the only way to keep the town moving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12685723", "title": "Kesco replaces transformer at Dadanagar", "text": "KANPUR: The Kesco authorities replaced the 5 mva transformer by one having 10 mva capacity at Udyog Kunj on Sunday. This work was carried out between 8 am and 8 pm. As a result, the areas connected to Dada Nagar substation faced rostering for 12 hours.After the installation of the 10 mva transformer at Udyog Kunj, the capacity of the Dada Nagar sub-station had doubled. Until Saturday, there was only one 10 mva transformer providing power to the area. The new transformer installed on Sunday is also of 10 mva capacity. Now, there are two transformers of similar capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ponda/panaji", "code": "12681737", "title": "Man drowns in Zuari, woman kills self in Ponda", "text": "PONDA/PANAJI: Ponda police on Sunday retrieved the body of Jitendra Pande, 40, a resident of Sanvordem from the Zuari river at Panchwadi-Ponda. Police said Pande was missing from his home at Sanvordem since Saturday. His family had lodged a complaint with Sanvordem police after their efforts to search him were in vain on Saturday evening. On Sunday evening, some locals from Panchwadi saw the body floating in the Zuari river and informed the Ponda police, who later retrieved it with the help of locals.In another case, Ponda police on Sunday clarified that a 85-year-old woman from Shiroda had committed suicide on Saturday. They could, however, not reveal the cause of suicide. Police had retrieved the fully- charred body of Gopika Nagu Shirodkar from her house at Tarvale-Shiroda in Ponda late Saturday evening. An autopsy of the body was conducted on Sunday. It revealed the cause of death as burning, police said.Police added that a daughter-in-law of the deceased had seen her lying fully burnt inside the house on Saturday evening at around 6.15pm. She immediately informed Ponda police. After conducting the inquest, police had retrieved the body and sent it for an autopsy to ascertain the cause of death. Police said they smelt kerosene odor while conducting the inquest on Saturday evening. Police have registered both the cases as unnatural deaths under Section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).In another incident, a father-son duo from Bambolim were rescued by lifeguards off the Vagator beach recently. Drishti Special Response Services (DSRS) said that Gautam Gayakwad was swimming along with his Son Gungan in a non-swim zone. 'Due to a strong wind, the sea condition was choppy and our duty lifeguard Rajesh Dhuri was continuously requesting them to shift to the safe swim zone but they were not paying any heed to the lifeguard. The area was also rocky and they were approximately 30 m seaward. Suddenly, a huge wave hit them and both father and son got pulled in by the strong lateral current,' a DSRS press release stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12688147", "title": "'Hate Story' is India's 'Basic Instinct': Nikhil Dwivedi", "text": "Bollywood actor Nikhil Dwivedi, who is gearing up for the release of his upcoming erotic thriller Hate Story, feels that the movie is India's first 'Basic Instinct'.Hate Story , produced by Vikram Bhatt and starring Paoli Dam in the lead role and is already creating a lot of buzz with it's explicit trailer. Nikhil says its in the lines of the Hollywood film starring Sharon Stone in terms of boldness.\"Had I not liked it I'd not have been part of it. First thing that came to my mind was, oh! it's a 'Basic Instinct' in India. I thought, why not be a part of India's first erotic thriller? I have tried not to walk the trodden path. And this is an erotic thriller which is has been handled aesthetically,\" Nikhil told PTI.Directed by Vivek Agnihotri, the film also stars Gulshan Devaiah of Shaitan fame. It will hit the theatres on April 20.\"It (film) has pushed the envelope of depicting erotica or portraying sexuality in Indian films to the boundaries. I'm still gung-ho about the story and that is something the audience is going to look forward to. If the story is good they'll like else they may not. But, at the end of the day it's just a film,\" he said.Nikhil, who made his Bollywood debut in 2008 with My Name Is Anthony Gonsalves , said he was initially offered the role of co-star Gulshan Devaiah but turned it down as he is too shy to do intimate scenes on-screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12675156", "title": "Marina goes to Tollywood", "text": "Director Pandiraj's Marina, a drama that revolved around characters found on Chennai's most famous beach, might hardly seem like one that will connect with other regional audiences at first glance, but the film is now actually going to be dubbed in Telugu.Though critical acclaim for the film fell short of the standard set by his refreshing debut Pasanga, it proved to be a hit with the public.The film was also made on a shoestring budget with the unit often shooting most of the scenes on the Marina beach candidly and in secrecy using digital cameras, which not only enhanced the 'realism' of the location but also made it possible for distributors and exhibitors to recover their costs.Says a source close to the development, \"The film will be released as Marina with the tagline The Beach.... The film's unit recently flew down to Hyderabad to hold an audio launch. While the film might be Chennai-centric, it's message, about child education, is universal. Since there were many offers for the Telugu dubbing rights, the film is likely to release with more prints in Andhra Pradesh than it did in Tamil Nadu!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12685684", "title": "Polio campaign conducted", "text": "VARANASI: An intensive pulse polio campaign was carried in different parts of the district on Sunday. The campaign 'Saghan Pulse Polio Abhiyan' targeted administration of polio drops to a total of 6,15,088 children upto five years of age in the district.Inaugurating the campaign at a polio booth at IMA building, Lahurabir, chief medical officer, Dr Gyan Prakash said that though no new cases of polio virus have been reported from the country in the last one year, the virus has been kept under vigilance for this year. It may be mentioned here that a total of 1856 polio booths were made in the district to mark polio day. It included 1070 booths in rural areas and 786 booths in urban areas. In addition, a total of 216 children in the high-risk group (brick kiln workers) and 212 others in the sensitive areas were also targeted under the drive.All the government primary schools in rural and urban areas of the district also remained open to mark polio day on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12681066", "title": "Rights body urges compensation for widower in airport death case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The chief minister's office has been urged to release an ex gratia amount of Rs 5 lakh to Imamsaab Lomada, a labourer from Papepally village in Chittoor, whose wife died in Muscat in 2010. Nearly a year and a half after the death of his wife Beebi Lomada at Muscat airport, widower Imamsaab is still awaiting compensation for his family's loss.Beebi, who had gone to Muscat to work as a housemaid, died of cardiac arrest allegedly due to starvation on October 8, 2010 at the Muscat airport. After she lost her passport in transit while boarding a flight to Chennai, she was stranded at the airport for five days as her employer had cancelled her visa.Imamsaab blamed the Qatar Airways , the Muscat airport authorities and the Indian embassy officials there for the fate his wife suffered and claimed that the government of AP and Muscat had promised him monetary compensation after his wife passed away, but he has not received any money till date. The Migrant Rights Council (MRC) has now written a letter to the CMO seeking the release of the ex gratia amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12681885", "title": "Yavatmal to get solar energy project", "text": "YAVATMAL: Yavatmal has been selected for setting up a solar energy project to generate 125MW electricity. Preliminary procedure has almost been completed. The project, estimated to cost over Rs 1,100 crore, would be set up at village Malkhed in Ner tehsil, 26km away from here. The proposal will soon be submitted to the central government for approval, sources said.According to Yavatmal divisional forest officer Sudhakar Dhole, the Maharashtra Electricity Generation Corporation (Mahegenco) has approached the forest department for finding out suitable land for the project. The forest officials conducted a survey and finalized the non-productive forest land admeasuring 700 hectares situated in the vicinity of village Malkhed. They gave a no objection certificate to the corporation. Mahagenco requires 1,160 hectares of land for the project and the forest department has given 700 hectares. The remaining 460 hectares land was obtained form the revenue department.The official procedure for procuring land was completed and the proposal would soon be submitted to the central government, Dhole said. At least six months will be required for clearance of the project, he said.As per norms, the land should be non-productive and of non-interference from the villagers in its vicinity. The average temperature must be 31 degree Celsius and should not have any tree to be cut. The 700 hectare forest land in Malkhed is non-productive and there is no interference from villagers, Dhole added.Mahegenco will have to pay a compensation of Rs 8 lakh per hectare to the forest department besides equal quantum of productive land against the 700 hectare forest land given for the project, Dhole said, adding that they would take up aforestation works on the land they get in return from the fund received as compensation.The proposed project in Yavatmal is the second of its kind. The maiden project was commissioned in Dhule district. The proposed project seems to be part of government commitment to make the state load-shedding free by December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12682045", "title": "Man withdraws cheating case against builder", "text": "MUMBAI: Kantilal Jain, on whose complaint the VP road police had arrested one Mangesh Mohite in a cheating case and had shown builder Rajendra Chaturvedi as wanted accused, recently withdrew his complaint.Jain, through his advocate, withdrew his complaint, saying the matter has been sorted out ambically and that he does not want to pursue the case.Jain also filed an application before the high court for quashing of an FIR as the police have no authority to do so without court's orders.Following this, Mohite, who was arrested on Jain's complaint, was released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12685956", "title": "Gumla DC to present model at national meet", "text": "GUMLA: Deputy commissioner (DC) Rahul Sharma will present a village development paradigm which encompasses child issues, too, at the 'National Consultation on Decentralization and Equity for Children' to be held from Monday to Wednesday in Cochin.He is the only DC in the country who has been invited to present the integrated rural development model which lays stress on local resource mobilization, decentralized planning with full community participation at the meet to be attended by top bureaucrats of the central government, principal secretaries from various states as well as senior officials from Unicef and other UN agencies.The Centre is holding the event in association with Unicef, and the government of Kerala. \"It is a follow-up to the 'Policy Dialogue on Decentralization, Equity and Children' organized in Kathmandu last September by the Unicef Regional Office for South Asia,\" said Unicef state project officer Saumen Ray, who is accompanying the DC to the Kerala meet. The Indian contingent's recommendations made at the Kathmandu meet include development of training modules for child issues for elected representatives and officials, and conducting a high-quality national-level training programme for policy makers, setting up of child resource centres and institutionalizing participatory planning.\"The Cochin meet is on the lines of these recommendations,\" Jharkhand Unicef chief Job Zacharia said. \"The objective of the meet is to review decentralization in the context of child-related outcomes.\"\"The DC has constructed the Gumla model as the country's one of the best, which needs to be replicated across the country,\" Thomas George, Unicef programme manager (district support), had suggested during a seminar organized by the government of India and UN in New Delhi last year, said a source. Sharma had presented that model at the aforesaid meet in which several states had shown their keenness to follow the innovative Gumla-Jhargaon village model.\"\"Some best practices are also being effected in Jharkhand and Gumla, and the initiative is based on social engineering mode which takes the villagers in full faith and tries to execute inclusive development approach.\" said district planning and monitory unit nodal officer JJB Tirkey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12682411", "title": "Faulty electricity bills kill revenue collection", "text": "LUCKNOW: Harish Srivastava, a resident of Paper Mill Colony, has been one of those power consumers who believed in timely payment of electricity bills to avoid hassles. However, for the past three months, he has been shying away from the duty. Reason: erratic generation of his electricity bills which is often many times higher than the normal.And the Lesa officials are clueless as to what is the remedy. Their computer shows the reading which is even higher than what the meter in my house displays,'' he said. How can that be possible,'' said a bewildered Srivastava.There are scores of such consumers who continue to throng the power substations on a day-to-day basis to get their bills rectified. At times, they succeed. But many who are not that lucky are asked to get their bills deposited at the substation.Consumers are unsure and receive unreasonable excuses from power officials as to how their bills will be corrected.\"The door-to-door billing has stopped in our area. But when we go to get our bills generated, they hand over a bill which at times is unusually low or alarmingly high,'' said Ramesh Bhadouria, a resident of Indiranagar.The UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) may be stressing on new connections for power consumers in the state capital, but it is the online billing that has been a cause of concern. Grave irregularities in generation of bills continue to haunt the consumers who are shying from payment of bills.Lesa sources said that generation and payment of bills has been hit because of the technical problems in the new billing software introduced in December. According to Lesa officials, there has been erratic generation of data, as a result consumers are not turning up to pay their bills.Officials at various substation said that it is because of the complicated nature of the software that the generation of bill get delayed. Officials cited that in the previous scheme of things, a bill was generated in 30 seconds. But now it takes between 2 to 3 minutes. This delay causes grave inconvenience to the consumers who throng the substations in large numbers and are forced to wait for long hours.The UPPCL has been taking up the case with the HCL, the company that provided the software, for quite some time. But that has not made much difference. Lesa officials said that reports pertaining to problems are being taken up and a report prepared on a day-to-day basis. We hope to get the problems rectified in few days,'' said a subdivisional official.UPPCL chairman Avnish Awasthi said that the problem was being taken up. He said that more and more consumers are being tapped and their bills generated on a timely basis. Emphasis is being laid not only on the urban but also rural consumers,'' he said.The complicated software has also hit the e-suvidha, the single window payment system of the department of electronics. The facility continues to remain suspended for the past three months. UP coordinator, Mohan Thakur, refused to comment as to when the facility would resume its functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683643", "title": "Women in politics", "text": "The Centre for Public Policy (CPP) at IIM-Bangalore , in collaboration with Centre for Social Research (CSR), New Delhi, has launched a certificate programme on Women in Leadership. Vishakha Sharma reports.In an endeavour to strengthen the capabilities and leadership skills of aspiring women politicians, the Centre for Public Policy (CPP) at the Indian Institute of Management-Bangalore (IIM-B ), in collaboration with New Delhi-based Centre for Social Research (CSR), an NGO working on gender empowerment, has launched a certificate course in political leadership for women - the India-Women in Leadership (iWIL) programme.The course is spread across three months, which includes lectures, field visits, as well as a week each of intensive exposure visits to Delhi and Singapore. The first batch begins on July 16.Ranjana Kumari, director, CSR, says, \"The iWIL programme aims to strengthen the effectiveness of women leaders as they enter and progress in Indian democracy. It aims to equip aspiring women leaders with requisite skills, knowledge and expertise in various aspects of governance, and strengthens their ability to contest elections, lobby for women's rights and strengthen the overall network of politically active women across India. This training is targeted towards women in politics, social activists, and others from diverse backgrounds who have a keen interest in active politics.\"According to the World Economic Forum's 2009 Gender Gap Index, India ranks 24 out of 135 countries for women's political participation . \"Not only are there only a few women in Indian politics, but women also face different barriers and disadvantages in their quest to become leading politicians in India. Therefore , women in politics need specialised skills and strategies in order to win elections and pursue the policies that matter most to them,\" adds Kumari.As for the advantages of the course, Rajeev Gowda, chairperson, CPP at IIM-B , says, \"India needs leaders who balance passion for public service, compassion for the disadvantaged , professionalism in governance, and courage built on values and vision. This programme will provide women leaders with the foundation and skill-sets to break new ground and become agents of change. Also, this course is practical and multidimensional and will equip participants with cuttingedge capabilities that will enable them to enter , progress, and make an impact in the political arena.\"Women hold a mere 10% of seats in India's Parliament, which also reflects their lack of participation in the decision-making process. The representation of women in Central Cabinet is even lower. Out of the 34 cabinet ministers, only two are women and out of 44 ministers of state, there are only six women.The India-Women in Leadership programme aims to correct this imbalance by equipping participants with appropriate training in political action, policy analysis, personal development and perspective and ideology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681965", "title": "'We wonder if Bhiwandi exists on Indian map'", "text": "MUMBAI: The new, four-lane, concreted road from Thane city ends in a narrow, maniacally jammed arterial road which divides the town into east and west. Electric wires dangle dangerously overhead and stray dogs forage in the heaps of garbage piled on street corners. Manoeuvering open manholes, past rows of rattling powerlooms and hundreds of humans perspiring near those machines, motorists heave a sigh of relief when they drive out of the town.This is Bhiwandi, the textile town in Mumbai's backyard. The Muslim-majority Bhiwandi is a metaphor for stepmotherly treatment to a township. Despite an annual civic budget of Rs 602 crore and a daily turnover of around Rs 40 lakh, the town lacks in almost every parameter that defines a throbbing industrial township.\"We often wonder whether Bhiwandi exists on India's map,\" says Urdu journalist Akhtar Kazmi, who points out that though the town has the Bhiwandi Road Railway station, where long-route trains halt, it is bereft of the services of a suburban railway.Adds advocate Yasin Momin, \"To catch a train to Mumbai, we have to either travel to Thane (16 km) or Kalyan (10 km). We are tired of petitioning the government to link Bhiwandi with the suburban railway.\"The civil court where Momin practises sits on a five-acre land that was inhabited by a military hospital during the British Raj. For years, lawyers and locals have been demanding its upgradation to an additional district judge court, but, Momin complains, the government has turned a deaf ear. \"A writ petition on this is pending in the high court,\" he says.For a population of over 700,000, there is just one co-ed degree college and a couple of women's colleges. \"Those who cannot afford to study in Thane, Kalyan or Mumbai drop out to become mechanics, plumbers or rickshaw drivers.The non-availability of higher and technical institutes throttles our boys' dreams,\" says Javed Farid, chairman of Aqsa Educational Society, which runs a degree college for girls in Bhiwandi.The fact that it sent three MLAS, all belonging to the Opposition, to the assembly in the last polls, has worsened the government's apathy. And, say despondent denizens, the civic elections are not likely to alter Bhiwandi's fate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12687973", "title": "Health department to focus on preventing cholera", "text": "MYSORE: District health officer Dr S N Malegowda has said that the department is focusing on effective handling of cholera cases as there is unusual rise in the incidence of the disease this summer.Inaugurating the 2nd phase of the national pulse polio drive here on Sunday, Malegowda said that the immediate task of the department is to monitor and control cholera cases along with H1N1 cases which has increased this year compared to the previous year.According to him, the district has reported over three dozen cholera cases in the first three months as against the total of 40 cases the previous year.\"There is also increase in H1N1 cases in Mysore. Till now about 6 persons were treated for H1N1 influenza.'' The DHO has directed all medical officers attached to PHCs, community centres and hospitals to be alert about the two diseases and take preventive measures to contain them.District cholera officer Dr Somashekar told TOI that the department's investigation into cholera cases has revealed that most of the victims are those who consumed road-side food. He has asked the civic body to clear all the road-side eateries to prevent the disease.Pulse polio driveThe district administration has set a target of 3.11 lakh children in the 2nd phase of pulse polio drive which started here on Sunday. The drive will continue for three days with the para medical staff doing a house-to-house visit to cover the children.As many as 1,588 booths have been opened in Mysore to cover the targeted figure of 3.11 lakh children below 5 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682462", "title": "Meet deliberates on side effects of medicines", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Possible avenues to reduce the side effects of the medicines, was the focus of the symposium on \"Translational Pharmaco vigilance\" under the aegis of Indian Pharmacological Society held in PGI.The symposium focused over the adverse effects/side effects of medicines. Newer possible avenues were discussed to reduce the adverse effects of the medicines, where Director PGI Prof Y K Chawla, emphasized over the need of pharmaco vigilance in the country. Prof Y K Gupta, head of department of pharmacology, AIIMS and national scientific coordinator, introduced the concept of translational pharmacovigilance.Prof S K Maulik from AIIMS briefed the adverse effects of traditional medicines. Prof Anil Bhansali, head of endocrinology in PGI, shared his experience over pharmaco vigilance of drugs used in metabolic syndrome. Dr Manish Modi from department of neurology, PGI, spoke about genomic approach to neurological disorder. Several other speakers from both industrial and academic background also delivered their talk on different aspects of translational pharmaco vigilance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12685789", "title": "UTV wins Big B\u2019s film back", "text": "UTV and director Shoojit Sircar have won the legal copyright battle against their rival production house Percept Pictures regarding the canned film Johnny Walker .In 2008 an order was passed in favour of Percent restricting UTV and Sircar from making Johnny Walker(aka as Shoebite and Johnny Mastana). UTV had filed a counter-appeal which they've now won, thereby paving the way for the release of a film that the Big B holds very close to his heart.Now with court giving UTV an all-clear verdict the film is all set to be refurbished and revived.We hear the Big B who considers Johnny Mastana one of the most challenging films of his career is very keen on seeing the film released.However one major impediment remains before the long-delayed film sees the light of day.Hollywood's most persistent Indian filmmaker Manoj Night Shyamalan had was supposed to have made a film on the same subject as Johnny Mastana . On hearing of Johnny Mastana he had imposed a restraining order on the film's release expressing his desire to film the story on his own.However no progress has been made on Shyamalan's proposed project.While UTV and Percept refrained from comment director Shoojit Sircar couldn't contain his relief. \"The timing of the court order in our favour couldn't have been better timed. It comes when my third feature film Vicky Donor is on the verge of release.We've retrieved my second feature film Johnny Mastana from Percept. Now we need to get it released from Manoj Shyamalan . I can't talk about UTV's plans in this respect. But I do know that the court verdict has given me new hope. More than my own despondency at the way the film was smothered I felt bad because Mr Bachchan had poured his life into Johnny Mastana. Now I know the film will be released. I am sure Mr Shyamalan would see reason. He hasn't even started his film. Our is complete and ready.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683664", "title": "Stepping stone", "text": "Dhanush Kiran, student of Master of Fine Arts (MFA) in sculpture at Karnataka Chitrakala Parishat in Bangalore, says sculptors can be found in automobile and cinema industries as wellAs a child, I was addicted to the arts. I would sketch and sculpt all the time. For people like me, a fine arts college is the place to be.Whenever people take up a course, they think about future career prospects. Fine arts are different. Here, we don't worry about earning - it's all about chasing your passion. For students who come to me with that doubt, I tell them: if you're really interested in arts, making a living is not a problem. Not many artists have died of hunger.Today sculptors are needed in every field that deals with design, especially with 3D images. For instance , they are hired in the automobile or cinema industry as well. I have nothing to do with engineering, but I used to teach in an engineering college. That is the kind of range in terms of prospects.I did my Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) in Karnataka Chitrakala Parishat as well. For two years, you do a foundation course where you learn the basics in painting, drawing, print-making and so on. You can specialise in one of the subjects later.The major subjects you study in sculpture are life study and creative composition. The former helps in increasing your ability to copy from nature, while the latter explores the creative talent in you.During the Master of Fine Arts (MFA), the theory part you learn is art history. The subject is interesting as it's all about analysis and very unlike the history we learn in schools.There are no formal classes as in a conventional college here. Instead it's discussion and sharing of experiences . One genre of the subject could be taught for, say, 15-20 days and then we move on to the next. By the end of each semester, we have to come up with six sculptures and one journal. The best part is that there's complete freedom to choose the themes and materials ourselves.You can either sculpt using conventional material like stone or bronze or new medium like junk. All of us work under the guidance of a teacher - with whom we discuss how to improve our work. The studio is open 24x7 and we work for around eight hours everyday. The journal we have to submit is like a diary, where we write about our approach to art and our thoughts behind the sculptures we make. The good part about a fine arts college is that you get to spend so much time thinking about art. Everybody around you is an artist. All that we speak about is art. So, there is constant learning. What I am unhappy about is the semester system as students are forced to finish a project in six months. If the semester system was replaced by a yearly one, we could have worked on bigger projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681513", "title": "Bandra flat rates soar 300% in 6 years", "text": "MUMBAI: Bandra-Khar (west), Mumbai's costliest real estate belt outside the island city, exemplifies the unrealistic property prices despite a market meltdown.Bandra's Carter Road, Bandstand and Pali Hill are trying to catch up with Cuffe Parade and Malabar Hill. Prices in these upmarket suburban enclaves here have spiralled to between Rs 40,000 and Rs 60,000 a sq ft from Rs 15,000 per sq ft only six years ago.In a recently completed luxury building on Pali Hill, which was recently mired in controversy over construction violations, the developer is believed to be quoting a mind-numbing Rs 75,000 sq ft (carpet area) and has sold apartments at close to Rs 40 crore each.Recently, a 1,140 sq ft flat (carpet) on Pali Hill was sold for Rs 7 crore. A sea-facing apartment of similar size on Carter Road has received offers of up to Rs 9 crore-the owner wants Rs 11 crore. Elsewhere in Bandra-Khar, the average rate is Rs 25,000/sq ft.Even tiny one-BHK flats in old buildings are being quoted at Rs 1.5 crore while 2-BHKs command around Rs 3 crore. In brand new towers, builders demand 20% to 40% in cash upfront, encouraging only those with black money to invest.Pankaj Kapoor of Liases Foras, a real estate research firm, said prices in Bandra-Khar are symptomatic of the malaise in Mumbai's property market. \"These are unproductive prices and builders quote unrealistic figures. They are trying to equate Bandra with Napean Sea Road,'' he said.As prices reached dizzying heights, Bandra-Khar became a prime example of civic lawlessness and urban chaos. Over the past decade, the lucrative belt attracted the land mafia and a new breed of rapacious builders linked to politicians and the underworld who built luxury skyscrapers on tiny plots in narrow lanes, which once housed quaint bungalows.Citizen activists consistently complained about the thriving nexus between local BMC officials and developers that led to haphazard development in this once peaceful suburb. In many of the bylanes, buildings have come up with no open spaces around them. In some of the new constructions, balconies and cantilever projections virtually touch the road line.But things are about to change. Many fly-by-night builders who bucked the system by bribing BMC officers, are slowly getting edged out of the Bandra-Khar market. Building rules which were amended by the BMC and approved by the state government last January have hit them hard and affected their profits. Local property market sources said around 20 plots bought by such builders at astronomical rates are now up for sale. ``They were used to making 200% profits on each project by selling certain areas of the building illegally to flat purchasers. The new rules have stopped this gross misuse,'' said these sources.Another local developer said, \"They have realized that plots they bought at high rates will not yield them the super-profits they earned over the years through manipulation.''These builders made a huge killing in the past decade by manipulating building concessions granted to them by successive municipal commissioners. They illegally sold areas like flower beds, voids, common lobbies, terraces at market rates to flat buyers, although these areas were not part of the building's floor space index (FSI)-the permissible built up area vis-a-vis the plot size.Land prices in Bandra-Khar were artificially jacked up because these builders paid Rs 6 lakh to Rs 7 lakh a square yard for a plot, knowing that they would make super profits by misusing building areas by bribing BMC officials.A crooked builder could build over 60,000 sq ft on a 1,000 sq yard plot by misusing concessions. Under the new law, he will not be able to build more than 40,000 sq ft saleable on a similar sized plot. Moreover, his profit will take a hit because of the premium he will pay the BMC for the compensatory FSI.\"A new breed of builders will now move in; the old unscrupulous ones will be pushed out because they cannot reconcile themselves to decreased profit margins,'' said a building industry source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686373", "title": "'Law to curb black money will end corruption'", "text": "Times News NetworkINDORE: Former Union law minister and senior Supreme Court lawyer Ram Jethmalani said that if new regulation to check black money came into effect, it would give an end to corruption in the country.Addressing the students at a seminar organized by Indore Institute of Law (IIL) here on 'Money laundering regulation- A tool to curb corruption, Jethmalani said that if he were the prime minister, he would travelled to get back the money stashed in foreign banks.He stressed that if new regulation to curb black money came into being, it would help end corruption in the country.While giving advice to the students, he said that a good lawyer should never loose conscious and indulge in wrong doing. \"One should be honest and work hard to win cases for their clients,\" said Jethmalani.On the occasion, chairman of the institute Akshay Bam and senior advocate Anand Mohan Mathur talked about the need to strengthen the laws to curb corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12688004", "title": "Netizens on a gaming high", "text": "MYSORE: There is a rise in the number of youths rushing to internet centers to play computer games. Today, it is not restricted only for fun but it has become a source of income for students too. The current trend in city colleges here is organizing computer and video game tournaments during their respective college fests combined with a cash prize. Sometimes, many gaming freaks keep travelling to places.In conversation with the TOI, 21-year-old Nahush Bhat, a final year mechanical engineering student in Sri Jayachamarajendra College of engineering, said he started playing computer games when he was in II PUC as the graphics were too good in computer games. Bhat says he practices playing games daily for three hours to win gaming tournaments as he can win cash prizes more than Rs 10,000.Most of the gamers in the city play games like \"Counter Strike\", \"Call of Duty\", \"Battlefield 3\", \"Battlefield\" and \"Need for Speed\".Another gaming enthusiast H M Akash, a final year industrial production engineering student, has spent more than Rs 1.5 lakh to upgrade the hardware of his computers only to play games. Akash, who is keenly interested in online games, said he will not give up taking part in tournaments after getting a job in a company because gradually people have started considering computer games as a sport.Though most of the gamers play games in play station at their homes, but they mostly prefer playing games daily in cyber cafes too as these computers are connected over a Local Area Network (LAN) to other computers which enables the gamers to play against each other.Yeshwanth Raj Urs K, who is working as a customer care executive, has participated in more than 100 tournaments across the nation and has won around 40 tournaments. He said his aim is to take part in the Asia Dota Championship, a famous gaming tournament. \"Many gaming buffs are giving up gaming as they are not getting sponsors to take part in competitions,\" he said.N Ravichandran, owner of two browsing centers, said three years back around 30 youths used to come to each center to play games on a daily basis. But in today's times the numbers have increased to around 150 members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12682214", "title": "IAF too short of trainers, fighters, House panel told", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Air Force (IAF) is facing \"critical deficiency\" of trainer aircraft and simulators, fighter squadrons are depleting and some airfields do not have certain landing facilities, a parliamentary panel has been informed.The IAF has 34 fighter squadrons against the sanctioned strength of 42 squadrons and the number is likely to reduce further to 31 during the 12th Plan, the parliamentary standing committee on defence was told during a recent presentation by top officials of the IAF and the defence ministry.The number of fighter aircraft due for retirement after completion of their technical life far exceeds the rate at which their replacements can be inducted in the IAF, the officials said.The different variants of MiG-21s and MiG-27s are being phased out out during the 12th and 13th Plan period and these are planned to be replaced with Su-30 MKI, medium multi-role combat aircraft, Light Combat Aircraft and 5th generation fighter aircraft. They noted that it was \"very much apparent\" that the induction process has not been commensurate with the de-induction exercise.With regard to trainer planes, the panel was told that the IAF has requirement of 181 Basic Trainer Aircraft, 85 Intermediate Jet Trainers and 106 Advanced Jet Trainers. The IAF does not have a Basic Trainer Aircraft as HPT-32 fleet has been grounded after a fatal accident in 2009. The committee was told that Kiran aircraft are presently being used for training of pilots at stage-I, fighter pilots at stage-II and under trainee flying instructors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12685554", "title": "MSU classrooms get tech-savvy", "text": "VADODARA: Classrooms at MS University are set to witness a major change from the coming academic year.As a major step towards upgrading to modern ICT-enabled teaching-learning infrastructure, MSU has completed the process of installing electronic interactive white boards in each department of the university.The university had obtained 65 such boards at Rs 32.5 lakh from the additional grant given by the University Grants Commission under the XIth five-year plan.These white boards, when connected to internet, will also convert a classroom into a virtual classroom, giving facility to students and teachers to interact with any scholar or students in any corner of the world live.These boards will also help facilitate presentations by resource persons at seminars and workshops. Two such boards have also been installed in the meeting rooms of the main office of MSU so that it is easy to conduct meetings and presentations when there are visiting guests and teams.\"The university now plans to organize training sessions for head of departments and other teachers to help them fully explore the features and potential of the interactive white board for more effective and technologically-upgraded teaching at the varsity,\" a release from MSU said on Sunday.These boards will make teaching more interesting and interactive. \"This device will be connected to a projector and a computer or a tablet and will be operated through electro-magnetic pen,\" said the release.With the pre-installed handwriting recognition software, teachers will also be able to save notes and annotations as electronic files for future use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12681096", "title": "Kavitha ends fast", "text": "HYDERABAD: Firmly reiterating her stand of not resting until a statue of BR Ambedkar was installed on the Assembly premises, Telangana Jagruti president K Kavitha ended her 48-hour fast on Sunday.Kavitha, who had gone on the fast at Indira Park on Friday, said that she would secure a directive either from the Supreme Court or the President were the state government to fail to meet her demand by August 15.Meanwhile, Congress MPs G Vivek and Manda Jagannatham, along with BJP state president G Kishan Reddy, expressed support for the statue demand and said that they would pressure the state government to fulfil the same.But school education minister S Sailajanath questioned the motive behind Kavitha's fast when the CM has already given his assurance that the said statue would soon be put up on the Assembly premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12682386", "title": "Minister blames Left Democratic Front for caving in of road", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The home minister has blamed the previous LDF government for the caving in of the road in Thazhathangady last week.The construction was according to the design finalized by the last government.The officials had then recommended the piling up of granite from 28.5 meters and this was reduced to nine meters for the speedy inauguration of the project, he said.\"From the boring work conducted two days back, it was found that the hard surface was found only 28.5 feet below the road surface.\"Despite that, the construction began from nine meters.\"That means the construction started 18.5 meters above mud and clay. How can I be responsible for that,\" he asked.The minister also said discussions are on regarding the shifting of the West Police Station back to the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12681827", "title": "Tipeshwar tribals oppose relocation", "text": "NAGPUR: To oppose the relocation exercise being initiated by the state forest department, the tribals in Tipeshwar wildlife sanctuary, 180km from here in Yavatmal district, have organized an 'Adivasi Parishad' on April 18.The three villages in the sanctuary - Tipeshwar, Pitapingri and Maregaon - mostly dominated by Kolam tribals, are opposing relocation despite a proposal being passed by the gram panchayat to move out.Resettlement of these villages was a long-pending demand following which forest secretary Praveen Pardeshi expedited the process and mobilised funds from the government. Now a section of tribals say they want land in lieu of land and job to one of the project-affected persons (PAPs).Vidarbha Janandolan Samiti (VJS) leader Kishor Tiwari will guide the tribals along with other Kolam leaders. However, the tribals seem to be misguided as in the relocation package there is no provision for jobs. Under option I, Rs 10 lakh are being offered to each family and those beyond 18 years of age are also being considered as an individual family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12681730", "title": "Man throws acid on sister\u2019s ex-lover, 9 kids among 13 hurt", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A young brother, apparently angry over his sister being ditched in love, hurled acid at a man, injuring nine schoolchildren and four others in Bargarh district on Sunday.Police said the accused, Prashant Sahu (23), threw a bottle of acid at one Chudamani Bag at a \"naam jagna\" (a religious congrgation) at Bhadbida village in Sohela police station area. Chudamani and three others sitting near him sustained severe injuries on their face, chest and limbs. Nine children also sustained minor injuries.Villagers told the police that Prashant had been nurturing a grouse against Chudamani for refusing to marry his sister after she conceived last year. But herfamily did not inform the police fearing social stigma. SP Kabita Jalan said, \"Prima facie it seems to be a case of revenge. We have launched a manhunt to arrest the accused.\"Tension erupted in the village after the incident with irate villagers burning household things of Prashant's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12681114", "title": "Plant to convert kitchen waste into biogas inaugurated in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: With a little help from an Indian Institute of Chemical Technology (IICT) scientist, residents of a colony in Gun Rock are turning their kitchen waste into biogas using a 'modular digester'.For the first time, residents of a colony, Gun Rock Enclave Colony-Phase II in Secunderabad Cantonment, took up the pilot project on Sunday. This project was conceived and executed by Johny Joseph, who works at the Bioengineering and Environmental Centre at IICT.Initially, the digester was prepared for disposal of kitchen waste. However, the design of the equipment was tweaked to generate biogas. In this process called anaerobic digestion, micro-organisms break down biodegradable material in the absence of oxygen and generate methane as a byproduct.\"Technical expertise is not required for its operation. Around 40 to 50 kgs of kitchen refuse (vegetable/green leafy/fruit peels and eggshells) can be dropped into the wide-mouthed feed tank fitted with a tight lid and garbage undergoes multistage digestion within the cascade digester. Due to biomethenation technology, biogas will generate, which can be utilised for cooking purpose,\" he added. \"Nearly 50 kgs of kitchen waste can generate enough biogas to take care of the cooking needs of a family of three to four. Unlike LPG, this gas is odourless,\" the scientist said.The environment-friendly project is being funded by the Union ministry of new and renewable energy and costs around Rs 1.40 lakh. \"The nearly 70 households in our colony generate 70 to 80 kgs kitchen waste. With this equipment, our colony will be garbage-free colony in the Cantonment area. The IICT has contributed 70% of the project cost and remaining, 30%, by colony residents,\" Gunrock Enclave Residential Colony president E Venkata Ramanaiah said.SCB chief executive officer S Balakrishna, who inaugurated the facility, said the SCB was ready to contribute in case any residential colony wants to set up the modular digester.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12682269", "title": "Concrete action needed on unauthorized colonies", "text": "GURGAON: Even this new international city has failed to prevent the mushrooming of unauthorized colonies, sadly negating its mythical image of being \"millennium\". Early this year, the MCG had reportedly said that a recent survey conducted by it showed 39 regularized colonies and around 150 unauthorized ones in its jurisdiction. These range from colonies with a few hundred houses to large areas numbered as phases.Later, the Gurgaon deputy commissioner announced that over 50 unauthorized residential colonies in Gurgaon district will be regularized.However, beyond concerns about its \"millennium image\", unauthorized colonies can actually be detrimental to a city's character and growth.In many different ways, the continued existence of unauthorized colonies will impact the future sustainable growth of Gurgaon. Allowing unauthorized colonies is actually anti-people politics at best. Lack of civic facilities often cause serious disease outbreaks in these areas. Gurgaon is in Seismic Zone 4, making the city prone to earthquakes. With no checks and certification from a housing authority, houses here rarely invest in earthquake-resistant structures, thus becoming hazardous.It is critical that urgent and concrete strategies are adopted for sound solutions. To begin with, a thorough assessment must be made of the number and nature of unauthorized colonies. Assessment should include size of a colony in respect of number of houses constructed, total area occupied, and location; age of the colony; size and quality of construction of each house; actual ownership and number of family occupants in each house; availability and accessibility of civic services, educational and cultural institutions; socio-economic characteristics of the residents, and similar demographic data. Many of these data can be easily derived from existing Census records.After careful analysis of the findings and based on pre-decided parameters, all these colonies can be categorized as small, medium, and large. The strategy should include analysing possibilities of reducing the number of unauthorized colonies, such as by shifting residents away from smaller colonies and accommodating them into medium-sized and larger colonies either through additional land allotment, or by promoting additional floors to be constructed over single-floor houses.Adopting such a strategy will have a number of benefits.*Decongests occupied area. * Reduces the number of unauthorized colonies that will need managing. * Available land can be used as common good and for public services. * Cost of providing municipal services and demand on resources get reduced. * Makes it easier for authorities to focus on making lesser houses disaster-resistant. * More people are able to share equally public and municipal resources. * Calculation and collection of property taxes becomes simpler. * From a social point of view it promotes co-existence and shared dependency.A second strategy could be to grant license to the unauthorized colonies to develop as private housing colonies, since most of these colonies have been developed on privately-owned land anyway. The land owner can be granted the status of a colonizer, and asked to pay the state external development charges proportionate to area occupied and number of plots cut. They will be mandated to provide all civic amenities and adopt all standards applicable for any authorized and developed housing colonies, and thus brought under the ambit of tax payers.A third strategy can be for the government to adopt some of the smaller and medium-sized colonies and convert them into legal colonies for economically weaker sections (EWS). This way, the government will be able to meet its target of \"housing for the poor\" without allotting additional government land for this purpose.A fourth strategy could be to promote the system of rentals rather than ownership, since many people, especially migrants, tend to move to different cities once opportunities reduce here. Private-public partnerships can be explored for development and management of these \"converted colonies.\" The various parameters of payments, compensations, and financial assistance by the government (if necessary) can be easily worked out.A full stop has to be put immediately on any new unauthorized colony while existing colonies are dealt with strategically. Citizens have a key role to play. They will need to be extra vigilant, and civil society has to be alert to any new unauthorized colony coming up. Every city has its carrying capacity, and limitations on the extent to which it can be expanded horizontally and vertically. There is a need to act now. Only then can Gurgaon become a sustainable habitat for everybody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12681822", "title": "Goa cops foil suicide bid in nick of time", "text": "PANAJI: A possible suicide attempt was witnessed at Candolim Beach on Sunday at around 7.45pm.The beach safety patrol noticed a man in his 30s lying about 500m south of the Candolim LG tower. Initially the team thought that the unknown male had consumed too much alcohol but on going closer, they smelled something foul.They tried to rouse the victim and get him to speak but he didn't respond. He kept murmuring in an unknown language later identified as Kannada. The guards spotted some frothing from his nose and mouth which was when an emergency procedure was initiated.The police were informed that since the victim appeared to be critical and he would be shifted to Candolim primary health centre. After doctors diagnosed him, he was immediately transfered to GMC, Bambolim. Doctors said that the victim had consumed a very high quantity (800ml-1l) of thick white oil paint / turpentine kind of mixture. The Karnataka-native resisted doctors' attempts to try and suck out the fluid and six men had to hold him down for the procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681558", "title": "Two more test positive for H1N1 in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Two more persons tested positive for H1N1 influenza virus on Sunday, taking the toll of positive cases in the city to 16 since March.The incidence of positive cases and deaths across the state, especially in Pune, has seen a resurgence since March, after the virus lay dormant for most part of last year.BMC's epidemiologist Dr Mangala Gomare said the two patients were a 56-year old woman from Gamdevi and a 36-year-old man from Prabhadevi. \"Both are taking treatment from private practitioners and doing well. They have not been admitted to any hospital so far,\" Gomare said. She added that the patients' relatives as well as those in contact with them would also be checked and if needed, put on anti-viral drug Tamiflu.While the city has not recorded any death this year, there have been 20 H1N1-related fatal cases in the state. State epidemiologist Dr Pradeep Awate said pregnant women, children and women were the most vulnerable to the attack of the infection. \"They should see a doctor at the earliest and not write it off as a seasonal flu,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12682362", "title": "Teachers seek removal of agriculture minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reacting to the dismissal of a teacher from the UP Board section at the Colvin Taluqdars' College, UP Secondary Education Teachers' Association has demanded the removal of state agriculture minister Anand Singh. The association will also write to Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and other cabinet ministers in this regard. The management committee of the college presided by Anand Singh has terminated the services of secondary education teacher SK Rathore.Colvin College had closed UP Board classes in 2004. As a result 10 teachers, including Rathore, and some office staff, became unemployed. They went to the high court and got a decision in their favour. The college management then approached the Supreme Court but the apex court endorsed HC order.The SC on October 11, 2011, ordered that the decision to run UP board classes to be taken by UP Madhyamik Shikshak Parishad. In March, the Parishad clarified that it had never de-affiliated the college. After much debate, the college decided to begin the UP Board. The court also said that all 10 teachers who were present in 2004 will be re-employed (except those who have retired). \"The management has terminated the teacher (Rathore) who fought for his right. This is injustice and we will go to any extent to set things right,'' said an association member.Teachers will stage a protest at dharna sthal on April 20 and given a representation to the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . On April 30, teachers will take out a peace march from Colvin Taluqdar's College gate to Mahatma Gandhi's statue at Hazratganj at 4pm. They will then hand over a representation to the governor.The association has also alleged that since the closure of UP Board, the college premises is given for wedding functions, exhibitions, coaching centres and spiritual congregations. \"The college has been making money for which there is no track. The agriculture minister who is supposed to be a faithful citizen is involved in illegal things. Hence, we demand his removal,'' said association president RP Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12686357", "title": "Docs' rally against recovery order", "text": "BHOPAL: Doctors from all six government medical colleges of Madhya Pradesh will take out a rally in Bhopal on May 6 to protest the state government's 'failure' to concede their demands, said the Madhya Pradesh Medical Officers Association (MPMOA) in a press release in the city on Saturday.Representatives from Rewa, Gwalior, Bhopal, Indore, Jabalpur and Sagar will meet in Bhopal on April 22 to decide the future course of action.The association is demanding withdrawal of orders of the health department to recover cash benefits extended to them under time scale promotions, implementation of 6th pay commission and time-bound promotion for all (feeder cadre).MPMOA secretary Ashok Sharma said the chief minister assured the doctors in July, October and December in 2011 and later in February this year that neither salary would be reduced nor money would be recovered from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12682496", "title": "18th century church lies neglected", "text": "MADURAI: A church inside the premises of the Udayagiri fort that was constructed by Eustache Benedict De Lannoy in the 18th century now lies in ruins. Lannoy, an ancestor of late US President Franklin Roosevelt, made his mark as the commander of forces of Travancore during Dutch presence in India. The Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) is now trying to seek funds to renovate the church so that the historical connection between the two men can be showcased to the world.According to Dr R S Lal Mohan, convenor of the Nagercoil chapter of INTACH, Eustache Benedict De Lannoy (1715 - 1777) was the commander-in-chief of the Travancore army during the regime of Karthigai Thirunal Ramavarma (1758-1798). He hailed from a small town in northern France called Lannoy near Lille, the same ancestral town of Roosevelt. His maternal forefather Philippe De Lannoy was a direct ancestor of Sara Delano, mother of the American President. Mohan adds that the name De Lannoy had got anglicized to Delano. Famous persons who share the common ancestral lineage with Roosevelt and Eustache B Lannoy through Philippe De Lannoy include President Ulysses S Grant, President Calvin Coolidge and actress Diane Delano among others.History has it that Eustache first arrived in India at Cochin in 1737 as part of the Dutch army. He had been a part of the force that invaded Colachel harbour in a move to capture it but later withdrew in May 3, 1741. However, on learning of the Dutch defeat, he deserted them and joined the forces of Bala Marthanda Varma. There, he trained the forces in European warfare and rose to the position of commander-in-force and was known as the architect of the Travancore dynasty.The family connection between the two men is recognised by Henry Brownrigg of London in his letter to Dr Mark De Lannoy, who hails from Lannoy in a letter dated December 19, 1997. But though Roosevelt is hailed in many places, the achievements of Eustache lie buried in his tomb in the yard of the church he constructed in a corner of the Udayagiri fort in Nagercoil.\"This church was constructed by the commander in 1765 with the help of king Raja Karthigai Thirunal. Today it stands without a roof in spite of Rs 32 lakh being sanctioned for repairing it during the 12th finance commission of the government of India in 2008,\" Mohan says. They were not able to substantiate the claim for re-roofing as early photographs of the church could not be produced. Nevertheless it is an important structure that needs to be protected for its historical background, he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "cast", "code": "12687903", "title": "Neeku Naaku Dash Dash", "text": "Cast: Prince, Nandita, Teerdha, Paruchuri Venkateshwara Rao, Tanikella BharaniGenre : Romance/ThrillerDirector: TejaMusic : Anup RubensSynopsis: Neeku Naaku Dash Dash\" is a greasy love story that runs in the backdrop of the deadly illicit liquor mafia. Siva and Nandita are two of the many teenagers who are picked up from debt ridden families to work as bonded labor for the Rs 470 million (as shown in the movie) illicit liquor brewing business run by the vicious-looking baddie, Bapineedu.An unlikely romance blooms between Siva and Nandita. Nandita bullies Siva into falling in love with her in the midst of brewing and repackaging illicit liquor in a shady facility. The two are forced to run for their lives as the baddies find out about their romance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681505", "title": "MCD polls: First time voters throng booths", "text": "NEW DELHI: The excitement was visible among the first-time voters; a sense of achievement writ large on their faces. They flaunted the mark of indelible ink on their fingers, which many of them considered proof of their coming of age. But these proud young voters were also an informed lot-they knew the problems affecting their areas and had studied the candidates. They hoped their vote would make a difference.In Bazar Sitaram, 21-year-old Zeeshan Qureshi walked out of the polling station feeling proud. \"I was clueless initially; but I feel I made an informed choice by voting for my candidate. I know most candidates don't keep their promises later; but I have the power to make a candidate win or lose. So I voted,\" he said.Zaffrabad resident Uzma is only 19. On Sunday, she joined the ranks of excited first-timers, but there was not a flicker of doubt on her face. \"There is a sense of empowerment in voting. My friends and I spent several days discussing whom to vote for. We want someone who will work to improve cleanliness in the colony and provide basic amenities to residents,\" she said.Lalita Park resident Afsha (18) isn't someone who falls for poll promises; she holds work much above anything else. She candidly told TOI that the local councillor didn't do much to improve conditions in the colony and that she would like to see a change of guard.Anmol Kumar (19) echoed Afsha's sentiments. \"Our generation is better informed and we could change the current political scenario,\" he said.But there were some who chose their candidates based on their popularity and public opinion. In Dwarka, second-year student Vineet Jain had a discussion with his family and friends on the strengths and weaknesses of various candidates before casting his vote.A group of burqa-clad college girls in Jamia Nagar were thrilled to cast their vote for the first time. \"We all turned 18 recently and decided to come together to vote rather than with our families,\" said Amina Ali.Sayed Ravina of Zakir Nagar was another first-time voter. Clutching the hands of a toddler and only her eyes visible through the burqa, she said, \"Last time, I did not have a voter ID card so could not vote. But this time I was determined to exercise franchise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bapora (bhiwani)", "code": "12683124", "title": "Army chief\u2019s village still swears by honest Singh", "text": "BAPORA (BHIWANI): In Bapora, General V K Singh's ancestral village, locals feel proud of the General for blowing the whistle against corruption and they allege he is being targeted for taking graft and malpractices head on.People from all age groups in this village of over 20,000 people start attacking the government and sections of arm equipment suppliers and the Army the moment you raise the issue of recent controversies, whether it's his date of birth row or alleged movement of troops towards Delhi. \"They can't fix him since he is a clean officer. One tiger is enough for all those are making allegations,\" said Parambir, a banker.Almost every house in the village has either a serving soldier or a retired one. The village had a big celebration when General Singh became the Army chief in April 2010.Ninety-year-old subedar major (honorary captian) Gugan Singh, a close relative of the General, recalls him as a gentlemen with keen interest in studies.\"There is huge corruption in the Army - we know about the Bofors scam. None had the courage to raise voice. He has done it. All retired soldiers are with him\" .He added, \"Had there been an iota of corruption against him, government would have fixed him by now. He never even favoured any local for getting a job in the Army.\"The Army chief had visited the village in the last week of March when he participated in an exhibition held at the village government school. Yashpal Tanwar, a young businessman, said he touched the General Singh's feet and also shook hands with him. Villagers said they would host a grand party for the General when he retires.Satbir Singh, who had played a key role in the April 2010 celebration, said people looked up to the Army chief General V K Singh as an inspiration. \"We had never heard anything against him until the smear campaign started against him recently.People don't believe anything spoken or written against him. We have seen how his mother led a simple life here,\" he said. The General's ailing mother is now in Delhi undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687052", "title": "I think it's sweet that girls swoon over Karanvir: Teejay Sidhu", "text": "Model and VJ Teejay Sidhu married actor Karanvir Bohra in 2006. For them, it was love at first sight.After being married for over five years, Teejay feels the bond is only growing stronger. Ask her about hubby Karanvir and she blushes and says, \"He is not like his any on-screen character. He is a very sweet guy who finds happiness in simple things in life; no late night parties, no show-off. He is very sacrificing and always puts me first before making any decision. He lives for my happiness and I am very lucky to have met him. Our personalities are very different and that is actually good because it would be difficult to live with a person who is a copy of me.\"Karanvir Bohra is currently riding on the success of his portrayal of the meanest character on small screen - Viraj Dobriyal in the show Dil Se Di Dua...Saubhagyavati Bhav?. Teejay believes that it is because he does not do anything over the top. She says, \"He underplays the character. I think he has very expressive eyes; which is why there are so many close-up shots!\" So how does she handle all the female adulation that he gets? She laughs and replies, \"Karanvir enjoys all the attention and it's good that his fan base is building. In fact, I find it very sweet when I see girls swoon over him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12684182", "title": "Many feared trapped under debris in factory building collapse", "text": "JALANDHAR: Several people were feared trapped under debris after a blanket factory building collapsed in Focal Point area near here, police said today.Nearly 40 people have been rescued from the collapse site, deputy commissioner (Jalandhar) Priyank Bharti said, quoting personnel from the fire brigade and army, who have been actively engaged in rescue operations through the night.Two persons out of the rescued ones have suffered serious injuries and they have been admitted in the ICU unit of a nearby hospital, he said.There is, however, no confirmation yet on the exact number of people trapped.The entire factory building collapsed at around midnight yesterday, Bharti said, adding the cause of the mishap was yet to be ascertained.The official said help has also been sought from the National Disaster Response Force, whose personnel were expected to reach the site later today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12686429", "title": "A 30 year-long love affair with his camera", "text": "LUDHIANA: For three decades, Maan Singh Toor of Rajouri Garden has been enjoying an affair with the camera, be it a borrowed one or his own. He loves catching a good shot of nature and sharing it with those who missed the moment in their busy lives.A professor in Punjab Agriculture University (PAU), Maan said his tryst with photography dates back to 1982 when he was studying MEd in Shimla, Himachal Pradesh. \"I was fascinated by the beauty of the hills. I didn't have a camera at the time so I used to borrow cameras of my friends and indulge in my love,'' he said. Now, though he has his hands full with work, Maan still makes enough time to click.He feels photography is an art and he was born with it. ''I used to first paint and sketch. When I was in high school I took drawing as a subject and my teachers used to appreciate what I created. I also won several prizes at all-India inter university competitions. When I moved to PAU for my doctorate, one of my professors saw my photographs and encouraged me to pursue it,'' he said.But Maan still did not have a camera of his own. \"Then one day I heard of a frienda's father who wanted to sell his camera and I decided to buy it. That day was great for me and I clicked everything I could. I also then started visiting different villages of Punjab and capturing rural life,'' said Maan.For three decades, Maan Singh Toor of Rajouri Garden has been enjoying an affair with the camera, be it a borrowed one or his own. He loves catching a good shot of nature and sharing it with those who missed the moment in their busy lives.He has also sent his photographs for many national-level competitions and won prizes. He was also awarded the roll of honour in PAU, which became a big boost for his talent. In 1983 he joined Ludhiana-based photography club to share ideas with various budding photographers and analyse each othera's work.Maan proudly declares that the love is still going strong even after more than 30 years. \"I take workshops for students on photography and share basic guidelines about this art. Even my two children Harmohit Singh and Anmol Toor have inherited the art and are good photographers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12688742", "title": "Ram Charan kickstarts Zanjeer", "text": "That Telugu hunk Ram Charan Teja is all set to make his Bollywood debut is old news. What's however interesting is the fact that the actor is working hard to make it big in Bollywood. The disciplined artiste is making all efforts to make his presence felt. Be it his appearance, the stunts or even looks - Ram Charan Teja is doing every bit to be professional.After he was chosen to reprise Amitabh's role in Zanjeer remake, he was spotted sporting a new haircut to suit the character he's gonna portray. The shoot has began in full swing under the direction of Apoorva Lakhia and the delighted actor tweeted: \"In mumbai shooting for the first schedule of zanjeer . its a GRT team im working with.so pls wish them all the best !!!\"The Magadheera star's career is looking up route post engagement to his lady love Upasana Kamineni. His latest release Racha too has fared extremely well at the box office and heading towards creating a history.In Mumbai the shooting's progressing at a steady pace and Ram's all excited about the project. His latest tweet was only a subtle indication of his zeal to deliver a mind blowing performance. He met Big b on the sets and sought his blessings. A thrilled Ram Charan wrote to his fans on twitter: \"Just met AB sir,took his blessings.. And NOW zanjeer begins..yay!!\"Can this new angry young man woo Bollywood fans? Let's hope so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12689385", "title": "45 days on, family settles for a Himaksha", "text": "LUDHIANA: It took the Kalras 45 days to name the newborn in their family but in the end they say it was worth the wait. They named the baby the best that they could. What's more, it was done with consensus in the family. And the members feel quite content about it all.The name -- Himaksh -- given to the newborn has a sacred ring around it. It is another name for Lord Shiva.The 28-year-old businessman Jatin Kalra,father of the cute Himaksh who was born on January 9 this year, says, \"After my son was born, all our family members, including my wife Reshu, my parents Sham Sunder and Veena Kalra, my elder brother Vikas, his wife Kannu and his twin daughters Anushika and Alveera, my younger brother Ashish and his wife Poonam started hunting for an appropriate name that started with 'H' as the priest at a gurdwara had suggested us it to be lucky for the child.\"He adds, \"We searched for names on the Internet and also discussed those which were suggested by our acquaintances. In the end, we zeroed in on the name Hairath and Himaksh. Himaksh was suggested by one of my nieces Anushika, whose close classmate was named so. At one point of time, I wished to give my son an English name as I had lived in Australia for long before my marriage and liked the names there. But then I wanted unanimity among the family members on the name issue.\"Jatin reveals that after much brainstorming, his kid was named Himaksh as there was a consensus on it.\"After 45 days of his birth, on March 5 we held a small function to officially name my son. I hope that he lives up to his name and matches the qualities of Lord Shiva,\" Jatin says.Himaksh's mother Reshu Kalra (27), a homemaker, says, \"Before officially naming my son, we used to address him as Baby, Baba and so on. Even now when my son has been named Himaksh, his nickname is Aksh, which was given to him by his aunty Poonam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681230", "title": "Actor\u2019s \u2018killers\u2019 tried to extort money from her family", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch arrested two junior film artistes from Virar on Saturday for the murder of a small-time Lokhandwala-based actor last month. They assumed she was from an affluent family and tried to extort money from her family.The accused convinced the victim to travel with them to Uttar Pradesh, where they beheaded her. They then dumped her head so that no one could identify her.The accused, Amit Jaiswal and Prity Surin, met the victim, Minakshi Thapa, during the shooting of Heroine few months ago. They decided to kill Thapa and then extort money from her family, but postponed plans twice after they learned that it was difficult to dispose of the body in Mumbai.The duo took the victim to Gorakhpur for a film assignment on March 13. The next day, Thapa called up her mother, informing her that she was on her way to the shoot with Amit; after that she went missing. The accused took Thapa to a room, where they allegedly strangled her to death. They beheaded her, wrapped her head in plastic and put it in a bag. The two travelled back to Allahabad, and threw the bag away along the way.They returned to Mumbai on March 17 and sent a text message from Thapa's mobile to her mother asking for Rs 15 lakh. Her brother, an armyman, filed a missing person's complaint with the Amboli police station. The accused did not call up the family but only sent smses. After repeated threats to kill the victim and post her nude photo on the internet, the brother deposited Rs 60,000 in his sister's account. They used her ATM card to withdraw money in Uttar Pradesh and Mumbai and travelled to Vaishno Devi and Shirdi Saibaba temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12682593", "title": "Old campus culture missing in Patna University", "text": "PATNA: Until a few decades back the staff rooms and seminar halls of different colleges of Patna University (PU) used to hum with lively discussions on academic and literary issues, but the scenario has completely changed now-a-days. Academics take very little interest in debates and discussions and the old campus culture is missing somewhere.Visit any college or postgraduate department of PU on any working day and you will seldom find teachers engaged in academic discussion. At best, they would be found discussing their service conditions, pending promotions, payment of arrears of salaries or some cases pending in courts. Otherwise, you would hardly find one or two teachers sitting in a college staff club.In 60s and 70s, several eminent teachers like R S Sharma, V P Verma, Chetkar Jha, Anirudh Jha, Hari Mohan Jha, Yogendra Mishra, G P Sinha and P N Sharma used to spend some of their leisure hours in Patna College Staff Club to discuss contemporary issues. Similarly, the B N College Staff room also used to serve as a platform for academic and literary discussions.But why this healthy practice vanished after the 80s is intriguing. PU political science retired professor Bachoo Sinha said, \"Earlier, teachers used to be quite devoted to their profession and they used to stay on the campus from 10 am to 5 pm. They used to relax in staff rooms after the end of lecture session and participate in discussion on some topics of common interest over a cup of tea.\"\"But, now-a-days, the priorities of most teachers have changed. While some are interested in active politics, others are engaged in litigations. Uncertainties prevailing among the current lot of teachers over their absorption, promotion and pay fixation distract the teachers from sincere academic pursuits,\" he said.PU English department head and Sahitya Akademy award winner Arun Kamal regretted that the campus now-a-days does not encourage literary or other creative activities among the faculty members and students. Debates, essay and poetry competitions and extra mural lectures have all become things of the past. \"I myself was initiated into the literary field by the academic environment of B N College. As soon as I joined the college, I participated in a poem writing completion organized by the Harishchandra Sabha of the college and won the second prize,\" he said.Kamal pointed out that in the 70s, even undergraduate students used to bring out literary journals from the campus. Magazines like 'Oyster', 'Prakriya,' and 'Mirror' brought out by students were quite popular ones. But, unfortunately, such activity has become a rarity today, he said. He pointed out that teachers today have little respect for knowledge or scholarship. Most of the time they are engaged in infighting and litigations. Even the process of appointment of teachers has been vitiated admitting people of lesser calibre to the profession. Under such circumstances, it would be folly to look for a literary environment on the campus, Kamal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12682334", "title": "Delhi HC upholds cancellation of coal block in Odisha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pointing out that the Supreme Court has \"frowned upon\" the first come first serve principle, the Delhi High Court cancelled the allocation of a coal block in Odisha to a private firm.\"The Supreme Court in the CPIL v Union of India (2G spectrum judgment) has held that public trust doctrine enjoins upon the government to protect the resources for enjoyment of general public rather than to permit their use for private ownership or commercial purposes,\" Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said while upholding the coal ministry's decision to revoke the allotment of the block to Kalinga Power Corporation Ltd.The ministry revoked allocation because despite almost two decades after being given the coal block for its proposed thermal power plant in Odisha, the project remained non-existent.The judge agreed with the ministry's contention and added, \"I have wondered as to what public good is being served or will be served by keeping the coal reserved for the petitioner when till date, after nearly 10 years have passed, the power plant of the petitioner is nowhere in sight.\"Rejecting the claim of the firm that it was the first to apply and got the allocation on that count, HC termed this argument \"misconceived\" and reminded the petitioner firm that the principle of FCFS is now \"being frowned upon\" due to the SC judgment. In any case, the HC clarified, allocation in favour of the petitioner was not because it was first to apply but because it had represented that it was soon going to be a specified end user of coal but this had not happened.Kalinga Power Corporation was allocated Utkal-A captive block in 1993 for supply of coal to its proposed 2x250 mw thermal power plant at Duburi in Odisha's Jajpur district. A decade later, a high-level screening committee of the coal ministry, on July 2, 2003, de-allocated Utkal-A captive coal block, meant for the firm.\"Since the very coming up of power plant was uncertain and further since nine years had elapsed since allocation of the captive block, same be de-allocated,\" the committee had opined. The firm then moved HC which last week dismissed its plea and also imposed a fine of Rs 25,000 on the firm.The court came down heavily on the firm for its proposal that it be allowed to mine and sell the coal from the captive field till the power plant comes into being. \"The intent of the petitioner became clear when the petitioner without even setting up the power plant for captive use of coal, wanted mining rights with permission for sale of the coal...It is clear that the petitioner did not want to preserve the coal for captive use in the power plant and rather wanted to profiteer there from,\" HC observed.It further noted that the industrial sector has undergone a \"sea change\" during last 20 years. \"Nuclear power, then a distant dream, is available. Environmentalists are requiring a relook at thermal power plants. Coal reserves have been depleting. The petitioner cannot act on projections/estimates which are decades old,\" it added.The coal block was subsequently allocated to Jindal Thermal Power Company Ltd and Jindal Vijaynagar Steel Ltd, which too had opposed Kalinga's plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12681900", "title": "Four deaths in 24 hours", "text": "AKOLA: Four persons including two women died in different incidents on Saturday in Buldhana district.The middle-aged woman Nazarbi SK Budhan, resident of Raipur village was killed when a heap of clay caved in on her, on Saturday afternoon. A seriously injured Budhan died on the way to hospital, the sources said.Anita Rajesh Sonune (32), resident of Dudha, committed suicide by hanging herself at her residence in Rajput layout in Buldhana. Her husband is a tailor by profession. Sources said that Anita was mentally ill. The couple had come to Buldhana for education of their two sons.Deepak Damodar Hakde (25), resident of Aughadrao Sawangi village in Bhokardan taluka of Jalna district succumbed after consuming poison in district hospital at Buldhana. He had consumed the poison on April 1.An unknown highly decomposed body of a middle-aged person was found in a well on bypass road near Kardi village, 1km away from Dhad, in Buldhana on Saturday. However, the person is yet to be identified.Accidental deaths were registered in all the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12682164", "title": "Retired Colonel booked for illegal mining", "text": "GURGAON: After nine farmhouses at Ansal's Aravali Retreat were demolished on Saturday, the Bhondsi police have lodged an FIR against a retired colonel for illegal mining in the Aravali hills area. The FIR has been lodged on the basis of the complaint by R S Yadav, assistant mining inspector of Mewat and Gurgaon.In his complaint, the mining inspector alleged that retired Colonel Rampal Suhag, a resident of Mahipalpur village of Delhi, of illegal mining in Aravali hills. The inspector alleged Suhag of illegal mining in his farmhouse number B-56 for an pond inside.Yadav said the retired Colonel has disregarded the Supreme Court order and also accused him of cutting the trees in the area. \"We have lodged an FIR against retired Colonel Rampal Suhag and are investigating the matter,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12683616", "title": "Techie\u2019s kidney saves businessman\u2019s life", "text": "BANGALORE: Life had changed 360 degrees for Pankaj Kumar, 48, (name changed), a businessman from Bannergatta Road , when he was diagnosed with kidney failure about three years back . His daily routine was disturbed as he was subjected to dialysis for two days every week. But a 28-year-old software engineer who died in March this year in a road accident gifted a new life to Pankaj with his family donating one of his kidneys to him.Pankaj was undergoing dialysis and had registered with the Zonal Co-ordination Committee, Karnataka (ZCCK), for cadaver transplant . On March 25, when Shantanu Ray (name changed ), the software engineer from JP Nagar was declared brain dead in a city hospital , his family decided to donate hisorgans .Thisdecision taken by the Ray family helped Pankaj . ZCCK contacted the authorities at the Fortis Hospital where Pankaj was undergoing treatment .The hospital immediately informed Pankaj and his family and counselled them for the transplant procedure , which was a little risky as Pankaj is also a heart patient .Said Dr Mohan Keshavamurthy, consultant urologist and transplant surgeon , Fortis Hospitals : \"The procedure was complex because the patient was not only suffering from renal failure , but also had a weak heart . We had to be extremely careful while giving anesthesia to the patient as he had previously suffered a stroke and it could have proved risky .\"Added Dr Keshavmurthy: \"In this case , the patient also needed to undergo heart treatment , but unless his kidneys were not treated , it was impossible to touch his heart .\"\"My father was suffering from kidney failure for over three years and was on regular dialysis . He is the backbone of our family of 10. I was just 21, when he was diagnosed with the failure and had no clue to run the family business. This donation has come as a blessing for our family ,\" said Muni , Pankaj's son .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12681288", "title": "First Tamil study on Narayana Guru to be out in July", "text": "COIMBATORE: A Tamil monograph on Sree Narayana Guru, a saint-poet and social reformer who spread egalitarian thoughts in Kerala society during the late 19th and early 20th century and fought a relentless war against caste discrimination, would soon be published by Sahitya Academy. The book, Paramsithar Sree Narayana Guru, would be the first authentic work in Tamil on the life and times of the great reformer, who is credited with inspiring several anti-caste movements across the country.City-based Malayalam poet and translator, Vijayakumar Kunissery, is preparing the text from a Malayalam work by eminent Narayana Guru scholar Dr T Bhaskaran. \"Though his areas of activity were the then princely states of Travancore and Kochi, Narayana Guru was an authority on both Tamil and Sanskrit philosophical works. He had a number of poems in Tamil and was in close contact with a number of academics and social leaders of that time. But this is the first time that Tamil readers would be getting a comprehensive study about Guru,'' says Kunissery.The Tamil volume is part of a project undertaken by the Sahitya Academy to introduce Sree Narayana Guru in 22 Indian languages. \"It has high contemporary relevance in Tamil Nadu , which is home to several movements fighting untouchability and caste-based discrimination. The book will throw light on an era when upper caste Hindus made life difficult for people of lower castes like the Ezhavas, to which Guru belonged,'' says Kunissery.According to noted Tamil poet Sirpi Balasubrahmaniam, a study on Guru in Tamil would definitely influence movements against caste discrimination. \"Guru was a great fan and authority on Tamil. He had translated 48 'kurals' from Thirikkural to Malayalam. His scholarly works too had great Tamil influence. Kunissery could translate some of the original works of Guru as well to Tamil,'' adds Sirpi.Kunissery said the translation would be completed in another two months and the book would hit the stands in the first week of July.Though Kunissery has translated a number of novels, short stories, poems and essays from Tamil to Malayalam, it is his first endeavor to translate a Malayalam book into Tamil. \"I have lived in Coimbatore for the past three decades. I have been studying Tamil language and literature. My Tamil writer-friends prompted me to undertake this mission. I hope to the work would not lose its flavour during translation,'' says Kunissery, who is also a well-known poet in Malayalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "phagwara", "code": "12683199", "title": "3 foreigners acquitted of killing Mizo student", "text": "PHAGWARA: Two Sudanese and a Tanzanian student were acquitted of murder charges in the case whereby a student from Mizoram, Johny Lall Mangahi Zuala, died during a football match at Lovely Professional University last year.The court of Kapurthala sessions judge M S Virdi acquitted the trio - Hashim Idriss, Ahmed Altgany, both from Sudan, and Saeed Feisal from Tanzania - after the prosecution \"miserably failed\" to prove murder charges against them. Enquiries by TOI revealed that the three students, who were in jail since the incident, have been released. The trial took just less than eleven months after the incident which took place on late evening of March 26. It is learnt that the Sudanese embassy had followed the case very keenly.A scuffle took place over a trivial issue during the football match between Mizo and Sudanese students and the Mizo student ,Johny, who was member of his state team, died after being severely thrashed on the ground. He died after some hours at a hospital.R&B; festival ends with resolve to work for a causeKasauli: After three days of rocking music and loads of fun moments, the Rhythm and Blues (R&B;) Festival, 2012, that was organized for a cause concluded here on Sunday on a positive note with donors returning to their home towns with a stronger resolve to contribute further for the cause of seriously ill children. The day started in the beautiful lawns of the Kasauli Club that has a bird's eye view of the whole valley, with a brunch organized for donors, even as the Army band played music.The band gave a scintillating performance, for nearly an hour playing traditional Army tunes, besides instrumental music. It was followed by a performance of an Army jawan, who rendered popular Hindi numbers, winning huge applause.\"Having a sumptuous brunch at the Kasauli Club amid a flawless performance by the Army band was the best way of ending our festival. This place presents a beautiful panorama and everybody enjoyed the view. Our attempt of organizing this festival in the hills has been a big success as was clear from the number of people who turned up from far off places for it,\" Prema Sagar, founder trustee of the NGO, Genesis Foundation, told TOI.The R&B; fest, which kicked off on Friday, was organized by the Genesis Foundation to raise funds for the treatment of eight children in the age-group of 11-months to 16 years. Around 350 donors besides other music lovers, from different parts of the country, had gathered in Kasauli to be a part of this festival.After the Army band, Pragnya Wakhlu, a rocker who had won much appreciation on Saturday for her performance, again enthralled the audience on Sunday. Wakhlu, who hails from Kashmir, set the mood by singing a Kashmiri song, which was followed by a number of western numbers.During the jam session, a Delhi-based donor Shirish Joshi took the stage, playing the guitar and singing songs.\"I contributed for the first time for the cause of the kids with the foundation. I liked their idea of gelling the cause of poor children with music and the hills. I am impressed by the outcome and would continue contributing for this cause,\" said one of the donors, requesting anonymity.Manali mulls sky bus serviceManali: Manali may soon get a web of sky bus service for the first time in the country. Increasing population and traffic but very limited roads have forced Manali to consider optional transportation systems.A feasibility report of the track for sky buses, a first for any hill town in the country, has been passed by state government and is being sent to Centre for final suggestion.The sky buses would ply between Manali, Hadimba, Vashisht and Prini , the busiest routes. If brought into effect, buses would ply on over 10km track, 6 meter above the ground. \"Bringing this dream project into existence in odd geographical conditions would be a big challenge for us but it would ease traffic burden on roads,\" said Ajay Sharma, PWD executive engineer. \"The systemwould run on electricity hence help reduce the carbon pollution,\" he added.The roads here are severely crowded with buildings and precious deodar trees on both the sides. With no possibility of widening of the roads, overhead transportation is the only way to keep the town moving. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12686861", "title": "'Tourism can end Naxal problem'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Hoteliers on Saturday said promotion of tourism can end problems of Left wing extremism in the state. Strongly pitching for promoting the tourism industry, Hotel and Restaurant Association of Odisha (HRAO) president H K Mohanty said sustainable tourism can provide jobs and employment to thousands of people.Hotel industry generates scores of direct and indirect jobs. Steps should be taken to promote eco-tourism, rural tourism and culture tourism, he said.HRAO, which was scheduled to launch 'Visit Odisha Year,' promotional activities to promote tourism on April 1, had to postpone it due to the ongoing abduction crisis in the state, Mohanty told reporters.Stating that Odisha was lagging behind other states to exploit its tourism potential, Mohanty said non-availability of hotels , lack of infrastructure and absence of an international airport in the state were scuttling state's tourism prospects.HRAO recommends creating at least 4,000 three-star and 1000 five-star hotel rooms with investment of Rs 13,000 crores in the state, the HRAO chief said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12683071", "title": "For nappy change, baby to email mom", "text": "LONDON: Imagine your newborn baby emailing or texting you asking for a nappy change. Your imagination is now a reality, thanks to scientists who've developed a device which can give today's busy parents an extra peace of mind.The monitoring system, built into an infant babygro, can send emails or text messages to parents to inform them that a nappy change might be needed, say its developers.The device can also detect a baby's heart rate, temperature and whether their breathing patterns have changed - and can be programmed to let you know if your child is happy, grumpy or upset. In fact, the system works by detecting moisture on the baby's skin, which indicates that the nappy has begun to leak, the Daily Mail reported.A special thread woven into the fabric senses electrical signals on the skin. When the skin becomes moist, the signal becomes stronger as liquid conducts electricity. This triggers an email or text.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686803", "title": "AP to have its own Lit Fest", "text": "Come September and AP Tourism is all set to kick-start the State's first literature festival in Madanapalle, where Rabindranath Tagore translated \" Jana Gana Mana\" from Bengali to English.It is going to be destination Madanapalle for lit buffs and bookworms this year. The small town in Chittoor district will host the State's very first lit fest - the Andhra Pradesh Literature Festival - in September. It was in the hills of Madanapalle that Rabindranath Tagore translated the National Anthem into English along with Margaret Cousins (wife of the Irish poet James Cousins) and set the notation which is followed till this day as \"The Morning Song of India\".And it was only fitting for AP Tourism to kick-start the State's first lit fest in this town where this song in Tagore's handwriting is displayed in Besant Theosophical College's library. Incidentally, this year marks the Nobel laureate's 150th birth anniversary. The town is also the birth place of the philosopher Jiddu Krishnamurti, who founded the Rishi Valley School. Talking about the lit fest, Principal Secretary (Tourism) Chandana Khan, says, \"We picked Madanapalle because of the strong literary connection the city has. The fest will feature a lot of inter-disciplinary art - discussions, book readings etc.We will ensure that one-fourth of the literary personalities participating in the fest hail from the State and the rest come from other parts of the country. The festival will be held in September this year and there will one panel dedicated solely to children's literature so that kids are encouraged to read.\" The AP Lit Fest will be an annual literary extravaganza that will be held in various parts of the state every year. \"This year it will be Madanapalle. Next year, we will pick another venue,\" informs the IAS officer. Going by the response the Hyderabad Literary Festival 2012 got in January, the State's first lit fest promises to be a treat for celebrated writers, literary enthusiasts and die-hard bookworms.abhishek.raje@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12688880", "title": "Jalandhar building collapse: 2 killed, several trapped", "text": "JALANDHAR: At least two persons were killed while several others were feared trapped after a three-storey building of a factory collapsed in Focal Point area near here, police said today.Nearly 57 people have been rescued from the collapse site till mid-noon, Deputy Commissioner (Jalandhar) Priyank Bharti said, quoting personnel from the fire brigade and army who are engaged in the rescue operation.The entire factory building collapsed at around midnight yesterday, Bharti said, adding that the cause of the mishap is yet to be ascertained.Chief of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) team Commandant Musaffir said that his personnel has traced two bodies in the rubble.Efforts are on to extricate the bodies from the wreckage, he added.Two persons out of the rescued ones have suffered serious injuries and they have been admitted in the ICU unit of a nearby hospital.There is, however, no confirmation yet on the exact number of people trapped.Intermittent rain is hampering rescue operations at the accident site where district officials, police and medical teams are also present to overlook the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12688545", "title": "Jeetendra launches While Lalitya Munshaw's album", "text": "Jeetendra and Padma Bhushan Ghulam Mustafa recently launched Pehli Nazar, a music album by While Lalitya Munshaw, in Mumbai recently.Singer Sadhana Sargam was the first to arrive at the event, and she was seen chatting up with artiste Ameen Sayani. Padma Bhusan Ustaad Gulam Mustafa, who had walked in with his son, was equally bonding with the guests. While Lalitya Munshaw sang a song from her album, Pehli Nazar, for Jeetendra , the versatile actor kept the guests entertained with his witty speech. Vinod Rathod and Mohammed Vakil gave an enlightening speech on latest trends in the music industry. Others present at the event were Devshi Khanduri (of Chargesheet fame), Aadam and Shadab Faridi.Lalitya is blessed with a melodious voice, and she has developed her own expressive style. Apart form being an expert in classical music, she is also equally at ease singing fusion, bhajan, ghazals and filmi numbers. Having worked with top artists including Hariharan, Ustad Sultan Khan, Anup Jalota, Pankaj Udas, Shivamani, Louis Banks, Ronu Majumdar, Neeladri Kumar and Abhijeet, her recent album has been welcomes warmly by the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12682643", "title": "Railway board meet discusses safety measures", "text": "PATNA: The railway minister, Mukul Roy, held a high-level meeting with the Railway Board officials recently to take stock of safety measures being implemented in the 17 zones of the railways. The meeting discussed threadbare every aspect of safety measures being carried out by the railways. The meeting, however, focused more on the Crew Management System (CMS) to further enhance safety measures.Under the new safety plan, the railways has already launched the CMS in a few zones of the railways to strengthen safety measures, especially during summer. A special control room, which has been set up at the Railway Board level, has been able to communicate directly with the crew members of any passenger and goods trains. Their availability and physical fitness is now being monitored with the help of the CMS. The new technology, developed by the Centre for Railway Information Systems (CRIS) at a cost of Rs 12 crore, is a software using biometric identification to locate crew members on duty, a Board official said.According to the Board official, the new system is maintaining a database of each engine crew member. Their skills and specialization are also known on the computerized system. The system really facilitates the railways to maintain booking of loco pilots and assess their performance as well, he said.According to sources, the railways has been running about 18,000 trains every day across the country carrying about 18 million passengers per day. It is a tough task for the railways to keep a tab on these crew members from safety point of view, sources said, adding the CMS device would now help the railways to maintain communication between the Board control room and crew members.According to sources, the railways has been spending a huge amount on upgrading its information technology (IT) system across the country. The CMS is completely a safety-oriented technology to track the crew members in any emergency, sources said.The CMS was first introduced in 2006 with the help of CRIS as a pilot project. However, it could not make much headway due to some technical snags. \"Since the railways has been introducing more fast trains, this system becomes imperative from safety point of view,\" the official said.According to ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha, this system has been introduced in the ECR and has helped the railways to further improve safety measures. The railways is keeping a tab on safety measures round-the- clock in summer, he said.Incidentally, the CMS plan has also attracted attention of Transnet Freight Rail of South Africa. The CRIS is planning to develop more safety-related devices, including a biometric system, to ensure foolproof safety on tracks, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681528", "title": "MCD polls: The homeless cast ballot too", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time in Delhi, homeless people were given a chance to participate in the election process. Sixty-two homeless people from Mansarovar Park cast their votes in the municipal polls.The State Election Commission had issued voter identity cards to these people based on the identity cards issued to them by Delhi government.\"This is for the first time the homeless have exercised their right to vote. The political parties, which have neglected them for long, are now considering them as an important vote bank, as more such people will be getting their voters identity by the assembly election,'' said Ravinder Kumar, information and livelihood co-coordinator, Humana- People to People India.For long, these people have been denied the most basics facilities like shelter homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12682078", "title": "Jharsa teacher on Thailand tour drowns", "text": "GURGAON: A 34-year-old teacher from Jharsa village in Gurgaon allegedly died after drowning in Pataya in Thailand on Friday.Surendra had gone there to spend a vacation with one of his friends. Sources said that the victim worked as a teacher and was also into property dealing in Gurgaon.Surendra had reportedly got the job after his father died. People close to the victim's family said that Surendra had recently sealed a big property deal in Lucknow and after that he along with his friend decided to visit Thailand.Parveen, his friend who accompanied him, has returned to Gurgaon. Sources said that the victim's friend called up his family members to tell them about the incident.Although neither the city police confirmed the incident nor the family members could be contacted, sources said that the incident took place on Friday.\"We have no such news or input. If the body reaches here, then we will follow the due procedure. The incident has not happened here and hence we have no knowledge about the mishap,\" said a senior police officer.There are reports that due to some festival in Thailand, the post-mortem of the body could only be done on Sunday. Sources further added that the body is expected to come to Gurgaon late on Monday night or Tuesday.The family members of Surendra have not been informed about the incident, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681483", "title": "Auto drivers joining strike to be fined Rs 3,000", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's transport authority has threatened to fine autorickshaw drivers Rs 3,000 each and suspend their licences for 45 days on grounds of refusal to ply if they participate in Monday's strike called by the Sharad Rao-led Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union. The strike, for a fare hike of Rs 5, had all along been understood to be indefinite, but Rao said at a press conference on Sunday that it will be for one day.Nearly 7.5 lakh autos across the state will not ply. People will be affected the most in the suburbs, where more than 80,000 autos will go off the roads. In particular, commuters in Thane, Mira Road, Navi Mumbai and Kalyan will have a hard time as autos are the primary mode of transport there. Deputy regional transport officer (Andheri) Shailesh Meshram said a huge team of officials will be out, pasting show-cause notices on every auto found parked on roadsides, and in slums and bylanes, and noting their numbers. A source said the officials have a target of cancelling at least 100 permits. \"It is frustrating. These drivers should be punished for holding the city to ransom despite being recently given a fare hike of Re 1,\" said Navin Naik, whose workplace is near Seepz in Andheri.Furious over the strike, state transport secretary Shailesh K Sharma said, \"We will initiate strict disciplinary action against the drivers. I have ordered the cancellation of permits, if need be. We will strip them of permits and give these to new drivers.M B Jadhav, secretary, Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority (MMRTA), said, \"We will treat the absence of autos from roads on a par with refusals-fines for which were more than doubled recently. When you are not making autos available for commuters, you are denying them the right to take public transport.\"The police say they are geared to take action in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai if a law-and-order problem arises. \"We will have a huge bandobast and will arrest anyone involved in stone pelting and attacks,\" said an inspector from the eastern suburbs.But Rao is undeterred. \"We will take out a morcha to the state transport commissioner's office in Bandra (East) at 2pm on Monday to press our demands. We want the appointment of a new auto trade inquiry committee and a fare hike of Rs 5,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686549", "title": "Total Recall remake is a hot ticket", "text": "It seems Hollywood is on a roll, at least with respect to remaking classics from the past. One of the most anticipated entrants to the bandwagon of reduxes is Colin Farrell's reprisal of the character made famous by Arnie in Paul Verhoeven's sci-fi blockbuster Total Recall.The original film, released in 1990 was a runaway success and a phenomenal sci-fi flick that went on to gain cult status. The movie, based on a book by sci-fi author Philip K Dick was centred around a construction worker played by strongman Arnold Schwarzenegger , who lives in a futuristic world oblivious to the true nature of his identity. The movie explored the metaphysical themes of consciousness, reality, dreams and other high concept ideas and even had an open ended climax that inspired a million debates and deliberations. Now, the remake is all set to hit theaters in August this year. The trailer of the film, which was released on IMDB and YouTube has received several thousand hits over the last few days.=", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682125", "title": "Special Courts Bill to be sent for President's nod", "text": "JAIPUR: The 'Rajasthan Special Courts Bill-2012', which was passed in the state assembly earlier this week, would be sent for President's assent within a week.The bill has time-bound provisions to ensure effective curb on corruption. Under the Act, the state government, for speedy trial of offences, shall establish as many 'special courts' as considered adequate. It covers grade four employees of the state government, chief minister and the officials from judiciary. The bill will be soon sent for the President's nod.\"The legislation brings everyone who draws salary from the government, from fourth grade employees to the Chief Minister, under its purview. The disproportionate assets or properties will not be transferred or sold and such transfer or sale will be null and void if such asset or property or both are subsequently confiscated to the state government,\" said the official release.However, if the public servant is acquitted by the special court or the confiscation is annulled by the high court, the confiscated property will be returned to the person affected with an interest of 5%.The Opposition along with the ruling party admired the legislation in the state assembly and termed it as a milestone in checking corruption.According to the willingness of the CM a bill was brought in the state cabinet meeting which was held on March 1, 2012. Within a month after CM first mentioned it in the ACB officials' meeting. The cabinet gave its approval to the bill. The commitment of the state government came to the fore when this bill was passed in the current session of the assembly.After the initiative of the Chief Minister, the cabinet gave approval to the draft of the Transparency Act. The bill regarding this is to be presented in the state assembly. The bill regarding right to hearing is also under process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12688412", "title": "Air India asked to pay Rs 90,000 to doctor's family for malpractice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Air India has been ordered by the country's apex consumer forum to pay a compensation of Rs 90,000 to a Chennai-based woman doctor and her two daughters for unilaterally cancelling their tickets to Singapore.The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC) ordered compensation for the doctor and her daughters, holding Air India (formerly Indian Airlines ) guilty of adopting unfair trade practice.The NCDRC gave its order dismissing Air India's appeal against the Tamil Nadu state consumer commission, which had upheld a Chennai district consumer forum's order to pay the compensation.Allowing the plea of the doctor, the district forum had asked Air India and its travel agent Travelon World Wide Pvt Ltd to pay jointly and severally a sum of Rs 25,000 as compensation and Rs 5,000 as litigation cost to each of the three complainants (doctor and her two daughters).\"There is no escape from the conclusion that petitioner (Air India) has not only committed grave deficiency in service by cancelling the confirmed tickets of the complainants (Dr Mary Ramaswamy and her daughters), but the said act would also amount to adoption of malpractice or what is called unfair trade practice,\" the forum presided by Justice R C Jain said.Tamil Nadu native Dr Ramaswamy, in her plea to the district forum had said that despite having confirmed tickets she and her daughters were not allowed to board the flight from Chennai and due to delay in reaching Singapore , they missed their connecting flight to Melbourne and their trip was delayed by over 36 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12680986", "title": "Cops issue advisory to people going on holiday", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have issued a summer advisory, asking people planning a long vacation to inform the nearest police station about their absence. This is to keep a watch on locked homes during summer holidays, say officers.City police stations maintain what is called a 'locked house register' where entries could be made by residents who wish to leave for summer vacations. Police will keep a watch on the locked home during the period, said an officer.Police commissioner J K Tripathy has issued the advisory in order to prevent summer thefts in the city. In the advisory, the police chief has asked the residents to inform the local police inspector about the departure as well as the arrival dates in case of their outstation trips. \"Do install a burglar alarm and, if possible, close circuit television at houses,\" read the advisory.Tripathy also said residents should not keep cash and valuables close to windows and not keep the lower window open, as it would make a burglar's attempt to access valuables in houses easy. As for residents who sleep on the terrace during nights, the advisory said at least one member of the family should remain inside the house.Residents were told not to leave main doors ajar even for ventilation purposes and keep a torchlight besides the pillow as a precaution to keep a watch on movements in the vicinity of the house during nights. \"Do not keep all keys at one place,\" read another advisory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683674", "title": "Wales on the map", "text": "Carwyn Jones, first minister of Wales, wants to make sure that Wales continues to attract the expertise of Indian students. He speaks to Tirna Ray.Withdrawal of the Post Study Work (PSW) visa option in the UK, which came into effect from April 6, 2012, has been a cause for concern for Indian students. According to the British government , the current PSW route which allowed students to work in the UK for two years after completing their studies had to be closed as it was not operating as intended, with large numbers of students working in low skilled jobs or unemployed.However, Carwyn Jones , first minister of Wales, who was visiting India from April 11-14 , said, \"I know there is a perception at the moment due to the visa changes. While UK may be seen by Indian students as a 'difficult place' to go to - along with Wales since it is part of the UK - we want to make it very clear that Indian students are welcome to the UK. Students who wish to work in the UK after graduating will continue to be able to do so provided they have a graduate level job. It is in their interest too. We have 3,000 students studying in Wales. We want to make sure that we continue to attract the expertise that Indian students bring to Wales.\"At the head of a trade mission to promote Wales as a place to invest, visit and do business, Jones was accompanied by a delegation of Welsh business and academic representatives.As far as its India strategy is concerned, Jones informed, while Wales is represented by staff on ground in Delhi, Bangalore and Mumbai, Wales' profile is not as high as England or even Scotland . \"Through my visit, I intend to raise Wales' profile and put it on the map,\" he said.As to academic choices on offer in Wales, Jones pointed out that apart from management, medicine and law, there are opportunities in the field of engineering, aeronautics , automotive, energy generation (with a potential for renewable energy) and advanced manufacturing and life sciences, among others.He added, \"The European industry will need to specialise in the years to come. We realise that and want to attract the best from across the world into specialised areas of expertise.\"Why India? \"I am under no illusion that Wales is but one of many nations vying for the attention of India. A young country, India has advanced economically very quickly in the last few years. Also, it is a country that has a rapidly growing economy. What makes the country remarkable is that everybody here is doing something - giving the country an entrepreneurial profile,\" he said.Also, considering the fact that India is focusing on vocational skill development , Jones feels that this is an area where Wales has a lot of provision.\"Especially, our further education colleges, which provide vocational courses, are used to dealing with businesses and industry and shaping their courses to the needs of local businesses. I will be talking to some of those institutions so that we can work toward a partnership with India, which will involve provisional vocational training in India,\" he said.Recently, the Welsh government reiterated its commitment to developing economic and educational links with India by announcing a further three years funding of \u00a3300,000 for the UK India Education Research Initiative (UKIERI). The funding will help Welsh universities, committed to working with their Indian counterparts, in their research , innovation and educational activity in the global economy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12685759", "title": "Sarsaiyya ghat gurudwara hosts 'langar'", "text": "KANPUR: Thousands of people, irrespective of caste and religion, took part in the langar (community lunch) organized at Sarsaiyya ghat gurudwara on Sunday as part of Baisakhi, which was celebrated on April 13.Baisakhi is also the day when Guru Gobind Singh had organized the Khalsa Panth in 1699. Panch Piaras, five Khalsas, with long hair, kanga, kirpan, kada and kachha were formed.However, the real essence of the festival can be seen in the villages of Punjab, where it marks the celebrations of standing crop of Rabi season.\"In the cities, people celebrate Baisakhi by visiting gurudwaras and taking part in langar as I did with my family,\" said Mamta.Even non-Sikhs turned up in large numbers to participate in the celebrations. The locals tasted the delicacies like Punjabi dal and various other traditional delicacies.\"Langar is all about sitting together on floor and having lunch, as this was a custom of families in villages. Also, it is said that 'prasad' should always be consumed after distributing it and with faith,\" said Jhanvi.The prasad is offered to the people irrespective of religion.\"The idea behind the community lunch is that people should be offered food in the spirit of seva (service) and simran (devotion),\" added Jasmeet Kaur, a devotee serving food in the 'langar'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683647", "title": "Student-friendly admission process", "text": "A 16-member panel at Delhi University proposes recommendations to smoothen the admission procedure for 2012-13 . Vatsala Shrangi reportsThe Delhi University (DU), while gearing up for the new academic session, is making efforts to make the admission process more student-friendly .The 16-member committee, comprising principals from across DU colleges formed in November last year to review changes made to the undergraduate admissions in 2011 and to smoothen the procedure for 2012-13 , has come up with a set of new recommendations.Last year, there were no pre-registration forms and students could directly walk in and take admission. \"Scrapping the pre-registration procedure caused us a lot of trouble. The new recommendation is to have a central online pre-registration of candidates. To facilitate online registration for students with no access to internet, the committee recommends setting up counters in colleges,\" says SK Garg, committee member and principal, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College.In another recommendation, the committee has decided on increasing the admission cancellation amount to Rs 1,000, which in the past, varied between colleges.Many students are denied seats because of one student blocking multiple seats in various colleges and cancelling the admission after the last date. To handle this situation, the committee has decided to increase the cancellation amount to be paid before the last date of admissions , while no fee will be refunded if a candidate cancels admission after the last date is over.\"This time, we have recommended increasing the admission cancellation fee to Rs 1,000. This is because students take it casually when they secure admissions in multiple colleges and block the seats till the last date,\" adds Garg.Another recommendation has been proposed on providing relaxation to SC/ST candidates who failed in the first year, to apply for fresh admissions again in the following year.According to him, there are instances when many SC/ST students performed poorly in the first year or do not get the stream of their choice. This is to give them another chance as they can register centrally again for fresh admissions.\"We want the admission procedure to be smooth and both student and administrationfriendly at the same time. The university still has to give its verdict on the recommendations. The final decision rests with it and is expected in another couple of weeks\" says Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687589", "title": "What after Movers and Shakers 2 for Shekhar Suman?", "text": "Shekhar Suman has returned to the small screen with the second season of Movers and Shakers. Although he claims that people are loving the show, the show has failed to garner the response his first Movers and Shakers managed to.It is heard that Shekhar Suman who was all gung ho to turn director and launch a film with his son Adhyayan Suman, put all his dreams on the back burner for Movers and Shakers 2. Once the show is over, Shekhar Suman will carry the directorial baton and make his debut with 'Heartless', a film that will star his son and Giselle Monteiro in the lead roles.Apparently, Shekhar says that work on his film is on-going. The script, screenplay and dialogues are being penned currently, and that he'll be needed after about a month or so, once the film goes on floors. In the meanwhile it's Movers and Shakers that's keeping him busy, and promises that the show is only going to get more interesting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12683319", "title": "Soften visa rules for better ties: Pak leader", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Emphasizing the need to soften visa rules to encourage the people-to-people contact, Pakistan's former federal minister for law, justice and parliamentary affair Zaheer-ud-din Babar Awan said that unless it was done, the differences between India and Pakistan are bound to remain.Felicitated by the Bar Council of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh, Awan, who was in city on Sunday, highlighted the dire need for a dialogue on all vexed issues between Delhi and Islamabad .\"The two countries do not have a choice to change their neighbours and both are nuclear states, hence dialogue is the only way to resolve all contentious issues. Under the prevailing circumstances, there is no point in boycotting talks or showing resentment. The need of the hour is to have a constructive dialogue,\" said Awan, a senator in Pakistan's upper house of parliament.Questioned about several restrictions on Pakistan by the United States of America in the past over issues like terrorism, he replied, \"Such contentious issues that come up between countries must be dealt with at through discussion and dialogue.\"Taking about the Indian prisoners in Pakistan, he said, \"Those who have completed their sentence in Pakistan will be freed.\" When asked about the issue of Sarabjit Singh, an Indian national on the death row in Pakistan, Awan said that courts decision has to be respected. \"The decision of the courts cannot be overturned by the executive,\" %he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681060", "title": "Crash victim out of coma", "text": "MUMBAI: While one victim of the Juhu car crash Nimisha Mane lost her battle with life on Friday, her friend Priyanka Rai (22) has started showing some signs of recovery. She has regained her consciousness after lying in a comatose condition for two weeks, and is scheduled to undergo a surgery on Monday.One of the doctors treating her at the Criticare Hospital in Andheri, Dr Abhay Vispute, confirmed that Rai would be undergoing her first surgery after the deadly accident that has claimed two lives so far. \"She has got fractures in a couple of areas and requires multiple surgeries. We are going to operate on her femur bone (thigh bone) first,\" he said. Rai has suffered fractures in her vertebrae, skull, ribs and legs. She has sustained head injuries, too.Doctors treating Rai said that she has not starting talking as yet. \"But she has been moving her eye balls. She can hear us now and has been responding whenever her name is called out. This is a lot of hope for us,\" said her uncle Surendra Pandey. Priyanka's family was deeply affected by the news of Mane's death. \"We could hardly eat or sleep after we got the news. But we know that Priyanka will fight it out,\" he said.The family, besides staring at the long-term implications of the accident on Priyanka's health, is also worried about the rising expenses. According to the uncle, the family has already spent close to Rs 5 lakh. Priyanka's father, a supervisor with a transport company, earns a monthly salary of Rs 15,000. Priyanka worked with Travelline International in Tardeo for over two years, and was earning around Rs 22,000 monthly. The company has also been contributing for Priyanka's treatment. Now that she has regained consciousness, the doctors said, the real damage caused by the injuries can be gauged.Meanwhile, a day after Mane's death, her family said they were too distraught to talk about the accident. However, the family of the 19-year-old girl who received Nimisha's kidney, said they were \"indebted\" to the Manes. The recipient had been undergoing dialysis for the last five years.A member from the recipient's family told TOI that they were only told that the donor was a young girl. \"We came to know about the donor from media reports later. We have no words to express gratitude to the donor's family. They had seen such tough times and must have gone through so much to reach a decision,\" said the family member. Nephrologist Dr Sharad Seth, who carried out the transplant, said the recipient was doing well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12681040", "title": "Master plan for lakes' protection on the anvil", "text": "HYDERABAD: After several water bodies were encroached upon and polluted in the past few decades, the state government has finally woken up to protect lakes in Greater Hyderabad. Protection and conservation of 57 of the 169 lakes in Greater Hyderabad and in the erstwhile Hyderabad Urban Development Authority (Huda) limits will be taken up initially.But before that, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to prepare a detailed master plan for protection and conservation of lakes and a consultant would soon be appointed for preparation of a detailed project report.\"A request for proposal was invited from consultants by the corporation a few days ago. A consultant will be appointed by the first week of May who will submit the detailed project report for each lake within six months,\" GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh told TOI.Officials said there were about 10 water basins in Greater Hyderabad area, including Musi and Manjeera, which are tributaries of the Krishna and Godavari respectively.In these water basins, 57 lakes were identified based on their importance and level of pollution. Of these, 9 lakes are located in Uppal mandal, 7 in Saroornagar, 4 in Malkajgiri, 11 lakes in Serilingampally, 7 in Balanagar, 6 in Qutubullapur, 5 in Rajendranagar, 2 in Keesara, one each in Himayatnagar, Medchal, Golconda and Bandlaguda mandals.The consultant has to prepare a project report, including details such as the present full tank level (FTL) of the lake, water spread area, pollution levels of the water, sources and cause of pollution level, and what action should be taken for rejuvenation of the lake. The consultant also has to give suggestions for protection of the water bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682317", "title": "2-month drive against illegal mining to start from today", "text": "JAIPUR: To curb illegal mining in the state, the Rajasthan government will start a campaign from April 16th to June 15th. The two-month drive will be carried out in all the districts of the state, with a special focus on regions where the illegal activities are rampant.Task forces at district and at sub-divisional levels have been formed. Focus will be in areas like Bharatpur, Alwar, Karauli and Bhilwara.\"All the districts in the state have been informed to carry out the inspections at mining sites. Authorities will take strict and effective action against the culprits,\" said Sudhanshu Pant, secretary, mines and petroleum.He added, \"It will be a joint operation. Personnel from district administration, police, revenue department, mining, forest and transport will participate in the drives. During inspections if we find anything illegal or against law, appropriate action will be taken.\"All the districts have been given freedom to chalk out their own strategies and coordinate with the officials from other departments to make the campaign effective.\"Illegal mining has to be curbed. We do conduct such operations from time to time. But this campaign will be more focused,\" added Pant.The police on Thursday had seized four trucks of expensive red-stones worth nearly Rs 2 crore in Bharatpur. According to the police, the red-stones were being brought from Banshi Paharpur area where a ban has been imposed by the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682288", "title": "Many Below Poverty Line families unaware of Right To Education provisions", "text": "JAIPUR: The Supreme Court on Thursday upheld the Constitutional validity of the right of children to get free and compulsory education under the Right To Education (RTE) Act which also makes it mandatory for the private schools to reserve 25% seats for the underprivileged children. While social activists hailed the ruling and the school authorities remained unimpressed, it would be long before the beneficiaries actually understand and gain out of the directive.Lack of awareness is one of the major challenges that the state government needs to overcome to ensure that the directive is well implemented. Most people below the poverty line are unaware of the provisions under the Act and surprised to know that their kids too can go to a well-known private school in their areas.Basanti Biswas, a mother of four children, said she works as a maid so that she can fulfill the needs of her children. \"I can't read and write, therefore I want my children to study and become something in their life. Our earnings are very low and don't have enough money to pay the fees of a private school. I am sending my children to the government school but we are dissatisfied by the education provided there,\" she said.Most teachers in government schools don't seem pay attention towards the education of their students. Some parents charged them with taking their children out of their classes before the time to their homes and engaged them in their household work. \"My elder daughter who is in the 3rd standard was taken by her class teacher to her for household work. On the complaint of my daughter, I went to her school and she wasn't there. She was never present whenever I went to her school,\" a parent said.Lavraj Singh Rathore, a screen printing worker and a father of three said, \"I was happy when I heard the news that the government has passed the RTE Act. My daughter is two-year-old and my other two kids go to private schools. The school fee that I have to pay is Rs 900 for three months and my earnings are not well. It will be a good opportunity for our kids if they get a quality education and without fees. But I don't know whether the schools will agree to this decision or not.\"Abdul, a fish seller said, \"Since the last three years I haven't sent my kid to school because I don't have money to pay the fees.\" Abdul was not aware about the RTE and when informed about it, he said does not have much hope from it. \"I have been watching the functioning of various governments for the past 30 years. Tall promised are made but only few fulfilled,'' he said, adding that he would be the happiest father if his kids could go back to school.Munish kumar, an RTE activist said, \"We will draw support from the students to create awareness on the provisions of Right to Education Act by distributing pamphlets and street plays in the slum areas.\"District education officer S C Meena said, \"The state government has planned many activities to create awareness on the most important provisions of this Act which says that 25 % seats to be reserved for the economically disadvantage group.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "12682439", "title": "Akhilesh gifts municipal corporation status to Ayodhya-Faizabad", "text": "FAIZABAD: Making Samajwadi Party MLA Tej Narain Pandey's wedding reception an event to remember, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday granted Ayodhya the status of a tourism city as a \"gift'' to Pandey. CM also said Ayodhya and Faizabad will now jointly enjoy the status of a municipal corporation.Congratulating Pandey for breaking BJP MLA Lallu Singh's 21-year-old record, the announcement also came as adequate compensation for the low-key wedding celebrations Pandey was forced to organise in January this year. Pandey told TOI: \"This has been quite a wedding gift from Akhileshji. With the twin cities being awarded a municipality status, it will be easier to address the civic and social problems in Ayodhya and Faizabad.\"At the government Inter college grounds in Faizabad, there was plenty to celebrate. Pandey's wife Ati looked the new bride wearing a maroon lehnga and her wedding finery. Pandey, though, was very much the politician, sporting a blue kurta-pyjama. The gala reception began at 10am, with separate air-conditioned and air-cooled tents to accommodate VIPs and local invitees. Political bigwigs who participated in the reception included UP Speaker Mata Prasad Pandey. About two dozen ministers, including Abhishek Mishra, Ahmad Hasan, Ram Karan Arya, Ram Murti Varma, Shankh Laal Manjhi, Arvind Singh Gope and Awadhesh Prasad, were also present.If January celebrations had the local masses feeling disappointed, Pandey tried to ensure Sunday's affair was unforgettable. On one hand, three orchestra parties from Lucknow, Delhi and Gorakhpur pumped up fresh Bollywood hits for Samajwadi workers, on the other, the adjoining kitchen dished out vegetarian delicacies for the guests. The menu included over 12 recipes, a variety of salads and at least four types of desserts.Though Akhilesh remained at the reception for just under an hour, the party was far from over even after his departure. Arrangements were made, sources said, to ensure food was served till at least 9pm.Pandey's wedding was held on January 18. As a result of the model code of conduct, he was forced to scale down the celebrations after the Election Commission said his wedding expenses would be included in his campaign cost. Sticking to a no-frills affair in January, Pandey's 'baraat' was led by a select few from his family. Sunday's reception served a dual purpose; it made up for the low-key wedding in January and became a celebration for his unprecedented victory in UP election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12688128", "title": "Young Indian American wins school board election primaries", "text": "WASHINGTON: A young Indian American has created history of sorts after winning the primaries in a school board election in the State of Maryland.Raheela Ahmed, 18, finished first in the Prince George's County (Maryland) Board of Education elections, while the incumbent School Board Chairwoman, Jeana Jacob, received about 1,000 votes less than her.Jacobs has been the School Board Chair for the past five years, and is vying for her second re-election.She received 25 per cent of votes compared to Raheela's 34 per cent.If elected in November, Raheela, an undergraduate student at University of Maryland , will become part of a nine-member School Board, which administers the 18th largest school system in the US, with more than 120,000 students and an annual budget of USD 1.6 billion.\"I am committed to lifting the performance of our county school system and to excellence in education,\" said Raheela, who attributed her victory to her strong grassroots organisation.She had over 50 volunteers to help her go door to door in neighbourhoods and campaign.A young community activist and leader, Raheela graduated from The Science and Technology Program at Eleanor Roosevelt High School in May 2011, with above a 4.0 cumulative GPA.Currently at the University of Maryland, College Park as a student in the Honors College, studying Biology and Business there, Raheela has already started preparing for the November elections.\"I go to sleep thinking about the campaign every night,\" she said.\"I'm taking a class in accounting, and then somehow I'm linking it to budgets and linking it to campaigning,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12681049", "title": "Summer camp for Muslim girls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Apart from the usual summer camps and activities, this year young Muslim girls from various localities of the Old City will get a chance to develop their personalities as well as learn more about their religion as a city-based body is conducting a 40-day course on 'Introduction to Islam and etiquettes' for girls in the city. The 17-year-old organization, Muslim Girls Association, is conducting the course. Rasheeda Shums of MGA said,\"The course will cover topics like Imaaniyat, social life in Islam, morals and etiquette and role of women in Islam.\" Talking about the reason behind organising such a programme, she said, \"The main aim is to ensure that the girls are educated about their religion sans misconceptions. We will teach them the importance of the role played by women in society so that they grow up to be well informed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12681761", "title": "Amdavadi gets Rear Admirable rank of US", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This executive from a pharma major - who hardly fits the profile of a drudgery-deadened corporate figure - has been hailed as an 'Iron Butt'. This is a title that biking enthusiasts would kill to earn in their lifetime. Vivek Soni had submitted the requisite details of his ride between Bangalore and Delhi to the Iron Butt Association of the US which has more than 50,000 members. He was amazed when he received the recognition and a certificate a few weeks ago.Soni completed the ride, on his Yamaha R15, spanning 2,530 kilometres in less than 36 hours. That made him qualify in two categories of the 'Iron Butt Ride' - 1,609 km and 1,500 km. Soni says he is among the few Indians on the Iron Butt website to have clocked 2,530 km. The closest was a contender called Vinu, who rode 30 kilometres less than Soni.For being the 'Iron Butt', Soni had to leave some electronic trace of his ride as proof. \"I used my debit card and bought something en route to show that I was riding every hour,\" he said. \"Every 200 km, I had to identify a witness who would ratify that I had passed by the spot in question.\" Soni said it was not easy to win the accolade. \"This was a ride I undertook in May 2009 and the Iron Butt Association took some time to certify my ride,\" he said.When asked why he decided to embark on the challenging ride, Soni said, \"I had to prove to my parents that my decision to buy a bike could be vindicated.\" He said on one occasion, he had called his parents in Pune to say he would be home for Diwali celebrations. \"I rode 980 kilometres nonstop from Delhi to reach Pune in less than 13 hours,\" Soni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12682600", "title": "Dolphin Research Centre likely in Patna varsity", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) is likely to have Asia's first Dolphin Research Centre soon. A detailed proposal to this effect is being sent by the state planning secretary to the Planning Commission.Gangetic dolphin expert and Central University of Bihar's environmental science department head Ravindra Kumar Sinha told TOI here on Sunday that the idea of setting up this centre was mooted when Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia visited Patna on February 18 this year and watched dolphins in the Ganga. He offered all financial help in setting up this centre. Later, chief minister Nitish Kumar and deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , at a meeting of the state wildlife board, endorsed the proposal and asked the planning secretary to go ahead with the proposal, Sinha said.The proposed centre would be located on the bank of the Ganga near PU. Earlier, a proposal to this effect was sent to the Union government in 1996, but it could not materialize then for some reasons.Sinha, who is the chairperson of the working group for dolphin conservation set up by the central government and a member of the National Ganga Basin Authority, said that the centre's research activities would be focused around the conservation of dolphins. The population of Gangetic dolphins has reduced considerably during the last few decades.The Gangetic river dolphin is India's national aquatic animal, but frequently falls prey to poachers. Their carcasses are found regularly on river banks. The mammals are killed at an alarming rate, with wildlife officials saying poachers kill them for their flesh and oil, which are used as an ointment and aphrodisiac. Gangetic river dolphins fall under Schedule I of the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act and have been declared an endangered species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). Last year, Bihar government decided to set up a task force for the conservation of endangered species.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12682012", "title": "55-60% cast votes in maiden Chandrapur Municipal Corporation election", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A moderate polling of 55-60% was recorded in the first-ever election to Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) on Sunday. Confusion among electorate also marked the poll day even as the fate of 458 candidates for 66 seats was sealed in the electronic voting machines.Polling began on a dull note in the morning despite it being a Sunday. Around 22.87% polling was recorded till 11.30am. As mercury rose in the afternoon, the turnout dropped further and mere 34.11% polling was reported till 1.30pm. Candidates of major political parties appeared concerned as the turnout was low. They called out party activists to get voters to the election booths.Election officer and CMC administrator NB Wati said that the polling was lukewarm till afternoon. 43.64% polling was registered till 3.30pm in five zones,\" he said. The final figure was not available with him till evening. He anticipated a tentative polling of 55-60% at the end of the day. Polling continued till 5.30pm at various booths which gave additional time for party activists to woo voters. Enthusiasm among voters rose a bit by evening and small queues were seen at polling booths.Scorching summer heat, marriage season and start of summer holidays appeared to be the main reason behind poor response of voters. The afternoon temperature in Chandrapur has crossed the 42 degree Celsius mark and a desperate few dares to step out in sizzling heat. As yearly examination in most of the schools is over, many parents opted to take summer holidays with children. Many voters preferred to attend marriages of their relatives rather than exercising franchise.Polling largely remained peaceful. However, at some places the voters were seen confused over casting two ballots at a time. The administration had arranged two separate EVMs, one each for ward in a prabhag of two at places where there were higher number of candidates in fray. But where there was less number of candidates, only one EVM was used for both wards in prabhag, and candidates for different wards were distinguished by different colour of strips with names of symbols of candidates. Though the polling staff was explaining how the system worked, many got confused and pushed single button or wrong buttons making their votes invalid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12682062", "title": "Soul of Sarkhej Roza waits for monsoon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The place where the idea of Ahmedabad was born - the Sarkhej Roza - is all set to regain some of its lost glory after five dry years. The large tank in the centre of the complex, considered the soul of the Roza, is set to get brimming with rainwater this year if the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's (AMC) plan works out.Storm water from surrounding areas had stopped pouring into the tank as residential colonies and shopping complexes spawned around the Roza in 2007 and blocked the flow of the water. AMC , however, has finally laid underground storm water lines of 1,600 mm and 900 mm diameter which will divert rainwater from Makarba village and Shrinandnagar in Vejalpur into the tank.The tank measures 217 metres in length and 213 metres in width. It was built at the cost of nine lakh tankas, the local currency then. It was at the Roza that Sufi saint Sheikh Ahmed Khattu Ganj Baksh had inspired Ahmedabad's founder Ahmed Shah to build a city on the banks of the Sabarmati 600 years ago.\"Our preliminary calculations show that water will be brought into the Roza tank at 500 cubic metres per hour,\" says AMC's special city engineer Tarun Lad.\"We could not take the drainage lines right up to the Roza complex as the new Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) regulations don't allow construction around the monument. A middle path was worked out where the outlets of storm water drains end just outside the Roza tank and a ramp provided will direct the rainwater into the tank.\"The second installation is a borewell dug in on the Makarba side of the Roza and can be used to fill additional water.\"We need to clean some mud around the bore to use it more effectively,\" Lad added.\"Now that the tank is set to get water, it is time to improve the infrastructure around it,\" Sarkhej Roza Committee chairman Abrar Ali Saiyed.\"The gardens, streetlights and service roads need immediate attention.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12687958", "title": "Students take part in free common entrance test coaching", "text": "MYSORE: Nearly 50 students participated in the one-day free CET ( Common Entrance Test) coaching camp organized by Vijaya Karnataka, a Kannada daily, along with BASE tutorials at Maharaja's college here on Sunday. They were given coaching in physics, chemistry, mathematics and biology.H R Harish, organizer and assistant manager of BASE, said that the training was held for students from rural areas and small towns where there are no CET coaching centres.Varuni, a second PU student from Pandavpapura in Mandya district, said that in rural areas there are no such centres and the coaching had boosted her confidence to take the CET.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12683468", "title": "IIT-Bombay model to help curb water wastage", "text": "PUNE: Researchers from IIT, Bombay, have developed a model for deciding how much water should be released from multiple reservoirs into the river basin to curb wastage and, at the same time, prevent under-utilization .The current practice of releasing water from reservoirs is based on arbitrary planning which leads to under-utilization of water. Adopting the new model can help decide the duration and quantity of water to be released from multiplereservoirs.The study is based on genetic algorithm or formula , which was successfully applied to the multiple reservoir system in the Upper Godavari basin comprising five reservoirs: Waghad, Karanjwan, Punegaon, Ozerkhed and Palkhed in Nashik. It indicated an 11% increase in benefits over the existing practice due to optimum supply of water to crops.Avinash S Garudkar, who is an external examiner for University of Pune's Bachelor of Engineering examination as well as the assistant professor at Water and Land Management Institute, Aurangabad, undertook the research along with AK Rastogi, and T I Eldho from IIT, Bombay, and S D Gorantiwar of Mahatma Phule Agricultural University, Rahuri.The research, which has been recently published in Springer, a European research and development journal, focuses on optimum water release from reservoirs considering heterogeneity of the command area (such as different soil types and different crops). \"Optimum utilization of water means appropriate release for irrigation as per the requirement of different crops grown in different soils. The amount of water released should match the demand of water in the area under cultivation,\" said Garudkar.\"Releasing water for irrigation, hydropower, domestic use and industries from a single isolated reservoir is comparatively easy as guidelines for the same are available. However, multi-reservoir operation in the river basin is complicated and has no guidelines on how much water should be released and when, also due to variations in the soil and crop types in the area under cultivation,\" he said.The present practice of water release from various reservoirs is based on arbitrary planning , influenced by the demand for water in the region, among other things. \"Moreover, different climatic conditions, and number of crops grown simultaneously in the command area with different soil types require different quantities of water , which further complicates the water release process. Hence, the need for a mathematical tool to gauge the amount of water that should be released from different reservoirs so as to achieve maximum crop yield,\" added Garudkar.The new model decides the quantity of water that should be released from multiple reservoirs in the river basin, considering the heterogeneous requirements of the climate, type of crops and types of soil in the area of cultivation.\"The application of the model will enable all farmers in the command area to irrigate their land proportionally along with increasing their net benefits,\" added Garudkar. The model uses the analogy of human genes and chromosomes for deciding water release from various reservoirs in the river basin to maximize benefits.Rastogi, who is a senior professor in IIT, Bombay , said, \"The earlier conventional optimization techniques offer inferior solutions to complex problems. Genetic algorithm, however, gives you the best solutions. These formulae or algorithms have also been used in other fields, such as for achieving structural optimization in architecture , groundwater optimization, or robotic movements and the like. Genetic algorithm gives you the best combination of resources, ensuring maximum benefits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683247", "title": "Use phone to move funds", "text": "A mobile phone is no longer a simple device to make calls. It's become the hub for all your activities, from e-mailing and browsing to paying bills and transferring money. Banks may have been the first to dip their feet into this technological pool, but telecom companies have begun to catch up. The RBI's step to remove the 50,000 cap that it had imposed earlier on daily mobile transactions has also provided the much-needed boost to mobile banking.How does mobile banking work?Mobile banking allows you to conduct financial transactions on your phone just as you would at a bank branch or through Net banking. Banks are now evolving this facility as they launch innovative products. For instance, IndusInd Bank's cash-to-mobile service enables customers to transfer money to anybody, including those who do not have a bank account. A bank customer can download the bank's app on his phone and then put in the phone number of the person to whom he wants to send the money, along with the transaction amount. The bank will send a message to the remitter and the beneficiary along with different PINs to each. The remitter will have to message his PIN to the beneficiary , who can then use both PINs and his mobile number to withdraw cash from an IndusInd Bank ATM. The service is free but operator charges will apply. Also, the sender will need a Java-enabled handset.Airtel Money, on the other hand, can be used on any mobile phone and you can register for it by dialling *404# or at an authorised Airtel Money retailer. There are two types of accounts. The first one is an express account , wherein you can load 10,000 and use this to pay utility bills or for booking rail/flight tickets on travel portals. The upgraded version is called a power account , which can be loaded up to 50,000. This can be done through Net banking or an Airtel Money retailer. Citibank too has started a mobile banking service through its Citibank Cash-to-Mobile Receivables Solution and is aimed at corporate customers . It enables them to receive funds from retailers or end-customers. The advantage is that the money is transferred instantly through IMPS (Interbank Mobile Payment Service), which reduces the cost of transaction.Will it become popular?While online banking has picked up pace, mobile banking remains subdued. One reason is that when a new technology comes into the market, it takes time for people to familiarise themselves with it, which is why the growth is slow. \"Another reason is that the small screen of a mobile phone hampers the usage for transactions,\" says Ritesh Saxena, head (personal accounts and direct banking ), IndusInd Bank. Moreover , the generation that is hooked on to its mobile phones rarely indulges in banking activities. \"However, since the youth prefer phones to PCs, mobile banking will be the preferred channel in the future,\" adds Saxena. Phone technology is another problem area as there are different platforms of mobile banking for different phones. However, the advent of smartphones has definitely spelt good news for the mobile banking segment. Says Sharad Mohan, chief operating officer, global consumer bank, Citibank India: \"After the launch of Citi Mobile on smartphones we have witnessed a 30% growth in new users.\"What banks plan to doBanks have decided to take one step at a time. Currently, they are not pushing hardcore banking services, only presenting mobile banking as an enquiry tool to entice the customers to carry out transactions . For example, SMS alerts for bill payment may tempt you to pay the bill through the phone itself.Banks are also trying to allay customers' fears of data leakage. Each transaction requires multiple PINs or a one-time password (OTP) to ensure it is secure. There are also plans to launch other services under mobile banking to make it more appealing , such as ING Vysya's plans to include wealth management and loan services . \"This will allow a client to use his banking app as a gateway for banking, shopping, stock market information and travel,\" explains Panda.How to access the wallet in your phoneTo register for mobile banking services, you will need... An account with the concerned bank or telecom company. You should be registered for Net banking in case of a bank. A Java-enabled handset for mobile banking, but an ordinary phone will do for Airtel Money. An active GPRS connection in case of mobile banking so that you can access the Net. To download the mobile banking application.To transfer funds, you will have to...Log in to the bank's app menu and input the mobile phone number or bank account number of the beneficiary. Message the PIN you receive from the bank to the beneficiary who will also receive a secret number. He will have to log in both PINs at the ATM to withdraw the money. If the funds are being transferred to a bank account, it will take about four working days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12682757", "title": "Salt Lake set for facelift in golden jubilee year", "text": "KOLKATA: The township of Salt Lake , which will touch 50 years on Monday, is decked up for golden jubilee year celebrations. Exactly 50 years ago, on April 16, the late chief minister of Bengal Bidhan Chandra Roy had laid the foundation stone of the township. The Bidhannagar Municipality and other organizations have lined up a host of cultural programmes in the weekend that will go in till Monday.From one house at AA block, the township has grown over the last 50 years, with the present population at more than 2 lakh.The Trinamool-run Bidhannagar Municipality has come up with a host of promises to improve the civic amenities and overall look of the township. This year, the municipality is slated to come up with some development activities.Works for two prominent cultural centres -Rabindra Bhavan and Nazrul Academy - will start this year. The plan to set up a Rabindra Bhavan was conceived by the previous Left-run municipality several years back, but it remained on papers only. The plot has now been identified and the municipality will soon start the works for the institution that will be a complete educational and research centre on Tagore.The township will also have a centre on Nazrul Islam. The state government has decided to set up a Nazrul academy at Indira Bhavan and work will start from May. The urban development department is taking up this work.However, as far as civic development is concerned, the municipality is facing some bottlenecks. The property tax dispute is the biggest headache for the civic body at the moment. The authorities are trying to sort out the problem with the help of the urban development department. The civic authorities had started tax collection only to stop it midway following errors in tax calculation. The officials are also hoping to sort out the problem by this year.The civic authorities have started pulling down the illegal hoardings and billboards, on display for a long time, and the process will continue. In some areas, the councillors have been trying individually to develop the parks. Some of the traffic islands are being beautified and maintained. New white-coloured street lights have been installed and more will follow.The civic body has a job at hand as far as the township's water supply system and solid waste management are concerned.On law and order front, the new Bidhannagar police commissionarete has been formed and the police are working hard to beef up security arrangements and the traffic management system.\"One positive thing is that we, along with the municipality, are celebrating on the same dais. This will help to further sit and discuss on things and sort out disputes in a positive and constructive way, Apart from property tax, there are other issues like water supply, garbage disposal and law and order which can be improved and strengthened. The township will further grow up if the civic authorities, police and residents work together,\" said Bidhannagar Welfare Association general secretary Kumar Shankar Sadhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12686576", "title": "Nine school kids injured in acid attack", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Angry over his sister being ditched in love, a youth hurled acid at a man injuring nine schoolchildren and four others in Bargarh district on Sunday.Police said the accused, Prashant Sahu (23), threw a bottle of acid at one Chudamani Bag at a \"naam jagna\" (a religious congrgation) at Bhadbida village in Sohela police station area. Chudamani and three others sitting near him sustained severe injuries on their face, chest and limbs. Nine children also sustained minor injuries.\"It was around 8.30 am when Prashant hurled the glass bottle at Chudamani and fled before anybody could react. The unsuspecting crowd was busy enjoying the carnival,\" said Pitambar Bariha, a resident of Bhadbida.Villagers told police that Prashant had been nurturing a grouse against Chudamani for refusing to marry his sister after she conceived last year. But her family members did not inform police fearing social stigma. \"Encouraged with their silence, Chudamani used to pass lewd comments on her even after their break-up. Matters came to a head when the woman tried to commit suicide. That is what the villagers told us,\" said IIC (Sohela police station) Sarangdhar Panigrahi.SP (Bargarh) Kabita Jalan said, \"Prima facie it seems to be a case of revenge. We are verifying the truth. We have launched a manhunt to arrest the accused.\"Tension erupted in the village after the incident with irate villagers burning household articles of Prashant's family. The villagers have also decided to scale down the ongoing fair by cutting down on the fanfare and limiting it to rituals only. The naam jagna started on Friday and will end on Monday.Chudamani along with three others - Gauranga Rana (20), Sarit Adabar (18) and Manas Rana (15) - were taken to VSS Medical College and Hospital in Burla, around 50 km away. Hospital sources said Bag may suffer permanent damage to his vision.The nine injured children were admitted to Sohela community health centre with minor injuries. They are Arun Sahu (3), Kanha Malik (6), Kanha Patra (6), Ajit Sahu (8), Bulu Sahu (8), Subrat Bhoi (8), Basanta Sahu (10), Minketan Malik (12) and Krushna Sahu (15). While all are residents of Bhadbida, Class I student Kanha Patra is a resident of nearby Kenpali village. He had come to take part in the religious congegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12683005", "title": "All Indians in Kabul safe, says envoy", "text": "NEW DELHI: As heavily armed Taliban militia launched coordinated strikes in Afghanistan , also targeting diplomatic enclaves in Kabul, the government said it was monitoring the situation closely.The foreign ministry said all Indian citizens were safe.India's ambassador to Afghanistan Gautam Mukhopadhyay said in Kabul that all Indians were safe and there was no threat to the embassy building. \"The ambassador has briefed foreign minister S M Krishna about the situation ,\" said a senior official.Militants attacked the fivestar Kabul Star Hotel in Wazir Akhbar Khan area. The hotel is located close to the US embassy , ISAF's headquarters and Turkish embassy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "shravasti", "code": "12685774", "title": "Nephew kills his uncle", "text": "SHRAVASTI: A nephew ran over a tractor on his uncle over some small dispute and killed him. The police have registered a case of murder on the application of the deceased's wife and sent the body for post-mortem.Reportedly, Mahesh (25) resident of Gurudattpurwa vilage under Mallhipur police station was going out by a tractor but his uncle Amrika Prasad (68) forbade him to do so. Mahesh did not like it and the uncle-nephew duo exchanged heated words. Mahesh punched his uncle down and ran the tractor over him. Amrika died on the spot. The villagers nearby informed the police immediately. The police reached the spot and sent the body for post-mortem. On the application of Amrika's wife Meena Devi, a case of murder has been registered and the investigation is going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682264", "title": "Siblings electrocuted as hi-tension wire falls on them in Baran", "text": "JAIPUR: A man and his sister were killed when a hi-tension wire fell on their motorbike at Samrania village in Baran district on Sunday afternoon.The incident took place when one Prahlad (32) was going to drop his sister Guddi Bai (29) to her in-laws' house situated at Sirsod village in the district. It was a distance of 20 kilometres between Modera and Sirsod village.\"The man left his home with his sister on the motorbike at 2 pm. At 2.30 pm, when they were passing through Samrania village, a hi-tension wire fell down on the motorbike. Within seconds, they were electrocuted,\" a police officer said quoting eyewitness.\"They were killed on the spot,\" said Rohit Chawla, circle inspector, Samrania.Soon a large number of Seharia tribal people gathered at the spot and did not let the police take the bodies for post-mortem. They demanded action against the officials of the electricity board. Soon after, the parents of the girl, her in-laws and husband also reached at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12682453", "title": "Biggest-ever state budget on the cards", "text": "LUCKNOW: Departmental heads within the Uttar Pradesh government may have till April 20 to forward their final budget estimates for 2012-13 to the finance department , but Akhilesh Yadav's exhaustive charter of demands to Manmohan Singh has already given a sneak peek into what's on the cards in the first budget of the present SP government.That Akhilesh asked for special allocations in the roads, power, education, health, drinking water supply, irrigation, flood control and social welfare sectors also suggests the state budget is likely see additional allocations in this area.The first year of the 12th Five year plan, UP is expected to target a capacity expansion of nearly 2700 mw in the power sector, apart from an additional outlay in the education sector towards recruitment of teachers and for various heads in the rural development and health sectors.With chief minister Akhilesh Yadav putting up a demand for over Rs 70,000 crore as Central share the state budget, slated for June, could be the biggest so far. For 2011-12, the Planning Commission had cleared Rs 47,000 crore for UP. The allocation was Rs 5,000 crore more than the outlay in the previous fiscal. Uttar Pradesh was also awarded an additional Central assistance of Rs 1,100 crore.Typically, the Central share in the budget contributes to about 40% of the total state budget. In 2011-12, the Mayawati government had presented a state budget of Rs 1.69 lakh crore. Subsequently, Mayawati had also presented a supplementary budget of Rs 10,880 crore. This year, the state budget, sources said, is likely to touch Rs 2 lakh crore.The budget in the current fiscal will, however, will look different for a variety of reasons. Not surprisingly, Mayawati's flagship schemes for dalit uplift are set to be dropped. In addition, allocations for parks and memorials - set up as a separate corpus 'to promote social participation and environmental concerns' - have also been dropped.Budget 2012-13 will include:Focus on the priorities of the new government. Earlier estimates will be revised and new expenditure heads will be created.Since the financial year 2012-13 will be the first year of the 12 Five Year Plan, expenditure on all schemes that were to end with the 11th plan will be stopped.Special heads will be created for those schemes that extend into the 12th plan where expenditure has already been promised. This expenditure will be included under the non-plan head.No proposed expenditure will be allowed for those Central plan schemes that have ended. However, in cases where the state government finds it necessary to run these as state schemes, they will be proposed as new schemes after being approved of by the concerned departments.Schemes in the 11th plan that have not been completed will be included as Spill-Over Expenditure in the plan expenditure for the 12th Five year plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12686303", "title": "Man stabs wife", "text": "BHOPAL: Suspecting her of illicit relations, a man allegedly stabbed his wife in Banganga area on Friday evening.The victim, Hira and husband Deepak, who would often fight over the issue. On Friday, the fight took an ugly turn when the husband made a murderous assault,\" said the TT Nagar police.On Friday, after a brief argument over the issue, the accused inflicted multiple wounds on his wife with a sharp-edged weapon. The police said the accused fled the spot after the incident. The victim was later admitted to the hospital.A case under the Section 307 of the IPC (attempt to murder) has been registered, the police said, adding that efforts are on to nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12685947", "title": "Graft charges: Lokayukta for property attachment", "text": "RANCHI: Lokayukta Justice Amreshwar Sahay has proposed on Sunday, the government should first attach property of any individual who is caught on corruption charges. \"Corruption is like a termite and we should not tolerate it in any form. To begin with, the property of corrupt people should be attached so that they are not able to enjoy the fruits of corruption,\" said Sahay.He made the statement during the launch of advocacy and legal advice centre and anti-corruption helpline of Transparency International India (TII). The TII is one of the largest coalitions against corruption in the world. Director of Indian Institute of Management, Ranchi, M J Xavier and chairman of TII PS Bawa were also present on the occasion.\"Once we start attaching the property, corrupt people will realize that they cannot move freely and take things for granted,\" added Sahay. The Lokayukta also took a dig at politicians who have eroded moral values and indulged in unethical practices even after being part of the highest bodies of the country. \"Politicians should realize that their involvement in corruption will ruin the democratic set up of the country,\" said Sahay.The TII also launched a helpline number 9334402323 on which any individual can call and inform about harassment by corrupt government departments. \"The moment we will get a complaint from an individual we will take it up with concerned department and try to redress it at the earliest,\" said Bawa. He encouraged youths to come forward and help TII in its campaign and bring forth any case that comes to their notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12685997", "title": "Amazon's Jeffrey Bezos among lowest-paid CEOs", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Amazon.com Inc paid Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey P Bezos a salary of just $81,840 last year and he received no stock awards, making him one of the lowest-paid CEOs among large technology companies.The rest of his $1.68 million in total compensation was for security arrangements at \"business facilities\" and for corporate travel, the Seattle-based company said in a filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.Amazon said it aims to give its top executives \"a minimum level of cash compensation\" because it wants their pay to be tied to building shareholder value.As Amazon's founder, Bezos owns almost 88 million outstanding shares of the company, a stake of about 20 per cent. The value of those holdings has increased about 9 per cent this year to $16.6 billion.Bezos has ramped up investments in fulfillment, Kindle e- readers and Web services, sending operating expenses up more than 40 per cent in 2011 and shaving 2.3 percentage points off margins. That spending is meant to spur sales, which rose 41 per cent last year, by ensuring that consumers start and end their shopping process at Amazon.These efforts \"are not zero-sum,\" Bezos said in a letter to shareholders today. \"They create win-win situations and create significant value for developers, entrepreneurs, customers, authors and readers.\"Stock awards helped push Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook's 2011 compensation to $378 million. Oracle Corp CEO Larry Ellison received 2011 compensation valued at $77.6 million. At Microsoft Corp, Steve Ballmer's pay package was worth $1.38 million.Amazon's shares fell 1.2 percent to $188.46 at the close in New York. The stock has climbed 8.9 percent this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12682200", "title": "Bank to guide farmers on crop loan", "text": "AMRAVATI: To ensure crop loan to farmers, collector Rahul Mahiwal gave directions to bank officials to reach out to farmers and guide them about the crop loan. He was addressing the meeting of bank officials in which annual credit plan was displayed, on Friday.Administration has earmarked Rs950 crore in draft to ensure the crop loan to the farmer on time. Last year administration had stipulated Rs598 crore for the same purpose. \"In Amravati district around 7,20,000 hectare land is under cultivation and there are 3.57 lakh farmers. Hence as per credit policy the bank should provide crop loans to farmers for Kharip and Rabbi season,\" he said. He told bank officials to complete their target of providing 100% loan.PB Bawaskar of NABARD told the officials to hold conventions in various villages to inform and guide the farmers about crop loans. He also asked them to chalk out a plan with the help of corporate department to ensure 100% crop loan, adding that the loan can be provided for 30 types of crops.Around Rs1,248 crore was earmarked on agriculture and relevant service under credit draft and Rs27.62crore was put aside for non-agriculture sector. Rs88.45crore was earmarked for various government schemes of which Rs26.53 crore was stipulated for self-help groups. Collector told the bank officials to give priority to soyabean processing unit and textile industry while providing loan in non-agriculture sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12682683", "title": "Bypass widening work begins", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) has kicked off work to widen the 17-km-long EM Bypass into an eight-lane speed corridor. This will also speed up the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) project that will move along the EM Bypass, connecting Ultadanga to Garia.KMDA chairman and state urban development minister Firhad Hakim recently kicked off the project. Work will mainly be conducted during the night so that normal traffic movement is not affected in the day.The EM Bypass is currently a four-lane corridor. According to the project plans, the Bypass stretch from Ultadanga to Garia will be widened to an eight-lane one with provisions for a service road, pedestrian walkway and a dedicated cycle track. There will be two bus corridors of the width of a lane in the middle for BRTS. The remaining 3+3 lanes on both sides will be left for flow of normal traffic. \"We will work on this eight-lane project along with the BRTS that will help decongest the Bypass,\" said KMDA chief executive officer Vivek Bharadwaj.The average vehicle count on the Bypass stretch is more than 15,000 now and the number increases during rush hours, particularly from 9am to 11am and from 6pm to 8pm. With Baruipur township coming up where the South 24-Parganas headquarters will be shifted, there will be massive increase in vehicular traffic on the Bypass. Once the BRTS comes up, traffic congestion on the Bypass stretch will ease out considerably.Work on widening the Bypass has been undertaken in parts, but the authorities till date could not carry out widening the full stretch at a go due to encroachment and other problems.The authorities also have plans to lay mastic asphalt on the entire Bypass stretch. This will be done once the widening work is completed. Craters and potholes often develop on parts of the Bypass, especially after heavy spells of rain.The urban development minister recently accompanied chief minister Mamata Banerjee to Delhi where the minister discussed the JNNURM projects and to ask for funds for the second phase of work.Concerned over the massive increase in vehicular traffic, the KMDA authorities during the previous Left-run government's reign had come up with the decongestion plan for Bypass including widening of the stretch, the Parama Island-Park Circus flyover and the BRTS project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12683703", "title": "Bank child\u2019s milk teeth for future", "text": "BANGALORE: When his sixyear-old son's tooth was about to fall off, Rachit Saxena , a banking sector consultant based in Whitefield, Bangalore , chose to put it in a dental stem cell bank. \"He would lose the tooth anyway, so I thought of putting it to good use,\" Saxena said.Dental stem cell banking, a relatively new concept, is beginning to take off in India. While umbilical cord blood banking is over a decade old, dental pulp banking debuted just a year ago. Two Mumbaibased companies - Stemade Biotech and Store Your Cells - are offering the services of cryo-preserving (storing at low temperatures) dental pulp. Stemade Biotech recently opened its teeth collection centres in Bangalore, Delhi, Pune, Hyderabad and Chennai. Store Your Cells operates through dentists.Once a tooth is extracted, it is kept in a tooth collection kit and sent to the lab for cryopreserving . Children's milk teeth can be preserved. Adults, too, have an option of storing their wisdom teeth for stem cell applications.\"I have only one daughter. I want to provide her the best in life, including bio-insurance ,\" said Dr Shailaja Prasad , a Bangalore-based dentist who has banked her 10-year-old daughter's tooth. \"Since I missed out preserving the umbilical cord blood, I utilized the opportunity of storing her dental pulp, which may prove beneficial when she grows up. When we don't mind spending for birthday parties, outings and on gadgets, why not invest in a technology that may prove a lifesaver for our children?\"Stem cell treatment is an interventional strategy that introduces new cells into damaged tissue in order to treat disease or injury. \"Recently , the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), New Delhi, commenced studies to show the efficacy of dental stem cells to grow into heart cells. Global studies point towards the future possibility of treating an array of diseases and injuries such as cancer, cardiac diseases, Parkinson's disease, spinal cord injuries and muscle damage using stem cells,\" Shailesh Gadre, founder and managing director of Stemade Biotech , told TOI.Researchers are hopeful that new teeth can be grown using a person's own dental stem cells. Studies are in progress to put dental stem cells to cosmetic applications such as growing hair.How much it costs?About Rs 1.5 lakh to preserve dental pulp for 20 yrsHow it helps?Stem cell treatment is an interventional strategy that introduces new cells into damaged tissue in order to treat disease or injury. Cells may hold the key to the cure of some of the most baffling diseases of today and of the futureMore people banking on dental stem cellThe ethical questions raised over the use of embryonic cells - which are extracted from destroyed embryos - has shifted much of the focus of global scientific research towards the use of adult autologous stem cells for their therapeutic potential . Autologous stem cells are extracted from one's own body and hence there are no ethical questions involved in their use.Dr Kedar Gadgil of Store Your Cells said there is growing interest among people in dental stem cell banking. While majority of registrations are for healthy children ,in somecases ,children with a history of family illness or those who suffer from juvenile diabetes and other ailments , are also being registered.\"Extracting stem cells from bone marrow involves surgery whereas umbilical cord blood can be preserved only at birth . Because dental pulp can be collectedfrom baby teeth andwisdom teeth,thetechnique provides easy and multiple opportunities for people to preserve their stem cells,\" Gadgil said.\"We receive a number of enquiries every week. About 300 people, including children and adults, have banked their teeth with Stemade so far ,\" said Shailesh Gadre . Stem cells extracted from bone marrow , umbilical cord blood and menstrual blood are bankedin India .The marketfor umbilicalcordblood banking has reached about one lakh samples .The debateScientificskepticism swirls aroundtreatmentinvolving stem cells. The US FDA has expressed concern over patients having hopes for cures that are not yet available . \"Banking stem cells as bio-insurance is fine , the future of stem cell therapy looks promising. At present, several therapies such as treating spinal cord injury by harvesting stem cells, are still unproven and are in various stages of research . People should beware of clinics and hospitals that make tall claims andextract money,\" saidD r Ketna Mehta of Nina Foundation, a Mumbai-basedNGOthatoffers rehabilitation services for people with spinal cord injury .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686202", "title": "Nargis Fakri is the new Ms Khiladi", "text": "While Ranbir Kapoor walked away with all the accolades in Rockstar, Nargis Fakhri had to wait it out after her debut. Luckily, Akshay Kumar has stepped in to save the damsel in distress, and signed her on for his home production Khiladi 786, which he is co-producing with Himesh Reshammiya.Fakhri, who starts shooting for the film in June, will play Khiladi's love interest. A close friend of the actress told Mirror, \"She will be donning ultra-glam clothes in the film. It's a very sexy avatar.\"Apparently, Fakhri has had her meetings with Akshay and understood the role well. Said her friend, \"She is very happy. It was not easy for her after Rockstar where Ranbir got all the praise. Khiladi 786 is not a small film. Moreover, Akshay has had a big hit in Housefull 2 only recently. All this adds to her excitement.\"Meanwhile, this isn't the first time Akshay has acted as saviour. It is common knowledge that he also helped another girl like Fakhri, who didn't know much Hindi and didn't look much Indian to boot, the girl in question being Katrina Kaif. The shooting begins on June 20. The film will be directed by Ashish R Mohan. We hear Nargis has already started attending workshops to prepare for her role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12686346", "title": "Seminar on prevention of child marriage held", "text": "BHOPAL: Ahead of Akshya Tithiya later this month during which child marriages take place in some rural pockets of the state, Bhopal unit of the UNICEF organised a seminar on 'prevention of early marriage' here.Principal secretary, women and child development, B R Naidu said that the state was committed to prevent child marriages and would also undertake a special campaign for generating awareness.Usha Chaturvedi, chairperson, State Commission for Protection of Child Rights, said that need was a need of a long-term plan to combat the social menace and in this venture, the community leaders should also be included for spreading the message.Dr Tania Goldner, chief, UNICEF officer for Madhya Pradesh also spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686874", "title": "Alisha is pampered the most!", "text": "Director's Kut's new show, Jamuna Paar is the one where we are seeing a bouquet of newcomers playing key roles. Alisha Ahluwalia, who plays the role of Jassi in the show, is one of them who shot to fame with her acting skills and cute looks.Former model and video jockey, Alisha has been in the entertainment industry for some time now, but this is her first break in a daily soap. In the past, the actress has performed in more than 100 music videos, been a host of a reality show and has also won few reality shows.\"Though I had been in the glamour industry just for some time, I knew that I always wanted to become an actress. But I never really thought of acting in a daily soap because some how I could not relate to the typical saas-bahu storylines. I had even relocated to Canada for few years.However, my family played a big role in my returning to India. My brother Armaan encouraged me a lot and asked me to come back,\" shares Alisha.Once the decision for return was made, the pretty actress started getting in touch with various casting directors. \"I even gave a few online auditions, including one for the Director's Kut show. I got selected and here I am shooting for the show in Mumbai,\" says the actress with a smile of achievement on her face.Regarding her co-actors, Alisha says, \"I feel I am the most pampered person on the sets of Jamuna Paar. Everyone is so helpful - right from the spot boy to the lead actor. I feel Rajan Sahi's Director's Kut production house is the ideal one for any newcomer to launch their career,\"\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "suave , and often reticent, infosys technologies co-chairman senapathy gopalakrishnan , or kris gopalakrishnan as he is popularly known, has been an enduring presence in the bangalore-based information technology company infosys technologies through its 31 years of existence, first as co-founder and then as one of its guiding spirits. while in kochi to open the startup village on sunday, gopalakrishnan chatted with ravi menon about the prospects of a deepening economic slowdown, slower client spending and the road ahead for infosys", "code": "12682335", "title": "Global environment will be tough in the next 2-3 years: Kris Gopalakrishnan", "text": "Suave , and often reticent, Infosys Technologies co-chairman Senapathy Gopalakrishnan , or Kris Gopalakrishnan as he is popularly known, has been an enduring presence in the Bangalore-based information technology company Infosys Technologies through its 31 years of existence, first as co-founder and then as one of its guiding spirits. While in Kochi to open the Startup Village on Sunday, Gopalakrishnan chatted with Ravi Menon about the prospects of a deepening economic slowdown, slower client spending and the road ahead for Infosys: Excerpts:We have still not seen the expected economic revival going by the IIP numbers till February. In fact, corporate profits fell by over 5% in the October-December period and overall growth is slower than we expected. So, what is your prognosis for the industry ahead?Well, I think the global environment is going to be challenging for the next two to three years, and there are clear signs to that effect. Financial services companies are seeing significant pressure in maintaining their momentum. What we have been seeing is that even though IT budgets of clients are flat or slightly down, hence spending is not really happening as usual.We have also seen some changes in the senior IT leaderships of our clients. This is being driven by the pressures brought to bear to reduce IT budgets.Often, when the IT leaderships of the clients fail to meet their reduced budget targets, they are asked to leave. This kind of tremendous pressure to contain costs often results in projects being delayed or postponed for a certain period of time. Similarly, projects can also get scaled down up to 50% owing to budget constraints or pressure to reduce certain components of a project.We witnessed this phenomenon during the previous (January-March) quarter...Yes, we did. In fact, we had reduced our earnings guidance during the previous quarter keeping that in mind. And, we saw thatDuring that point, many of our listed peers in the industry were also expressing similar concerns about market conditions. Therefore, we have to wait and see how the industry as a whole performs during this quarter.Do you think the slowdown is deepening?The Indian environment is as challenging as the global scene because of two reasons. One is that the global economy is slowing down and it invariably impacts India's prospects.Second, is the high level of uncertainty created in India over government policies. This has reduced investments coming into the country and can contribute to the slowing down of the economy.Infosys has in recent years been upbeat on tapping service markets in niche areas, and transformational outsourcing -- providing entire bouquet of services to clients from front to back-end.Well, our growth plans have always been based on trends in the market and demand from our clients. If you look at our consulting division today, it gives us around 30% of our revenues. The really new stuff that we are doing is in the products, platforms and solutions space. This segment contributes 6.5% of our top line and we expect this to grow faster.Our long term goal is to fetch a third of our revenues from what we call 'business IT services', a third from consulting and a third from products, platforms and solutions.Consulting has been a rather high margins business.Well, revenue productivity is certainly higher in the consulting space. As for margins, they have been similar across all our business verticals.If there is a single direction Infosys should take in the next two years, what would that be?Clearly, the focus will be on growing our products, platforms and solutions business. Because, then there would be a balanced portfolio of services which the company whichwill enable us to address all the client's requirements. Today, we are able to address only some of them.Well, that brings up my usual question: any acquisition plans this year?We are actively exploring acquisition targets, as it is a part of our growth strategy. It doesn't make sense to carry out acquisitions just for the sake of it. Whenever we find the right company at the right price, we will go ahead. We did one acquisition recently in Australia and another in New Zealand. We are looking at possible acquiree companies in the US and Canada as well.How are your expansion plans in Kerala shaping up?Our Technopark campus is doing well. We recently signed an MoU for opening a second campus at the Technocity in Thiruvananthapuram. Construction will start in the next 12 months once we get all the necessary approvals. That said, our total hiring target for fiscal 2013 is 35,000 people and we are hopeful of meeting it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hydearabad", "code": "12681139", "title": "Jalayagnam: The mother of all frauds", "text": "HYDEARABAD: While the Comptroller of Auditor General (CAG) report has made scathing remarks on land allocation for the Jalayagnam, more skeletons are tumbling out. In what has turned out to be a scam of startling proportions, nearly half of the Rs. 71,292 crore spent on the ambitious irrigation scheme so far is estimated to have been swindled.Documents obtained under the Right to Information (RTI) Act show the irregularities that were committed range from violation of the common tender document to illegally made excessive payments for the works done and fraudulently claimed to have been done.The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) headed by TDP's Revury Prakash Reddy is slated to meet on April 17 to review the works done under Jalayagnam scheme and to discuss the irregularities pointed out by the CAG report, and the power corridors are already abuzz about its impending political fallout in a scenario in which many decisions of the YSR regime is under intense scrutiny.\"Jalayagnam is the mother of all frauds,\" said independent MLA Nagam Janardhan Reddy who headed the previous PAC that has already produced a detailed report on the scam. \"Jalayagnam is such a rare scam that more than the half of the money spent on its name has actually been siphoned off. The fraud committed on the state is of gigantic proportions not only in terms of the project size but also in terms of the irregularities committed,\" said Nagam. The report on the irregularities in Jalayagnam was submitted by the PAC headed by Nagam to Assembly speaker Nadendla Manohar last year, but is yet to be made public.The irregularities in Jalayagnam began at the stage of notification of the scheme in 2004 by the YSR government and calling for tenders for various irrigation projects under the scheme. As per GO MS No.94 that stipulates the rules for the execution of works and prescribes the standard schedule of rates (SSR) for the payments, a common tender document, which is the basis for the execution of works under the scheme, has to have been formed. Instead, the works were commissioned under the Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) method by which instead of unit-wise estimation, huge lump sum payments were made based on an approximation of the amount spent on components of the project.The major irregularity that occurred at the initial stage of Jalayagnam is the amount paid for the surveys that were conducted. As per the EPC itself, for the survey of the work, the amount to be paid should be not more than 0.5 per cent of the total cost of the work, but in almost all the cases, the amount paid for the survey was 6-8 times more than the prescribed limit. For example, a whopping Rs 958.86 crore or 3.5 per cent of the total cost, was paid for over 25 works of the Dr Ambedkar Pranahita-Chevella Sujala Sravanthi project.Similarly, over ten works under the Jyothi Rao Phule Dommugudem- Nagarjunasagar Sujala Sravanthi project received excess payment for the survey. For example, a Hyderabad-based M/S SEW-MEIL-ZVST AAG (JV) received Rs157 crore for the survey work that actually had a provision for only Rs 19 crore. Likewise, Meil-Maytas-AAG (JV) pocketed Rs 97 crore as against the provision of Rs 7.43 crore for another survey and Ramky-ZVS-Progressive was paid Rs 157 crore for a survey when the provision was for just Rs 11.43 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12685912", "title": "Munda meets officials ahead of NCTC talks", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda had a meeting with senior officers of the state home and police department here on Sunday to discuss the strategy on the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).The meeting has been convened by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi on Monday to get the feedback of the chief ministers on the formation of NCTC. A number of states, including Jharkhand , are opposed to NCTC in its present form as they claim it is against the federal structure of the country. Sources in the chief minister's secretariat said that Munda is opposing the setting up of the proposed anti-terror hub as it would infringe on the state's powers and hurt the country's federal structure. \"The officials were unanimous on the points of opposition raised by the chief minister in the present form as it gives sweeping powers to the investigating agency,\" said a source. However, no one was ready to disclose what exactly transpired in the meeting.The other chief ministers who have written to the PM and raised objections to NCTC are Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and his Odisha counterpart Naveen Patnayak.Gujarat CM Narendra Modi and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee had also raised objections. During his three-day visit to New Delhi, Munda will also take part in another meeting convened by the Prime Minister at his residence on Tuesday. That meeting on the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) will discuss the progress of cleaning river basins and minimizing pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneshwar/guwahati", "code": "12686904", "title": "Odisha Intelligence Bureau officer dies in Guwahati", "text": "BHUBANESHWAR/GUWAHATI: Additional director of Intelligence Bureau (IB) R N Behura (56), a native of Tulasipur in Cuttack district, passed away at 6am at the Guwahati Neurological Research Centre (GNRC) Hospital in Assam on Sunday. Behura was undergoing treatment after he suffered serious injuries in a road accident on April 9 at Sonapur area near Guwahati.Behura is survived by wife Ipsita Behura, a well known Odissi dancer, and son Richi, who is pursuing his postdoctoral studies in US.The body of the senior IB officer, which was scheduled to arrive at Biju Patnaik airport in Bhubaneswar on Sunday afternoon, could not be flown in \"due to bad weather.\" Sources said the body will come on Monday.Aviation sources said the special BSF flight carrying the body had to return to Guwahati from Bagdogra airport in northern West Bengal where it was supposed to refuel, as it could not land there due to inclement weather. It was too late to reschedule the flight again in the evening, the sources said.The relatives had anxious moments waiting for the Behura's body for over six hours at the airport before returning home realizing that it would not come on Sunday.Family sources said Behura's body will be kept in his in-laws' house at Jaydev Vihar till cremation tomorrow. \"His son is on his way back. The cremation will take place tomorrow after he arrives,\" said a relative.Behura's car had collided with a truck when he was on his way back to Guwahati from Numaligarh in Assam's Golaghat district. He was returning after inspecting a blaze at a refinery that occurred on April 7, which was claimed to be triggered by Ulfa militants.He was admitted to GNRC in a critical condition. Additional DGP of Assam, Pallab Bhattacharya, who was travelling with Behura in the same car, was also injured in the mishap. Bhattacharya is stated to be out of danger.GNRC medical director J P Sarma said Behura was suffering from multiple injuries and was critical ever since he was admitted. \"We put him on ventilation after his health deteriorated on April 12. He died of cardiac arrest due to septic shock on Sunday morning,\" said Sarma.Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi and DGP J N Chaudhury paid their homage to the deceased officer at the hospital. Gogoi expressed his condolence saying, \"He was one of the finest officers who served our state and country. It is a huge loss. He possessed a huge knowledge about the northeastern region.\"Later, Assam police, CRPF and army officials offered a guard of honour to Behura's body at IB's Sachal office.Behura was a 1979 batch IPS officer of the Manipur-Tripura cadre. He had served in Tripura in his initial years before he joined the Intelligence Bureau in 1985. He had received the President's Police Medal for distinguished service as the joint director of IB(New Delhi) in 2004. In 2005, he was empanelled as additional director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12687007", "title": "Cops to monitor matric Round II", "text": "CUTTACK: For the first time ever, district officials and police will be closely involved to ensure smooth conduct of the matriculation re-examination from April 17. The unprecedented security comes in the wake of the theft of question papers in March, leading to rescheduling of the examination.Smarting from the lapse, the Board of Secondary Education (BSE) has asked police to book students, invigilators or centre superintendents for using unfair means or aiding malpractice. \"We have asked the SPs to lodge FIR against those using or abetting cheating,\" said BSE president Satyakam Mishra. The initiatives will definitely help reduce malpractice to near zero level, he added.The district collectors and the SPs will form squads at their levels to carry out vigorous inspection of examination centres. These are over and above the BSE squads, the number of which was increased from 114 to 121 to keep vigil on the 2,095 examination centres across the state.After the question paper theft, the state government had directed the district administration to provide all kind of requisite help to the board to ensure that the matric re-exam is conducted in a smooth manner. \"Taking advantage of the direction, we have roped in the district administration and police for smooth conduct of the examination,\" the BSE president said.Strict guidelines have also been issued to the district administration to prohibit gathering of people within 100 metre of the centres at least two hours before the start of exam. \"Earlier also, we had requested all the district administration to follow the Odisha Conduct of Examination Act 1988. But the instructions were never implemented in letter and spirit. But after the state government advisory, we are hopeful that district administration will lend all kind of support to us,\" Mishra added.Meanwhile, to avoid a rerun of the question paper theft incident, the board has decided to store the question papers in safe custody at 230 nodal centres across the state. The nodal centres are being guarded by armed police personnel and the nodal officers. The question papers will be despatched from the nodal point to the examination centres a day before the exam with police escort.\"The questions papers will be sent to the examination centres on Monday with adequate police escort,\" said a board official. The government has also appointed 11 co-ordination officers to supervise the matriculation exam. The newly appointed 11 co-ordination officers will share the burden of the existing 19 circle inspectors in the state.Notably, the matriculation exam for regular students was cancelled abruptly on March 21, after question papers of seven subjects were allegedly stolen from Bhagabati Vidyapitha at Bajapur village in Puri district. The board has changed two examination centres for the rescheduled exam. The examinees allotted at the tainted Bhagabati Vidyapitha will now take the exam at Kakatapur Girls' High School. Similarly, the Manada Government High School in Mayurbhanj district, which was damaged in the recent Norwester, was taken out of the list of exam centres. Examinees of the centre were shifted to nearby Manada Girls' High School. At least 4.67 lakh regular students will appear the matriculation exam, which will conclude on April 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12682482", "title": "Striking medicos warned of punitive action", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kozhikode Medical College Hospital authorities said they will take stringent action against the medicos who have started a relay hunger strike from April 8.College principal C Ravindran said that he has received directions from the concerned authorities to take action against the striking medicos in case they go ahead with their indefinite hunger strike plan from April 18 onwards.The principal said the relay hunger strike has not so far affected the functioning of the hospital as the medicos have not boycotted the hospital duties completely.\"The government has directed to suspend the striking medicos from April 18 onwards and also directed to evict them from the hostel,\" said Ravindran, Medical college principal.Around 600 medicos, including the post graduate students and house surgeons, have been protesting under the banner of the Kerala Medico's Joint Action Council (MJAC).The strike is in protest against the government's decision to extend the rural service bond period from one year to three years from this year.Rizwan Ahmmed, vice president of the district committee of MJAC said the action committee will launch an indefinite hunger strike if the government fails to meet their demands. Rizwan said that they will not boycott duties at the emergency department, casualty and labour rooms in case they go for an indefinite strike in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681014", "title": "Accidents wait at Nandambakkam to happen", "text": "CHENNAI: Wide roads are not always a sign of development. With lack of planning, they can be disastrous, residents of Nandambakkam have learned the hard way.As cars, bikes and buses zip along the neatly laid four-lane Mount-Poonamallee Road, pedestrians call it the highway to death. The reason: A median break opposite the Nandambakkam police station, which serves as a crossing has become a dangerous spot in the absence of a signal, speed-breaker or a foot-overbridge.\"There is at least one accident every day and at least one person dies here every month,\" says R William, a resident of the nearby IDPL Colony. The break in the two-foot median serves as an important junction for residents of IDPL Colony and Ganapathy Colony to move across. \"To go anywhere in the city, we have to come on to the highways, and none of us feel safe crossing the road. It gets worse at night,\" said William.Kalai Appu, a resident of Ganapathy Colony, recalls the horror of losing his aunt at the spot a month and a half ago. \"At 6am, my aunt was trying to cross the road with two others. She misjudged the speed of an incoming car. While the other two were thrown off and hit the divider, my aunt got stuck between the wheels of the car and was dragged for about 25 metres,\" says Appu.He adds that his appeals to the police to either close the median or install a signal has got no response.The attitude of the local police has only further angered the residents. \"After a spate of accidents, a police tower was installed on the median but the policeman has never been there,\" says Appu. \"A couple of days after the accident, a few policemen stood there, but soon they disappeared. The lone policemen sometimes posted here can be spotted snoozing under a shade.\"Several residents said it was appalling to see so many accidents happening right outside a police station and no action being taken to prevent recurrence of mishaps. The traffic police say they are aware of the problem. \"We have sent a request for a traffic signal to the additional commissioner. It will be sanctioned soon. The ward councillor has also promised to use his funds for putting up the signal,\" said a police officer. Officials from the law and order wing say they have deputed men at the accident-prone spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12682108", "title": "Centre to tell states to check crimes against dalits", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is set to tell states that they are not doing enough to check crimes against dalits at a special meet called by the Union home ministry to underline the statistics that have triggered concern.Union home minister P Chidambaram will on Tuesday meet state home ministers and social justice ministers to flag rising crimes against SCs and STs. The issue has turned serious because the prosecution system in states remains weak despite stringent demands of the Prevention of Atrocities Act.Sources said social justice minister Mukul Wasnik and tribal affairs minister Kishore Chandra Deo would make presentations to exhort the states to address the concerns of socially vulnerable groups. The worry is evident from home ministry calling the meeting after requests from Wasnik, though social justice ministry meets state social welfare secretaries annually.The invite to the home ministers is significant as they are in charge of crime and prosecution while social welfare departments have limited mandate of welfare schemes and policies. Since chief ministers in most states hold the home portfolio, the expectations from the gathering are high.The statistics with the Centre underline the seriousness of the problem. Ten states led by Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh , Bihar and Madhya Pradesh account for 93% of the crimes against SCs, while MP, Rajasthan, Andhra, Chhattisgarh and Odisha are among the 10 states which alone witness 95% of anti-tribal atrocities.In contrast, the prosecution machinery is inadequate to deal with the magnitude of the problem. The conviction rate is as low as 32.5% while pendency of cases in 2008-10 stood at 80.6%.The states have been indifferent in taking the initiatives laid out by the atrocities law to help these vulnerable sections. Only three states have set up 'special police stations' for anti-SC/ST crimes, with Bihar having nine, Chhattisgarh 12 and MP 48. The states have been lax in identifying atrocity-prone areas, a measure suggested by the prevention law to help pre-empt crime against SCs and STs.Importantly, the atrocities law also provides for periodical review of performance of special public prosecutors and of prosecution of cases. Sources said few states follow up on this provision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "frankfurt", "code": "12685619", "title": "Infosys eyeing $500m acquisition in Europe", "text": "FRANKFURT: Infosys Ltd , which sits on the largest cash pile among India's computer-services providers, is prepared to spend as much as $500 million on a single European acquisition.Infosys may make another attempt to acquire a company of that size after it walked away from a plan to buy UK-based Axon Group Plc for 407 million pounds ($645 million) in 2008, said Chandrashekar Kakal, the company's global head of business IT services.\"We do have cash, but we are looking for a company which adds to our capability and becomes complementary to our growth rather than becoming a laggard,\" he said in an April 13 phone interview.Infosys's war chest of about $4 billion is more than twice the size that of bigger peer Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. Indian software companies, after a decade of growth fuelled by the outsourcing of jobs from the US, are turning to acquisitions to expand into Europe, currently the second-largest source of their revenues. Making purchases in Europe may help Bangalore-based Infosys achieve a target of getting 40 per cent of its sales from the region, up from about 22 per cent.In 2008, Infosys decided against further pursuing a plan to buy Axon after its bid was trumped by New Delhi-based HCL Technologies Ltd. In 2006, Infosys spent $115 million to purchase Citigroup Inc's stake in Progeon Ltd, a back-office service provider controlled by Infosys.Bidding competitionThe company may also make a number of smaller purchases worth about $30 million to $50 million each, Kakal said, adding that such companies would be easier to integrate. He declined to identify any potential targets or specify sectors where acquisitions may be made.Infosys, which designs and builds software programs and provides back-office support to clients including UK phone company BT Group Plc and oil company BP Plc, was founded by seven engineers in 1981 with $250 they borrowed from their wives.Kakal, who joined the company in 1999, oversees Infosys' development, maintenance, testing and infrastructure management services with about 60,000 employees, according to the company's website.While Forrester Research Inc forecasts that western and central Europe will have the world's slowest growth in technology spending in 2012, Infosys says that Indian outsourcing companies could benefit as businesses in Europe need to cut costs.European pushInfosys Chief Financial Officer V Balakrishnan said in a February 29 interview that opportunities for acquisitions are increasing because more European companies have \"broken\" cost structures. India's second-biggest software exporter is looking to buy companies that own intellectual property as well as niche consulting firms and corporations that will boost business in France and Germany, he said at the time.Companies and governments in France and Germany spent a combined $178 billion on information-technology goods and services last year, according to Forrester Research. Together, that made them the world's third-largest technology market.The Indian service provider has made inroads into the German market after switching from a sales approach that used almost exclusively English speakers to one that employs 20 percent local consultants, with offshore staff being limited to about 60 per cent, Franz-Josef Schuermann, who heads Infosys's operations in the country, said in the joint interview with Kakal. The company is currently benefitting from the growth of online retailing in the region, he said.Growth neededWorldwide spending on information-technology services will rise 1.3 per cent to $856 billion in 2012, slowing from a 6.5 per cent increase last year, according to an April 5 report by Stamford, Connecticut-based research firm Gartner Inc.Infosys also needs to boost growth after the company last week forecast sales that missed analysts' estimates.Sales in the year that began April 1 may be between 384.3 billion rupees ($7.5 billion) and 391.4 billion rupees, Infosys said in a statement April 13. Analysts expected revenue of 396.3 billion rupees for the period, the median of 64 estimates compiled by Bloomberg . The company also reported fourth-quarter sales that were lower than analysts predicted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681521", "title": "Age no bar: Elderly keep their tryst with democracy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hundred-year-old Puran Pratap Pandey kept his date with democracy, walked over a kilometre from his home and stood in the queue to cast his vote. And he put to shame lakhs of Delhiites who preferred to stay indoors than exercise their basic constitutional right.Pandey has never skipped his vote since he proudly strode into a polling booth in October 1951, when the first elections were held. A widower, he lost his only son, Captain Mohan Chandra Pandey in the 1999 Kargil war. \"I knew it would be difficult, but I was determined to vote,\" he said.Pandey may be the oldest Delhiite who exercised his franchise, but there were other senior citizens too who did not let age become a bar. Walled City resident M P Dhidwania, 96, has been exercising his right for over 70 years and his enthusiasm hasn't waned.Old and infirm, he tottered on the road to the polling booth, keeping alive the tradition of his family to vote in every election. Dhidwania's extended family has 55 members and they live in their 125-year-old ancestral home in the Walled City. \"My father woke up early, took his bath and went out to vote,\" said his daughter, Gayatri.At a polling booth in Bazaar Sitaram ward, Mohammad Ashfaq claimed to have cast his first vote in the first poll after independence. \"I feel happy to know that people are more aware of their right as citizens now.\"In Najafgarh, octogenarian Chandra Devi walked over a mile with a walking stick. \"It's a tradition I have followed for decades,'' she said after coming out of the booth. Then she quietly turned around and began trudging back to her Dharampura Colony home. Similarly, another senior citizen Kishori Lal said he did not want to waste his vote even though he had difficulty walking.Bhoda Devi, 75, rarely moves out of her home in Rithala village. But on polling day, she came out in a wheelchair as she did not want to miss the chance. There were no ramps in the booth for the disabled. But this didn't deter her. Bhoda Devi got up and dragged herself inside to cast her vote. Her nephew Sunil Kumar, said, \"Everybody votes in our village. It's our right.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683692", "title": "Silver-screen caution", "text": "Sharda Umanath, lead author and researcher, Duke University , US, tells Diptiman Dewan that movies may not always contain factually correct information and should be used with caution in the class.When the 3D version of the 1997 blockbuster Titanic was released in theatres recently, First Officer William Murdoch was shown shooting two men and committing suicide by gunshot. In reality, however, surviving crew members said Murdoch was last seen trying to launch lifeboats and is believed to have died in the water.\"Movies, especially historical movies, are often used in the classroom as a tool to illustrate a particular time period and help engage students in the material. However, these films often contain historical inaccuracies as the details and sometimes even major parts are changed in order to tell a more entertaining story. Prior work has shown that exposure to such inaccuracies does affect a student's memory for correct historical content . Students tend to pick up the erroneous information and reproduce it later,\" explains Sharda Umanath, lead researcher at Duke University, US.Umanath, Andrew Butler and Elizabeth Marsh, researchers at Duke conducted a study, 'Positive and negative effects of monitoring popular films for historical inaccuracies ,' which brought this to light.In two experiments, students were asked to study passages about several historical topics and watched clips from corresponding movies. Each film clip contained one major piece of information that was directly contradicted by the text (thus, a historical inaccuracy). Some students were asked to explicitly try to find the inaccuracies as they viewed the film clips. After a delay, they were then tested on the material that they read in the passages.It was found that students detected only 35% of the inaccuracies presented by the films. And those who were asked to detect the inaccuracies learned just as much incorrect information as students who were merely told to watch them.\"The key to reducing this problem is for educators to explicitly inform students about the errors in how a film portrays historical events so that they can learn historically accurate information. With such feedback, students quite rarely learned and reproduced erroneous content that they saw in the films,\" concludes Umanath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12685672", "title": "Serious internal security challenges remain: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has said that internal security remains a major challenge for the country and the Centre is ready to work with the states on the issue.Addressing a meeting of chief ministers here on internal security on Monday, Manmohan Singh said threats from terrorism and Left-wing extremism persist in the country.We have strengthened our intelligence gathering network but still have a long way to go in tackling Left-wing extremism.\"Today, terrorist groups are nimble, more lethal than ever and increasingly networked across frontiers,\" Mamonah Singh said. \"Like other internal security matters, we need joint and coordinated efforts to deal with the challenge of terrorism,\" the PM said.Manmohan Singh also lauded the role of states in maintaining peace.The internal security situation has remained by and large satisfactory since February 2011, he said.In Jammu and Kashmir , there has been perceptible improvement in security environment, the PM said.Earlier, home minister P Chidambaram during his address to the chief ministers stressed the need to counter terrorism by CPI Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12687062", "title": "Odisha CM in Delhi to attend security meet", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Sunday reached New Delhi to attend a meeting on internal security convened by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday.\"The Prime Minister, Dr Manmohan Singh, has called a meeting of all chief ministers regarding internal security in the country. I shall be attending that meeting,\" Naveen told mediapersons before leaving for the national capital. \"I will also be having meetings with central ministers regarding Odisha's development and welfare programmes and the state government's demands for Odisha,\" he added.Official sources said director general of police Manmohan Praharaj and home secretary U N Behera would form part of the Odisha team at the meeting. The agenda for the meeting includes discussion on Maoists, which raises the possibility of the ongoing hostage crisis in Odisha coming up for scrutiny, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12681934", "title": "Cyber crime case: Victim seeks help from top cop", "text": "GURGAON: Unhappy with the local police delaying the investigation of a cyber crime case lodged three and a half months back, a victim has sought the intervention of the Gurgaon police commissioner. The victim had received several anonymous threat calls last year and now he fears that delay in investigation would provide enough room for the mobile service providers to delete the call detail records (CDRs) since the operators have a mandate of keeping them for only 12 months.The victim, Shantanu Oberoi, has alleged against one of the renowned mobile service providers for allegedly erasing the CDRs and illegally removing his call divert facility. Now he says that the case is intentionally being delayed by police even after they have overwhelming evidence, video, witness and even confession of the mobile service provider only to ensure that the big fish are spared.Oberoi said that even after detailed evidence available with the city police from the time when the first incident was reported months ago, still no action has been taken to catch the accused.He has claimed that the staff with the major mobile service provider had confirmed that on a specific day and time in August 2011, the calls were made to Oberoi's number. But the same call doesn't reflect in the CRD provided by the service provider to the cyber crime cell of Gurgaon police. \"This points towards call data record deletion at the service provider's end by none other than its own employees,\" Oberoi said.The victim who had moved court to get the FIR registered against the suspects had also given the cyber crime cell all details of the accused and how they could have executed the crime against him. He had also alleged that the accused were working in different organizations including a BPO and another mobile service provider.Oberoi has alleged that the investigating officer in this case has been changed every 1-2 months. \"In last months, four investigation officers have been changed and nothing concrete has come out, as every investigation officer asked for time so that he understands the case. As he understands the case he is posted out or shifted to new department,\" he said.After Oberoi had struggled to lodge an FIR he had moved a local court to seek directive for the police to register the FIR. Finally, on court orders, the cops registered an FIR against his wife, Anuradha, parents-in-law Gyanendra Pethia and Vijaya Pethia (both Bhopal-based), sister-in-law Paridhi Tripathi and her husband Pushpendra Tripathi (both Bangalore-based), besides four others and some unknown persons.The FIR accused the people named of rioting, unlawful assembly, destruction of evidence, destruction of evidence in the form of electronic record, forgery, criminal conspiracy and threat to kill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683626", "title": "Delhi University student helplines", "text": "With Delhi University's new academic session about to begin, the helplines at the University Information Centre (UIC) have not stopped ringing since it was officially launched on March 3.The centre is abuzz with calls from across the country and abroad with queries. The most common queries include admissions criteria for various colleges, entrance tests and the likely cut-offs .The centre, manned by a five-member team, is responsible for answering calls and responding to queries on email . According to the team, the centre receives around 500-600 calls and 70-100 e-mails every day. Students who have just taken their class XII board exams call to enquire about various courses and the best colleges offering them.According to Satish Kumar , deputy dean in-charge of UIC, the centre is functioning as a guide to parents and students who want to be part of the university. The centre makes it a point to answer all queries the same day.\"We get a maximum number of calls from parents of students appearing for class XII boards from across the states. They have little knowledge about the university system and are hassled about the probable cut-offs .\"He adds, \"A number of students who wish to change their subject from what they had been studying in school, call to find out if it is possible. Also, we receive frequent calls from students wanting to know the schedule of entrance tests for various courses.\"Apart from admissions, students from the School of Open Learning (SOL) have been making repeated queries about their exam results. Also, as per Kumar, there was not enough information available about the postgraduate courses run by the university. Now we receive a number of calls, mostly from other states, on the PG courses and eligibility criteria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681674", "title": "RTE may spell end for colony schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: If Right To Education norms are earnestly implemented, the regulations can place privately run neighbourhood schools, currently filling a crucial gap between government-run facilities and elite private schools, at the mercy of an inspector raj.Provisions of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act are fairly draconian in derecognizing schools that fail to fulfill conditions such teacher-student ratios and physical infrastructure within a three-year period since the enactment of the law that will end in March 2013.With recent reports like the RTE Forum's study pointing out that barely 5% of government schools meet the Act's norms for facilities like playground space, toilets and laboratories, the neighbourhood school is not likely to fare much better although it meets a felt need, albeit imperfectly.The Act's intent to set out minimum norms and make running of schools less exploitative - capitation fees and underpaid staff are common - is seen as laudable but in the absence of a reliable oversight mechanism and a lack of planned development in most cities, the regulations can throttle private enterprise.Section 19 of the Act clearly states that recognition to schools will be withdrawn where a school fails to adhere to the norms and standards and any one who violates this stipulation can face a fine of Rs 1 lakh. New schools must meet the norms.It has been left to the local authority to provide free and compulsory education as well as ensure availability of neighbourhood schools. The local authority is to also track compliance by ensuring children from weaker sections are not discriminated against and in general \"monitor functioning of schools in its jurisdiction\".The rapid growth of private schools has been driven by a hunger for education, particularly in English, with the Annual Status of Education Report pointing out that nearly 50% of rural children pay for their education in private schools or to a private tutor. The figure is higher for cities.In north India, the levels of private enrollment are around 30% and rising while the percentage for northeast is 40%. In states like Bihar and Orissa, where there is a larger deficit in private schools, students opt for additional private tuitions. It has even been seen that children enroll in government school for exams but actually attend private tuitions, only visiting schools for midday meals.Despite hefty increases in government spending on education, parents are \"voting with the feet,\" noted Pratham, pointing to the trend of private schools finding favour with nearly all social classes.The norms set out by RTE, the RTE Forum pointed out, included a separate toilet each for girls and boys, a playground and a library for every school with sufficient reading material, electrification of the school building, ramp access for disabled students, and computers.On the whole, Indian schools, with government running close to 80% of them, woefully lack facilities. One in 10 schools are deficient in drinking water facilities, 40% do not have a functional common toilet while another 40% lack a separate toilet for girls.Some 60% of schools are not electrified and few have computers. Close to half have student ratios higher than the norms prescribed by the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12689375", "title": "Is '3' a hit or a flop?", "text": "One big question that is occupying the minds of movie buffs is whether 3 is a hit or flop.The film released amidst huge expectations recently but the outcome is not very clear. While the first weekend collections were up due to the advance bookings the collection slipped right after that say sources.When Dhanush was asked about this, he did not want to answer if the film was a hit or flop. The National award winner, however, said that all those who had bought the film's distribution rights are a happy lot.3 starred Dhanush and Shruti in the lead roles with music by newbie Anirudh.Source: www.cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681799", "title": "India lost 337 tigers in last decade, reveals RTI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 300 tigers lost their lives in and outside various reserves in the country in the last decade, an RTI query has revealed.Out of a total of 337 big cats, which died due to poaching, infighting, accidents and old age among others, a highest of 58 were found dead in 2009, followed by 56 in 2011, 36 in 2008 and 28 each in 2007 and 2002, the RTI reply said.A total of 17 tigers, including cubs, were found dead in 2005, 16 each in 2003 and between January and March this year, and 14 in 2006, the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) said in reply to the RTI query.According to the data, as many as 68 tigers were victims of poaching during the period. Besides, others had died of natural causes including old age, starvation, road and rail accidents, electrocution and weakness. Interestingly, there were about a dozen incidents in which the cause of tiger deaths \"could not be ascertained\".A highest of 14 tigers were poached in 2010, 13 in 2009, 11 in 2011, nine in 2002, six each in 2007 and 2008, five in 2006, three in January and March this year and one in 2004. Surprisingly, postmortem reports in two tiger deaths reported in 2003 were still awaited, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12682518", "title": "Underage school boys turned away from recruitment centre", "text": "TRICHY: Unemployment has forced boys in and around Trichy, who have not yet completed even secondary schooling to apply for the post of home guard. However, on Sunday, they were chased away by the police with the advice that they should concentrate on their studies. The state government's hiking the daily call out wage from Rs 65 to Rs 150 a day has enticed poor boys to avail themselves of the employment opportunity, although one generally gets a maximum of 15 call outs in a month.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic and crime) Ramaiyyan who launched the direct recruitment of home guards at the KK Nagar Arms Division of the city police on Saturday, told TOI that he had a hard time explaining to the eager school boys to carry on with their studies as joining the home guards at this juncture would affect their studies. The minimum qualification to join the auxiliary force that would evenly assist the law and order, crime and traffic departments is a 9th pass. Alternatively, one should be in 10th class, and should be of a minimum height of 165 cm. Candidates should not have any political affiliation, and will be paid Rs 150 per call out.Dispelling rumours that being a home guard would help a candidate gain points in the selection for the police force, Ramaiyyan said those within city limits would be given preference, while those from the rural belt would have to travel extensively, and that would be tiring. There are already 320 home guards with the city police, and the government has sanctioned 110 posts in the current budget. The same number of posts has also been allocated for the rural police too. Ramaiyyan said as many as 271 candidates had reported for the direct interview, and the final list would be out after crosschecking through the local police stations whether or not any of the candidates had any political or ideological affiliation in the past. A large number of girls had also come, but none of them were selected this time.The Trichy Home Guards has 320 personnel, including women. There are around general 40 chronic absentees at any given time. Selected candidates will undergo basic training for 35 days before being given five call outs each to traffic, law and order, and crime in a month, Ramaiyyan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683618", "title": "Cost of Illiteracy", "text": "About 800 million people across the world lack the basic reading and writing skills needed to accomplish simple tasks such as reading a medicine label or filling out a job application , costing the global economy more than $1.19 trillion a year, according to a new report, 'Economic and Social Cost of Illiteracy' released at the World Literacy Summit at Oxford in association with Pearson. The summit aimed to put in place a sustainable action plan to deal with the problem of illiteracy.The report looks at the cost of illiteracy in emerging and developing countries, as well as the cost of functional illiteracy in the developed world. It reveals that globally, over one in five people can't read or write, and more than 100 million children don't go to school each day. The report explores both the economic and the social costs of illiteracy.Andrew Kay, author of the report and CEO, World Literacy Trust, said, \"No matter whether you live in the developed or developing world, poor illiteracy is ruining lives and is linked with an array of poor life outcomes, such as poverty, unemployment, social exclusion, crime and longterm illness.\"Impact Of IlliteracyHealth: The report says that illiteracy significantly limits a person's ability to access, understand and apply health-related information and messages. This results in poor household and personal health, hygiene and nutrition. Illiteracy increases the likelihood of high-risk sexual behaviour for the lack of awareness and inadequate or no use of contraception. One study showed illiterate women are three times more likely than literate ones to know that a person in seemingly good health can be infected with HIV.Crime: In various countries around the world, studies show that a majority of prison inmates have poor literacy skills. Also, up to 85% juvenile delinquents are functionally illiterate.Welfare: Illiterate people are more likely to be on unemployment benefits having dropped out of school or being unable to find work. High school dropouts are more than three times likely to receive welfare than high school graduates. Low earning potential due to illiteracy also makes a higher number of welfare dependents, which puts a heavy burden on the social security system of any nation.Literacy And PovertyEducation has been cited as the best means of overcoming poverty caused by illiteracy. This needs a two-pronged approach , according to the report - encouraging families to place a higher value on education and getting illiterate adults into literacy programmes.As established by the report, illiteracy cost in India is US$ 53.56 billion, second only to China in the list of emerging countries . The Chinese economy is suffering the worst at the hands of illiteracy with the total cost pegged at US$ 135.60 billion. The cost of illiteracy to the global economy is estimated at US$ 1.19 trillion 800 million people across the world lack the basic reading and writing skills Illiterate people earn 30% - 42% less than their literate counterparts Globally over 100 million children don't go to school each day", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "balasore (odisha)", "code": "12686717", "title": "Agni-V missile test likely this Wednesday", "text": "BALASORE (ODISHA): Range preparation for the maiden test of India's indigenously developed nuclear capable 'Agni-V' ballistic missile with a strike range of over 5,000 km is \"near complete\" and the trial is likely to be held from Wheeler Island off Odisha coast this Wednesday.\"If everything goes as per schedule, the trial is likely to be taken up on Wednesday from the launch pad-4 of the Integrated Test Range (ITR),\" a senior ITR scientist said.The three stage solid fuelled missile would be put into test for the first time with some advance and indigenous technology with the support of a canisterised mobile launcher, said the scientist, adding that \"networking and health parameters of both main and sub-systems have been validated during pre-test check-up\".\"For tracking and monitoring the pre-determined trajectory of the missile, sophisticated radars as well as telemetry stations positioned in different locations have been linked up,\" the scientist said.As it is a development trial, due attention has been given to the health parameters of this long range missile and some critical technologies have been incorporated, another scientist said, adding that there are two new composite motors to propel the missile to distances bordering ICBM capabilities.All data about performance are to be thoroughly analysed and assessment has to be made for its next trial accordingly, he said.If the trial is successful, it will club India into a select band of countries in the world to possess the technology for Inter-Continental Ballistic Missiles (ICBM).The surface-to-surface missile Agni-V which can carry a pay-load of 1 tonne is 17 m long, 2 m wide and weighs 50 tonnes.Scientists associated with Agni-V project are quite optimistic about its performances, as the first trial of Agni-IV on November 15 last year was highly satisfactory in terms of its 'control and guidance' system.The 5000 km range Agni-V missile would add another feather to such class of missiles that India possesses at present. The Agni-I has 700 km, Agni-2 (2,000 km), Agni-III and IV (3,000 plus km) range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683565", "title": "Happening desi dogs sizzle the ramp in style", "text": "BANGALORE When Veeru trotted the ramp on three legs, participants and spectators exploded into applause . He was brought to Bangalore by the Blue Cross team from Chennai, especially to participate in The Great Indian Dog Show on Sunday.\"Veeru's mother had died and soon after, he and his brother were run over by a vehicle. While his brother didn't survive the accident, Veeru did, but lost a leg. He is a token of happiness for us. We don't own him; he owns all of us. We are now trying to find Veeru a forever home,\" said Priya, a Blue Cross member.In an initiative to conjure acceptance of Indian native dogs, and to further adopt them into our homes, the Sarvodaya Sevabhavi Samstha organized The Great Indian Dog Show at the Government Veterinary Hospital campus. Over 60 dogs walked the ramp - almost all of them sprightly and healthy, but a few like Veeru and Manu too, who have been maimed for life.Manu, a well-built fair-haired Indian native, seemed healthy to the onlooker, until he lost balance on the ramp. He had been misplaced after sterilization. Once a dog is left in a different location after the procedure, he tends to become disoriented. For Manu, the displacement caused him loss of vision. Levin, a Sarvodaya volunteer brought Manu home to their foster care. There was an appeal to donate for his upkeep, or for volunteers to simply go spend time with him. While hearts went out for Manu, laughter filled the Sunday evening as Clap came riding on his master Ankush Sharma's bike and Sam walked the ramp with his five-year-old master Vishnu.Indian strays are so cute, pointed out Sandalwood actor Navarasa Nayaka Jaggesh, the chief guest of the event. \"I am angry with the Corporation for putting out notices to kill all strays because of a few untoward incidents caused by some of these violent animals. In Malleswaram, where I live, there are about 15 stray dogs on our street. They all hide in the gutters by day. By night they are out, we feed them and as a result we have absolutely no fear of robbers!\" Jaggesh, in fact, saluted the Sarvodaya initiative to protect native dogs. \"We have foreign breeds walking the ramp all the time. This programme exclusively for street dogs makes me very happy. In fact, why blame the government? Give a stray dog half a cup of milk and one spoon of rice and he becomes your loyal friend for life!\"So Bubble, Laila, Spike, Muffin, Tyra, Chinamma and Snowy went on to sizzle the ramp. And owners like Anna made funny revelations about their pets. \"My dog Tara's favourite place to sleep is between me and my husband, so family planning comes cheap,\" smiled Anna.While the canines had their day of glory, dog lovers redeemed their love for these loyal creatures, and others went home planning to adopt an Indian native.In fact Parimala, Jaggesh's wife summed up the sentiment just right: \"Success for some comes by earning fame and for a large number of others from realizing love. What they need to understand is that the greatest love of all comes from your dog - loyal and unconditional like no other. For Jaggesh and I, our dogs Arjun and Suraj are akin to our sons!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12686849", "title": "Centre ready to work with states to firmly tackle terror: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reaching out to the states complaining over NCTC, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday favoured joint and coordinated efforts to deal with challenges of terrorism whatever its origin, whether internal or external.\"There is no question that the burden of the fight against terrorism falls largely on the states' machinery. The Centre is ready to work with the states to put in place strong and effective institutional mechanisms to tackle this problem,\" he said.The Prime Minister, who inaugurated the annual conference of Chief Ministers on internal security, did not dwell on the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre, saying it will be discussed on May 5 in a separate meeting as suggested by some chief ministers.Non-Congress chief ministers as also UPA ally Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee have raised objections to the provisions in the NCTC, contending that it will upset the federal structure and encroach on the powers of the states.The Prime Minister warned that threats from terrorism, left wing extremism, religious fundamentalism and ethnic violence persist in the country. \"These challenges demand constant vigilance on our part. They need to be tackled firmly but with sensitivity. The forces behind them must not only be contained but should also be effectively rolled back,\" he said.\"Like other internal security matters, we need joint and coordinated efforts to deal with the challenge of terrorism, whatever be its origin, whether internal or external, and whatever its motivation,\" Singh said.Seeking a \"holistic\" approach in tackling the problem, he said, \"This is a struggle in which we cannot relax. When we see turbulence in the region and growing factors of instability around us, we must strengthen our defences against terrorism.\" Singh said \"today, terrorist groups are nimble, more lethal than ever and increasingly networked across frontiers.\"\"But I am sure all of us would agree that much more is required of us. Serious internal security challenges remain. Threats from terrorism, left wing extremism, religious fundamentalism, and ethnic violence persist in our country,\" he told the conference being attended among others by Narendra Modi, Jayalalithaa, Nitish Kumar and Naveen Patnaik.Banerjee had deputed her finance minister Amit Mitra for the meet. Terming the task of dealing with the security challenges as a \"complex and onerous\", Singh said it is an endeavour that requires the united effort of everyone.\"Internal security is a matter in which the States and the Centre must work together, hand in hand, and in harmony,\" he said.Talking about Jammu and Kashmir, he said there has been a perceptible improvement in the security and law and order situation.\"As a result, the state witnessed the highest inflow of tourists and pilgrims during 2011. The Panchayat elections were successful and were more proof of the people's desire to be able to lead normal lives free from the shadow of violence and terrorism,\" the PM said.On left wing extremism, he said 2011 was better as compared to 2010 in terms of the number of deaths caused by Naxal violence. \"But we still have a long way to go, both in terms of including people in the affected areas in our growing economy and society, and in terms of providing them with adequate account of security,\" he said.The so called \"protracted people's war\" waged by left wing extremists against the state and society continues to target civilians and security forces, and economic infrastructure such as railways, mobile communications and power networks. In the recent past, naxalites have also resorted to abducting foreign nationals, he said in an apparent reference to Italian hostage crises in Odisha which was recently resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12682213", "title": "Dudu threatened by police, finds CBI", "text": "PANAJI: Several policemen visited and threatened Israeli national David Driham, alias Dudu while he was lodged in Panaji lock-up after his arrest. This was discovered by central bureau of investigation (CBI) that is investigating Goa police's anti narcotic cell (ANC) officials' involvement in falsely implicating Dudu in a fake drug case. No inquiry was ordered into this by Goa police.A diary entry dated February 25, 2010 by PSI Sunil Gudlar, who had arrested Dudu two days earlier from Anjuna for possessing drugs worth 3.81 lakh states, \"The accused informed the undersigned that several policemen visited him late night in the Panaji lock-up and threatened him with dire consequences if he revealed their names. Thereafter, with permission of superiors he was kept in the office of DySP, ANC, along with two constables as guards so as to keep him away from any influence.\"Gudlar has since been arrested and booked by CBI for violations under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substance (NDPS) Act and Section 211 of IPC.The entry was made on the day Dudu was shifted from Panaji police lock-up to an AC room in the ANC. A guard on duty at the lock-up found that Dudu was provided with a blanket and pillow in the cell and informed the Panaji PI, who made a station diary entry regarding this and also added that the same was provided by a PSI at the ANC. A senior official of the Goa police said, \"No report was sent to us by ANC. Only recently we heard of the case diary entry.\" When TOI contacted present ANC SP Vaman Tari on the issue, he said, \"No comments.\"CBI investigations have revealed that the case was \"fabricated\" by ANC and favours were provided to Dudu while in custody. Dudu's girlfriend has claimed to CBI that her boyfriend had received special treatment while being held in ANC custody. Dudu has also provided video recordings of this to CBI that is investigating the police-drug mafia nexus. One video recording shows Dudu, in ANC custody, watching a movie on his laptop in the \"cell\" with his girlfriend.\"He is then seen smoking charas, which he alleged was provided by a constable in the ANC. In the same video clipping, Dudu is seen speaking to someone over a cellphone while drinking something in a coffee mug. Then the couple is seen in a compromising position in the room,\" sources said. Dudu has also provided hotel bills of food purchased for him from well-known hotels in Panaji while in custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12682339", "title": "Accident victim's eyes found missing", "text": "LUCKNOW: Allegations that eyes of a road mishap victim were removed before autopsy in Etah district on Sunday has triggered panic among the authorities. Though the chief medical officer ( CMO) has ordered a probe into the incident by a panel of three doctors led by an eye surgeon, the possibility of such an incident to have taken place has sent shivers down the spine of the common man.Reports said a teenage boy Deepak was critically wounded in a road mishap and admitted to a private hospital from where he was referred to the Etah district hospital where he died on Saturday evening. His body was shifted to the hospital morgue shortly thereafter. Family members of the deceased alleged that after Deepak died, the doctors on duty started insisting that they must go back home and return the next morning as the autopsy would start sometime after 10:30 am.The unsuspecting family members left because the weather conditions by then had also started deteriorating as a severe storm followed by thunder and lighting coupled with rain lashed the region. On Sunday morning, the family was yet to reach the morgue when one of them reportedly got a phone call informing them that Deepak's eyes had been removed from the body soon after his death.Infuriated over the alleged criminal act, the family members rushed to the morgue and discovered that the eyes of the deceased were actually missing . The family members then created a ruckus holding the doctors back from conducting the autopsy till senior administrative and police officials reached the site to pacify the agitated family.The situation was resolved after the authorities ordered a probe into the entire incident. However, things started taking an unexpected turn when one of the doctors at the hospital suggested possibilities of the eyes to have been removed during the course of treatment of the mishap victim after being damaged in the mishap. This left the family agitated once again as they accused the doctor of trying to justify the act.After the panel of doctors examined the dead body minutely, the post-mortem of the body was performed and handed over to the kin. The panel report is likely to be submitted to the CM Etah on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681763", "title": "Forestry scam: MoEF seeks CBI probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union environment and forests ministry (MoEF) has taken a position countering the Union government's department of personnel and training (DoPT) and stuck to its demand for a CBI inquiry in the forestry scam cases in Haryana.In a letter written to the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC), the environment ministry has reiterated its view that severe violations of forests and wildlife laws were committed in the three cases - digging a canal inside the Saraswati Wildlife Sanctuary in violation of wildlife laws and Supreme Court orders in Kurukshtera; illegal spending of public funds on private property in Fatehabad; and misappropriation of funds for plantations in Jhajjar in Haryana which involved senior IAS and IFoS officials and politicians in the state. The ministry has stuck to its guns that the cases must be investigated and not dropped.All these cases came to light when a forest officer in Haryana, Sanjiv Chaturvedi, brought it to the Centre's notice. The Centre revoked the false chargesheets imposed by the state government against Chaturvedi and based on a two-member committee report and recommendations by the CBI and the CVC, pushed for investigations into the scam by the central probe agency. The CVC had recommended protection for Chaturvedi and along with the CBI recommended that the cases were fit for investigations.But when the environment ministry asked the Haryana government to institute a CBI inquiry into the cases as per the CVC's recommendations, the state got back by disclosing a confidential note of the DoPT written to the PMO and accessed through RTI stating that the committee's report had been ultra vires and the Centre did not have the powers to intervene in what it considered was the jurisdiction of the state government. The DoPT note, written after a CBI inquiry was demanded, did not ask for such a demand to be withdrawn by the Centre and suggested status quo until the environment ministry or the Haryana government approached it for further action.Now, the environment ministry has filed a status report to the CVC and countered the defence put up by the Haryana government using the DoPT note. The environment ministry has said the violations are criminal offences under the central wildlife and forests laws. Forestry and wildlife falls under the Concurrent List. It has also noted that the case pertains to misuse of central government funds and therefore it holds the right to prosecute and move against the accused.While the two ministries have now locked horns, the Haryana government has refused to do more than carry out departmental inquiries in limited cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681303", "title": "Bombay high court orders Mhada to identify illegal transit tenement occupiers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court ordered Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) to find out how many people are staying illegally in its transit tenements.Justice Amjad Sayed heard seven petitions filed by occupants of a transit camp at PMGP Colony in Mankhurd, challenging their eviction orders. The joint chief officer (JCO) held that only a bona fide occupant of a cessed building is entitled to stay in transit accommodation.Petitioners produced affidavits by tenants of cessed buildings who allegedly transferred rights in the petitioners' favour. Justice Sayed said even if the documents are genuine, they could not explain how the documents could create any right in their favour in cessed buildings.Mhada's advocate Vaibhav Parshurami submitted there are over 22,000 tenements in Mumbai and it is difficult for Mhada to keep a check on unauthorized occupants. Justice Sayed said this was unacceptable, when Mhada employees are collecting rent from the occupants. The judge directed Mhada's vice-president and chief executive officer to submit a comprehensive report within three months on this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "12695862", "title": "Seniority disputes hit Magadh University teaching", "text": "GAYA: In the absence of an acceptable gradation list of Magadh University (MU) teachers, seniority disputes plague several departments and faculties and in some cases, the disputes have either gone to court or the chancellor in his appellate capacity in accordance with the provisions of Bihar Universities Act, 1976.There are more than 1,500 teachers working in the 24 post-graduate departments located at the university headquarters and 44 constituent colleges including eight colleges made constituent during the fourth phase of conversion. Majority of the 1,500 teachers occupy the middle position of associate professors earlier known as readers.As there is no separate cadre of PG teachers, the seniority is open to challenge from teachers working in the constituent colleges. All the teachers belong to the Magadh University service and the positions filled up through seniority are open to all teachers whether working in the PG departments or constituent colleges.The seniority disputes are more acute in departments like geography, Hindi, commerce, botany and zoology. On account of the seniority dispute between Kusum Kumari of the PG department of philosophy and Bansidhar Lal of the PG department of Hindi, no decision has been taken in respect of the dean, faculty of humanities and C P Singh, the outgoing dean, faculty of humanities continues to hold the post as the notification of his successor has not been issued. Both Kusum kumari and Bansidhar Lal claim to be senior to each other.Conceding that seniority disputes have created somewhat serious complications in different departments and adversely affected academic activities, MU officiating VC Arun Kumar said that publication of the final gradation list to settle the disputes once for ever was simply not possible at this stage as the matter was pending before the Supreme Court and as such, only stop gap arrangements are being made in different departments to fill vacancies caused by retirement/tenure expiry/death of position holders.On account of the varied nature of appointments including temporary appointments and subsequent absorption and other complicated issues, determination of seniority was an extremely complicated affair, said the officiating VC. Seniority disputes also cause avoidable litigation, conceded Kumar.The officiating VC denied stories doing the rounds that in one of the departments, that headship was grabbed by one of the claimants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12687022", "title": "Steel giant to invest 10,000 crore in capital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Mideast Integrated Steel Ltd (Mesco) will invest another Rs 10,000 crore to scale up its Odisha operations, a top company official said here recently.Talking to reporters here after the company's board meeting, Mesco managing director Rita Singh said the company would raise the 1.2 million tonne pig iron capacity to 3 million tonne of steel, mostly structural steel. The company hopes to accomplish the task in three years. MISL has invested about Rs 2,500 crores in its steel plant and mines. \"In this brown field project, MISL will invest further Rs 10,000 crores to take this 1.2 mt capacity of pig iron to 3 mt of steel, mostly long products (construction steel), Singh said.The MD said Meso would complete the exercise of demating of shares by June. Very shortly, the company shares will be quoted in Bhubaneswar Stock-Exchange (BSE) to start with for which all other formalities have been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682599", "title": "Gursharan Singh Maha Utsav", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Play \"Aatma Vikaoo Hai\" and \"Sawer Di Lo\" was staged at Punjab Kala Bhawan in Sector 16 on Sunday. The plays were staged as a part of Gursharan Singh Maha Utsav organized by Adakar Manch, Mohali.The play \"Aatma Vikaoo Hai\" was a social satire written by Gursharan Singh and directed by Harman Pal Singh. It depicted the hollowness of conscious of the people and shows how evil take advantage of the helplessness of people to entice them to sell their souls and conscious. It also depicts how the powerful enslave poor through evil entices. The play Sawer Di Lo was based on a story by S Baldev Singh and was directed by Vinod Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12682285", "title": "Shade net brings sunshine in farmers' life", "text": "NAGPUR: When 37-year-old Namdeo Falke, a progressive farmer from Dhagadgaon in Samudrapur tehsil in Wardha district, first erected a shade net on his two acre land to grow cucumber, his fellow farmers thought that he was crazy.Two years later, all roads for farmers in the district seem to lead to Falke's farm. He has silenced sceptics by earning over three times the loan amount of Rs 6.5 lakh and repaying entire loan to Bank of India, the lead bank in agriculture credit for the district. He also emerged as a friend, philosopher and guide for all others wanting to switch to alternative cash crops through hi-tech agriculture in district. His shade net is still the largest in Vidarbha and now has excellent brinjal plantation.Falke has not left conventional agriculture entirely and continues to grow cotton, soyabean, tur too. He has earned Rs 20 lakh from just cucumber and bitter gourd (karela) in one year. He has been growing bitter gourd on a three acre field scientifically. Falke claims no farmer in Maharashtra has grown bitter gourds on three acres and that too in open. He even exported the crop to Dubai last year. \"I stopped it for two reasons. One that we have enough demand in country and secondly, I do not have an export licence. I do not want to sell through middlemen,\" he said.His success can be attributed to many factors. His family has ample land (40 acres), he has an appetite for risk and works hard, two attributes others lack. \"I have no hesitation in saying agriculture is the biggest and the most successful business, provided the farmer has the will. Even small farmers can create wonders if they are determined. I am not denying bank's contribution in the change. But what could the bank do if farmers do not utilize the money in right manner and for right purpose?\" he asked.Falke's motivation can be traced to his first visit to Mangrulper and Abhaykheda villages in Washim district six years ago. \"I wanted to replicate what I saw. After my success now, BOI has started promoting shade-net here,\" he added. He takes pride in the fact that he belongs to a family of educated farmers. \"My father Ramkrishna, who is now 60, decided to go into agriculture even after passing matriculation with 90%. All my brothers and me have basic education (XII) but we are all into agriculture,\" he said.The entrepreneur in Falke helped him develop agriculture as a complete business. He has all modern equipment like tractors and a small truck to transport the produce. He even acts as a dealer for a private drip irrigation company. Yet, he has his feet firmly planted on the ground. He helps farmers in preparing proposals and choosing the crops.Falke is also critical of certain government policies. He feels that the government is making farmers idle by giving them free ration. \"Who would work if they get food for free? In my family, everyone contributes equally to agriculture including women even though they can afford to stay at home,\" he said. The followers of Falke are spread in Selu, Hinghanghat and Samudrapur tehsils who own either shade-net or polyhouse or both. They include Ramesh Umathe of village Morchapur, Sanjay Auchat of Wahitpur, Vikrant Bijwar of Hamdapur, Gopalrao Wangal of Barbadi, Gajanan Chafle of Waigaon (Haldya). Except for Auchat, all others are growing capsicum and cucumber. Bijwar is trying mulching method and bed cultivation for watermelon first in the open and plans to convert it into a shade-net later.Bank of India, facilitating a revolutionNagpur: While a majority of nationalized and cooperative banks continue to shy away from giving agriculture loan, Bank of India (BoI), the lead bank for agriculture credit in Wardha district, has laid the foundation for a positive change. The winds of change have begun to blow in the last one and half years. The initiative has already changed the lives of over 70-80 farmers who went for hi-tech agriculture with the bank's help.The agriculture finance officer (AFO) in the central processing centre (CPC) at Wardha Nishikant Ghaisas told TOI that the bank financed 12 polyhouses and 48 shade nets and brought 1,500 acres of land under drip irrigation in 2011-12.M B Mashankar, lead district manager of BoI, said that the bank had crossed its Rs 126.26 crore agriculture loan target and released as much as Rs 149.57 crore. The target amount included Rs 97.59 crore crop loan and Rs 28.69 crore term loan. Bank exceeded the crop loan target by disbursing Rs 121.69 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686798", "title": "Poonam Pandey a threat to Sunny Leone?", "text": "Porn star Sunny Leone might be ruffling a few feathers with her act in upcoming film 'Jism 2', but it seems stripping queen Poonam Pandey is all set to give her a competition. Sunny might be the lead lady in an erotic thriller, but Poonam would be working in the boldest film ever.The stripping queen, who has been away from social networking site for sometime, is gearing up for a bold avatar in her Bollywood debut. Talking to a daily, Vipin Medhekar, her business strategist, confirmed \"it will be the boldest film that the Indian audience has ever experienced and the first look will be out by the end of April or the first week of May\".It seems Poonam's video have done wonders for her as the makers have found potential in her through her seductive videos. \"We have signed Poonam and we will be making an announcement by the end of the month. Poonam was our first preference as she has a lot of potential and will make a lovely actor,\"\" Aditya Bhatia, head of marketing of the production house.Well, it would be interesting to see the first look of the film and to know if Poonam is really a threat to Sunny or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686659", "title": "SAC Vasanth plans to do more laser-beam shows", "text": "The man retains his humility despite having achieved star status as a magician, having his own shows on 'India's Magic Star' on Star One and 'Comedy Circus Ka Jadoo' on Sony TV most recently.\"Despite having become a recognizable face in the country now, I still cherish the simple pleasures of life, like going to the Idli Kadai and gorging on bhelpuri at the roadside stall,\" Vasanth says.Having performed an eye-catching laser bending act at the recent TEDx event held at Hotel Taj-Vivanta in the city recently, he says that he wants to bring more such performances to the city.\"I recently performed a grand act in Mumbai for the Audi car launch, where I made a car appear out of nowhere and levitate for three seconds. There was a lot of curiosity from the audience when I performed the laser bending act the TEDx event, and I plan to do more such shows in the city in the coming days,\" the illusionist says excitedly.While of the opinion that magic is becoming a weak and dying art in the country, he rues the fact that there is a dearth of quality magicians today.\"The great P C Sorcar has been the only quality magician that our country has produced over the years. Magic is a dying art, and it took us over a year to get ten good magicians for India's Magic Star programme. More youngsters must look take to magic as a passion, and not as a profession,\" he cautions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12687966", "title": "MP BJP plans stir against Congress's 'insult' to Narmada river", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Bharatiya Janata Party on Monday sought to kick up an emotive issue, demanding a public apology from the opposition Congress over its Member of Parliament Sajjan Singh Verma's reported derogatory remarks about \"Ma Narmada\", the river goddess, considered as very holy by the majority community.\"Congress MP Sajjan Singh Verma has insulted \"Ma Naramda\" by making unwanted references about the river goddess at a public function where Union minister Kamalnath and another Congress MP Uday Pratap Singh were present,\" state BJP president Prabhat Jha told newsmen at the state party headquarters.At the press meet, the BJP leaders played out a video clipping in which Congress MP Sajjan Singh Verma was heard saying that illegal sand mining was rampant along the banks of holy river Narmada and chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and his family members were indulging in \"balatkar\" (rape).\"It's an issue directly associated with the religious sentiments of people. The BJP has decided to organise a yatra through the banks of Naramda river to press for an unconditional public apology from the Congress in general and the Member of Parliament in particular for such unwarranted remarks about the holy river,\" Jha added.Jha said party was also considering initiating criminal proceedings against the Congress MP. However, he sought the evade the issue of alleged illegal sand mining on the banks of Naramda river, saying that his focus was mainly on Congress MP's act, which he said had hurt the sentiments of the people.Dismissing the BJP charges against him, Congress MP Sajjan Singh Verma told TOI over telephone \"BJP is up to its usual political gimmick to divert people's attention from the rampant illegal sand mining along the banks of Naramda river\".\"BJP is quoting the word 'balatkar' out of context. The BJP should release video footages of illegal sand mining and make public the names of people who were exploiting Naramda river,\" he said, adding that the BJP is rattled ever since the opposition Congress began raising the issue of illegal mining and the BJP leaders nexus with the sand mining mafia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12681801", "title": "Demand for Khandesh tiger reserve heats up", "text": "NAGPUR: With the state government notifying three new sanctuaries adjoining Navegaon, Nagzira and Bor recently, a demand for Khandesh tiger reserve in Jalgaon has cropped up by combining Yawal wildlife sanctuary and adjoining Vadoda forest range, which is brimming with tigers.On March 22, a tiger was found in a camera trap in Vadoda range of Jalgaon division. On September 7, TOI had reported how tigers have come back in Jalgaon district after a long gap. This forest enclave provides a habitat to several endangered species like leopards, sloth bear, blackbucks and other herbivores.Records show that a tigress delivered 3 cubs on January 2001 in Dolarkheda. In December 2007, two more cubs and a tigress was reportedly spotted. In 2011, pugmarks of tiger cubs were found. \"The Vadoda range lies under the direct drainage of Hatnur dam on Tapi river. Hatnur's backwaters have turned into a good habitat with dense forests, natural vegetation and sufficient water. Tigers inhabit here as this area is well protected and undistributed,\" said Rajendra Nannaware, convenor of Satpuda Bachao Kriti Samiti, which is pushing for the Khandesh tiger reserve. He added, tigers move from Wan-Ambabarwa-Yawal towards Western Ghats.Nannaware said the samiti's future action plan includes conducting a ground level survey in Vadoda and Yawal sanctuary and publish a white paper on tiger habitat in the region. \"We also plan to organise a state level tiger conference from October 24 to 26 in Jalgaon,\" he said.The camera trap picture was also shared with National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA). S P Yadav, deputy inspector general (DIG), NTCA, has said that he will take up the issue with state authorities.Satpuda ranges in Khandesh are known for its tall mountains and rich bio-diversity. The topology is ideal for wildlife, with rare species of flora and fauna nestling here. Yawal is 177.50 sq km while Vadoda range is 145 sq km.Khandesh is a low rainfall area and much of the district's water comes from forests of Satpuda ranges to the north. Yawal and its adjoining forests are sources to vital rivers, the largest being Sukkin and Aner, on which dams have been constructed in Jalgaon and Dhulia districts respectively. Water conservation is also key issue in Satpuda ranges.The samiti is a network of environmental organisations in Khandesh. With the initiative of School of Environment and Khandesh Nature Conservation Society (KNCS), this network is handling various environmental issues of the region. \"We are working on impact of Forest Right Act (FRA) on forest and tiger conservation in Satpuda. We are claiming presence of tigers in the region for past several years, but forest authorities believed it only after sightings,\" said Nannaware.Some Facts Of The Matter- There were 14 cattle kills by tigers in Yawal between 1994-95 and 2003-04. Yawal is under threat from encroachments- On August 26, 2011, DR Patil, range forest officer (RFO), Vadoda, accepted presence of tigress with cubs in his area and demanded additional funds for conservation- Jalgaon district collector Dnyaneshwar Rajurkar formally announced presence of tigers in Vadoda on July 25, 2011- Between March 18, 2011, movement of tiger was found in Savkheda near Pal forest in Raver taluka- On December 5, 2010 movement of two tigers was found near Bahipur in Nandurbar district. The spot is between Aner and Toranmal sanctuary of Khandesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "12687090", "title": "Angul schoolboy shines in Wu-shu tourney", "text": "ANGUL: Angul boy Divya Mohan has clinched a bronze medal at the 11th sub-junior National Wu-shu Championship held at Jammu recently. This was his first ever medal in Wu-shu and Odisha got a medal after a long gap of eight years in the National Wu-shu Championship.The five-day tournament organized at the indoor complex, M A Stadium, Jammu, started from March 27. Mohan participated in the Daoshu event.The national vice chairman, technical committee, Wu-shu Federation of India, Pradyumna Kumar Behera and Odisha Wushu association president S S Harichandan applauded Mohan for securing the third position and grabbing bronze medal. All together 700 participants had taken part in the senior and sub-junior categories. Reportedly, two from Odisha including Mohan had bagged medals.Divya Mohan, a standard IX student of Delhi Public School, Nalco Nagar, Angul, had earlier participated in various kick boxing tournaments both at the state and national level apart from taking part in the fourth world cadet kick boxing championship held at Belgrade in Serbia in 2010.He ended up becoming fourth in the event.Kartika Dakua coached Divya Mohan. He is expert in various other forms of martial art too, Dakua said. Speaking to the TNN, Mohan said, \"I want to make a career in the Wushu sport.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12689161", "title": "Delhi's cars no faster than pedestrians", "text": "NEW DELHI: Is driving really the quickest way to get around the capital? New research shows that for 20% of their running time - 12 minutes every hour - Delhi's cars are no faster than pedestrians. An ongoing pilot study by the research group UrbanEmissions.info has found that a fifth of a car's traffic time is spent idling or crawling at less than 4 kmph due to heavy congestion on roads and too many signals.\"A car running at less than 4kmph is only as fast as, or slower than, a person walking. We are trying to understand how often cars run at such speeds. We found that cars crawl at 4kmph for almost 24 minutes in two hours of driving. The wastage of fuel is immense,\" said Sarath Guttikunda, co-director of UrbanEmissions.info.For the study, IIT students equipped with global positioning system (GPS) devices drive across the NCR at different hours to collect speed data. So far, they have logged 120 hours on the road travelling to Noida, Greater Noida, Gurgaon, Dwarka and across South Delhi. The plan is to collect data for around 1,000 hours of motoring. \"We use an algorithm in the geographic information system (GIS) to merge data and map it,\" Guttikunda said.The study was begun to understand how the city drives - its acceleration and deceleration pattern. \"This would also give us an idea of real-time emissions and our exposure to pollution. We would get a clear picture at the end of six months when we complete the study.\"While pollution is the greater concern, understanding how driving conditions affect motoring costs is of immediate interest. In an imaginary scenario with one million cars plying on Delhi's roads for two hours, 200,000 litres of fuel (petrol/diesel) would be wasted, as per the study. \"Since 24 minutes of idling wastes around 0.20 litres of petrol or diesel per car, fuel worth Rs 1 crore would be wasted when one million cars are running,\" Guttikunda said. For the simulation, the price of fuel is taken as Rs 50 per litre (a rough average for petrol and diesel).Environment expert Anumita Roychowdhury said, \"Delhi is seeing frequent increases in emissions. These findings reinforce the studies that have been done at various traffic intersections where vehicles move very slowly\". Roychowdhury, executive director for research and advocacy at the Centre For Science and Environment (CSE), added: \"If our city gets so congested, it's (the pollution) going to be unsustainable and is going to aggravate public health problems. There are increased emissions, and fuel consumption is very high if the car is run at such a slow pace so often. This has been substantiated by many other scientific studies.\"Anumita and Guttikunda said making public transport and para transit (autos/mini buses) more efficient and better connected could ease congestion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681489", "title": "Three held with liquor bottles during polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people were arrested on Sunday in central Delhi for allegedly possessing liquor bottles during voting, police said.Virender Rana (25) was apprehended from Patel Nagar during checking.\"With a view to keep a check on bootlegging in the MCD elections, a special drive was launched in the central district. A Nano was signalled to stop, but the driver tried to flee. He was overpowered and 192 quarter bottles of whisky seized,\" Devesh Srivastava, additional commissioner of police (central), said.Elsewhere in Prem Nagar, Raj Kumar (44) and Rajesh Adil (32) were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12685995", "title": "Rain makes muck mockery", "text": "RANCHI: While the unpredictable rainfall in the state capital has come as a welcome relief from the scorching heat, it has also created problems for the commuters in the form of overflowing drains that make walking and driving inconvenient and dangerous.One of the victims of the troubles following the rain and resident of Radium Road, Sudhir Kumar, said, \"Every time there is rainfall, the drains by the roadsides overflow and all the garbage and sewage water flow out and make it difficult to walk toll the time it dries up.\"But now the residents can expect a sigh of relief. The A to Z Company - entrusted with the job of keeping the city clean - has begun playing the role of a savior by starting to clean up the drains of the city to prevent the problem from aggravating during the monsoons.Its public relations officer Ashish Saurabh said, \"We have two machines for cleaning the drains - one is the jetting and suction machine for the regular drains with water and the other is the disilting machine for the dried-up drains. The cleaning work has already started.\"The jetting and suction machine sucks out the garbage from the drains and avoids jamming of the drains.The disilting machine with a capacity of 50 tons has two tanks inside - an empty one and another filled with water. A jet of water is shot in the dried drains and the machine sucks out the water with the already dried garbage.A to Z will also be starting a drainage cleaning drive in May when, on the request of residents, the slabs covering the household drains will be removed and will be cleaned with the help of the machines.Saurabh said, \"The main problem with the drains of Ranchi is that most of them do not lead to any big drain. Illegal construction has also been undertaken over many slabs covering the drains so it is difficult for us to clean them. We will be taking permission from Ranchi Municipal Corporation to destroy the illegal constructions and clean the drains.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12681719", "title": "Girl's family held for killing her ex-lover", "text": "NAGPUR: Five of a family, including three women , were arrested for allegedly killing a man last month, who was the former paramour of a girl, whose marriage is fixed on April 1. The accused killed the man at Hetitola, 20km away from Parseoni.Deceased Ravindra Khandekar was attacked by his ex-girlfriend's family on March 25. The woman's family had allegedly planned to teach Khandekar a lesson as they feared that he may disrupt the wedding. He was thrashed mercilessly which led to his death.Parseoni police had registered an accidental death case. After further investigation and reports from forensic experts, the cops slapped charges of murder against the family members of the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682572", "title": "Kidnapping a quick way for gangs to get rich", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Anil Kumar of Sonipat, arrested for the kidnapping of Canada-based NRI Navneet Singh Chatha, is the not the only one, who planned to become a crorepati.The Tricity has had its share of these get rich quickly kinds in Ravinder Singh Gill, who was responsible for the kidnapping of three two-year-olds in 2009 and 2010 and securing a ransom of total Rs 62 lakh from the family members. However, a chargesheet against him is yet to be submitted before a court.A senior police official said, \"Gill reportedly confessed during interrogation that it was the easiest way of making quick money for him.\" Gill had abducted Jiya and Arnav from Panchkula and Mehak from Mohali.The kidnapping of Nikhil Joshi, son of the owner of Joshi Auto zone, and five-year old Khushpreet Singh, who was later murdered by kidnappers, were the other kidnappings, which the Tricity residents find it hard to forget.Joshi was kidnapped in November 2005 and Khushi was kidnapped in December 2010.In Joshi kidnapping case, mastermind Aman Verma had managed to escape to Singapore in November 2005 and demanded a ransom of Rs 2 crores posing as a member of Chhota Rajan gang.The kidnappers of Khushi had murdered him despite having collected the ransom from his family members. Khushi's body was recovered from Mohali district on January 5, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12680955", "title": "Fewer Banganapalli mangoes this year", "text": "CHENNAI: Some connoisseurs will vouch for Banganapalli mangoes over even the popular and costly Alphonso, but people in the city who look forward to the mango season will find far fewer fruits of the variety in the markets this season.There has been a massive shortfall in production of Banganapalli mangoes this year and traders have not made any prior bookings for delivery.Traders are reluctant to pick up stocks of Banganapalli mangoes after the crackdown over the past two seasons on the use of calcium carbide to artificially ripen the fruit. The variety spoils very quickly and the lack of a storage facility to ripen the fruit in the city compelled traders to transport mangoes early and use calcium carbide to quickly ripen them for sale, industry sources said. The mangoes supplied this year will be naturally ripened, said S Muthukrishnan, proprietor of Karthik Fruit Traders in Koyambedu. \"But since these fruits spoil very quickly, traders at Koyambedu have not made any bookings with orchards and other suppliers,\" he said. \"We have made many requests to the government for a storage facility to ripen fruit but the state has ignored our pleas.\"\"Few traders want to stock Banganapalli mangoes and only buy small quantities if it is brought to the market by truck,\" he said.Production of the variety has taken a severe hit. \"Banganapalli mango production has dropped to 25% this year,\" said Gurumurthy of D/C Traders at Koyambedu. \"Normally, we get 10 truck loads of mangoes every year in time for the Tamil New Year. This year, no consignments of the fruit were delivered and we had to source 2 tonnes locally. The price too has gone up to 70 per kg from 40 per kg.\"Daily arrivals of mangoes early in the season has dropped from 10 to 15 trucks to two to three trucks per day, said K Jayaraman, a commission agent who procures fruit for several retail supermarkets in the city.\"Around 300 traders sold Banganapalli mangoes,\" said EDS Thoraisamy, member secretary of Chennai Fruit Commission Agents Association. \"Last year, the number came down to 200 and this year only around 50 traders are selling Banganapalli mangoes.\"Thoraisamy himself has been forced to sell Banganapalli mangoes from his orchard to soft drink companies this year rather than attempt to sell them in Chennai's markets. Mangoes have been supplanted by apples this year, he said. \"Earlier, when mango stocks arrived, there would be no space for any other fruit,\" Thoraisamy said. \"But now the market is flooded with apples.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12681771", "title": "Delay in cement road project promises monsoon trouble for commuters", "text": "NAGPUR: The inordinate delay in completion of cement roads project means citizens are going to face a big problem during the monsoon. Some 20 roads covered by the project have not been repaired due to the pending concretization, leaving numerous potholes on these stretches.Under the 250km cement roads project, NMC has undertaken only the first phase, to construct 26km cement roads at a cost of Rs 101.19 crore. In this phase, 26 sections of 20 roads were to be converted from tar to cement roads.All of the roads are very busy roads with width varying from 18 to 30 meters. As per the work order dated June 6, 2011, M/s Unity Infra Projects Ltd was to construct 26km cement road in 12 months, that is by June 6, 2012. However, shockingly, not a single kilometre road has been completed even as just two months remain for the deadline, and also arrival of the monsoon.As the proposed roads were to be converted into cement, no tar work was not undertaken on these roads in the last two years. Patchwork was undertaken on a few roads like from Ramnagar square to Ravinagar square. So, the surface layer of the 20 proposed cement roads is in bad shape presently, with numerous rough patches and potholes as big as craters.Some of the very busy roads part of this project are Central Bazaar road from VRCE square to Lokmat square, Great Nag Road from Dhantoli Railway Underbridge to Jagnade square, and Mokshadham square to MSRTC Bus Depot square to ST stand square. In the last monsoon, the city had witnessed many road mishaps due to potholes on roads. A similar problem cannot be ruled out this year due to the delay in completion of cement roads project.Interestingly, construction work has been started on only two of the 26 sections of roads as yet. A visit to these sites also exposes the tall claims of NMC that the project will be completed in time.The work between Jagnade square to St Xavier's School square, stretching over 1.5km, was taken up in September 2011. The work on one side of the road is nearing completion. The storm water drainage work has begun a few days back.The construction of a nullah was also undertaken on Great Nag road between Baidyanath square and Mokshadham square in the same period. However, the work has not been completed despite traffic being stopped since long on this road.NMC had appointed three consultants to ensure execution and completion of the project. Besides, Unity too is very famous for its cement road projects. However, the city has been left to face the result of delay in implementation of the project.An official from NMC told TOI the project is facing numerous problems. \"The contractor was to establish his own quarry and cement concrete mixture plant as per conditions of the contract. This was made mandatory to ensure quality of work. Besides, getting permissions to block roads and shift cables and water network etc beneath the roads is consuming a long time. Timely execution of cement road project within the city limit, that too on such busy roads, is tough,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12688678", "title": "How Gautham Menon roped in Ilayaraja", "text": "Director Gautham Menon has said that it is his deepest desire to work with Ilayaraja but he did not have the courage to ask him all these years.Finally, after completing 50 percent of Nee Thaane En Pon Vasantham, Gautham gathered courage to discuss the project.Soon after seeing what has been shot already, Ilayaraja agreed to compose the tunes. Amazingly, he had completed scoring the tunes for eight songs in just 16 days, says Gautham. The maestro is a true genius and does not want anyone to stop the flow of his work, adds Gautham Menon.The songs in NEPV are sure to be a treat to all Ilayaraja fans out there.Source: www.cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12681142", "title": "English and Foreign Languages University expansion plans hang fire", "text": "HYDERABAD: The English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu)'s much-advertised plan of starting campuses in other states is moving at a snail's pace. The varsity was supposed to set up campuses on 100 acres of land each in Haryana and Kerala but the timeframe for the same is set to lapse in June this year with Eflu having only a four-member land allotment committee to show. Interestingly, the committee, headed by former Eflu pro-vice chancellor Maya Pandit, has not met even once with the deadline all but round the corner.Notwithstanding the university's laidback attitude, Kerala has already allotted 100 acres for a campus in Panakkad in Malappuram district on March 23. But Eflu authorities are yet to visit and approve the site. Those in the know of things, however, stated that university officials should get a clearance from the ministry of human resource development (MHRD) after inspection of the proposed project site.No deal has been signed with the Haryana government for the campus as yet but Eflu officials said that they were still awaiting the former's response to the proposal. Sources said that the proposal was rendered void on March 31 as the university did not approach the Haryana government for land within the stipulated timeframe.Ironically, the new campus plans figure prominently on the Eflu website and also in vice-chancellor in-charge's note.University officials said that they will be able to proceed with their plans only after obtaining a go ahead from MHRD. \"We have already written to MHRD and are awaiting a reply. As soon as we get one, we will proceed with the plans,\" said an official.However, sources in the Kerala government said that they were anxious about the fate of the proposed campus in the state. \"We have not received any communication from the university. Since we fast-tracked the clearances for the new campus, we were expecting a prompt response from university officials,\" said Malappuram district collector Mohandas.Interestingly, Maya Pandit was given the charge of heading the panel in question at a time when she was actually away from the country. She is not expected to take charge before May 15. The university has currently entered the spillover period of three months, after which it might not even get an extension for the project. \"We need not wait for Maya Pandit's return to go ahead with the project. We are awaiting MHRD clearance,\" said an Eflu official.The university currently has two offshore campuses, in Lucknow and Shillong . The new campuses in Haryana and Kerala were proposed during the tenure of former vice-chancellor, Abhai Maurya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12688705", "title": "Samsung Galaxy SIII coming in May", "text": "SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co said on Monday it would unveil the third-generation of its flagship smartphone Galaxy S on May 3 in London , banking on a heavy marketing campaign heading into the summer Olympics in the city.Samsung became the world's top smartphone maker last year on the back of strong sales of Galaxy lineups and the latest edition comes after it released Galaxy S II in late April last year.The South Korean firm sold over 40 million Galaxy smartphones since the model was released in June 2010.Samsung, which dominates in the top end of smartphone market along with Apple Inc, estimated earlier this month that its first-quarter operating profit would hit a record 5.8 trillion Korean won thanks to strong sales of Galaxy series smartphones.Its current sponsorship deal with the International Olympics Committee runs out in 2016. It has said its market share in China doubled after the 2008 Beijing Olympics.It was reported earler this week that Samsung Electronics Co, Apple's biggest competitor in the market for iPad-sized tablet computers, is updating its line to include a feature that lets a tablet act as a universal remote control for an entertainment center.The storage space on the new Galaxy Tab 2 will also be expandable with small memory cards. The tablets will come in two sizes. The 7-inch version will cost $250 and goes on sale April 22. The 10-inch version will cost $400 and goes on sale May 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12682238", "title": "National Tiger Conservation Authority adopts refined tiger estimation protocols", "text": "NAGPUR: Starting today the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) adopted new refined protocols for intensive monitoring of tiger source populations under the phase IV exercise of national tiger estimation.K Ullas Karanth, director, Wildlife Conservation Society-India, and Centre for Wildlife Studies (CWS), Bangalore, and his colleagues were working with NTCA and Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun , in a supportive technical role, in developing these protocols since 2009.\"When implemented fully, these refinements will put India's tiger monitoring programme well ahead of any other monitoring programme for big cats, anywhere in the world,\" Karanth said. Karnataka and Maharashtra are already implementing the new protocols.In this regard, the spirit of innovation was also shown by Rajesh Gopal, member secretary of NTCA, and PR Sinha, director of WII , in the complex process of balancing science, involved in introducing these refinements, the conservation zoologist said.Karanth said that the new protocols will enable state forest departments to formally collaborate with qualified scientists, and enable them to move up a ladder of technical progress, from estimating minimum number of tigers to robust estimates of population density, change in number over time, survival and other crucial parameters.Relevant parts of the protocol specify strict standards for conduct of camera trap and fecal DNA surveys of important source populations of tigers as well as conduct of line transect surveys of prey. These protocols will work in tandem with a national tiger photographic data base repository to be developed and maintained at NTCA.The collaborative process envisaged in the monitoring process is also expected to bring wider participation of qualified scientists as well as greater transparency and rigour to the tasks of data collection and analyses.The tiger reserves in Maharashtra are following the new protocol. AK Mishra, chief conservator of forests (CCF) &amp; field director of Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR), said the protocol was discussed between NTCA and field directors of reserves in a series of meetings since August 2011.The new protocol has two major procedures viz. transect walking over transects of two-three km each with a view to assess prey densities but actual number of prey animals is not the objective. And secondly, to estimate the minimum number of tigers by using camera traps.\"In MTR transect process was completed in February. The camera traps have been put in the field since March 10, 2012. The underlying objective is to get all the possible photos of tigers from high probability areas of the reserve. At the end all these photos will be analysed to assess minimum number of tigers and assign a name to each tiger,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12687109", "title": "Nitish has hurt Bihar sentiments: Lalu Prasad", "text": "PATNA: RJD chief Lalu Prasad on Monday targetted chief minister Nitish Kumar over the centenary celebrations in Mumbai, saying that the JD(U) leader has \"hurt the prestige and sentiments of Bihar\" by kneeling down before MNS leader Raj Thackeray .Apparently referring to the chief minister's emissary Devesh Chandra Thakur who conveyed to Thackeray that the programme was purely socio-cultural and politics was not on the agenda, Prasad accused Kumar of \"hurting the prestige of Bihar\".\"Nitish has hurt the prestige and sentiments of Bihar by kneeling down before Thackeray and his conditions on his visit to Mumbai,\" Prasad told reporters here.\"Nitish conceded all the conditions put by Raj Thackerary for attending the Bihar Divas programme in Mumbai yesterday,\" Prasad claimed.Stating that Bihar is known for its glorious past, the former Bihar chief minister said, \"We should not buckle under pressure and kneel before anyone's diktat.\"He also criticised Devesh Chandra Thakur, a ruling JD(U) MLC, for allegedly 'stage-managing' a truce between Kumar and Thackeray.Prasad alleged that Kumar was celebrating Bihar Divas overlooking poverty and deterioration in law and order in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12686296", "title": "Govt offers bonus marks to Class X, XII athletes", "text": "BHOPAL: The state school education department would now provide bonus marks in the board examinations to student athletes, who have won medals in the state and national level competitions.Sportspersons of Class X and XII of the MP Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) would now get bonus marks for wining in the state and national level competitions. This is for the first time that bonus marks would be awarded to meritorious students. The state cabinet recently gave a green signal to the order in this regard.A board official said, \"This is being done to encourage the sports talents among the students to perform better. Often they lose precious time meant for practicing to study. This hampers their performance.\"The students, who have won in the state level competitions, would be given 5 bonus marks and 10 marks to those who won medals in the national level competitions.The district education officers (DEOs) of all the districts have been authorized to collect the list of such students eligible for awarding bonus marks. The data then will be forwarded to the directorate of public instructions (DPI), which would then send the list across to the MPBSE.The students, who have won the state and national level competitions and are eligible for the bonus marks are to provide a photocopy of the board examination admit card and the certificate of the winning competition.In Bhopal district alone, there are about 130 such students who have won in different sports competitions and have appeared for the class XII board exams. The figure for class X board examinees, who are found to be eligible in this category is around 210.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12685907", "title": "An artist's voyage through time", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: B D Dethan's painting has something in it that can stun you. Dethan doesn't confine his palette and strokes to one style. Over the span of 45 years, the rhapsodic painter has jumped from technique to technique.The ongoing exhibition at the Museum auditorium comprises of excerpts from life of the painter Dethan. The exhibition is arranged as part of the release of the book 'B.D Dethan and His Distinct Style -A Retrospective from 1970 to 2012'.Filmmaker Adoor Goplakrishnan released the book. It has been written by M L Johny.The exhibition has on display, pieces he drew from the 1970s till present. He has culled for display, fragments of diverse paths the artist has treaded on over different periods. \"I hate to delimit myself to a particular style. I like to do my own experiments and make my own discoveries in this artistic voyage,\" said Dethan.Dethan was tagged \"useless\" by the faculty members when he was a student at the Trivandrum School of Arts in 1966. However, it was his determination to prove his teachers wrong that kept him going. \"I was too passionate to give up painting. I used to read magazines and periodicals like the 'Illustrated Weekly' and 'International Studio' voraciously to learn about the new trends in fine arts,\" beamed Dethan.The exhibition includes works from his eclectic collection like 'Kali' (1988-90) done in pen and ink drawing, 'Faces'(1997-98) etched on paper with charcoal, 'Nude Complexion' (2004) dabbed in oil painting, 'Mind Collage' (2006-07) and 'Botanic Fantasy' (2009) slathered in acrylic across the canvas and 'Parinamam' (2010-11) which employs scraping of a glossy magazine picture with blade to carve out new images on the existing one.M K Muneer, minister for panchayat and social welfare, inaugurated the exhibition on Thursday. 'Kanai Kunhiraman', a documentary by Nemom Pushparaj, will be screened on Monday here at 5 pm and poetry recital by D Vinayachandran will take place on Tuesday at 5 pm as a part of the exhibition.The gallery is open till Wednesday from 11am to 7 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12686160", "title": "Project quality leaves RGPV disappointed", "text": "BHOPAL: Rajiv Gandhi Prodyogiki Vishwavidyalaya (RGPV) does not appear to be enthused with the quality of projects models engineering students churn out.The university has a corpus of Rs 10 crore to support good and genuine projects,\"It's part of their studies. There is nothing new in these ideas. Such projects are mandatory for them,\" said RGPV Vice-Chancellor Prof Piyush Trivedi. The VC of the university that governs over 200 such colleges in the state is critical of copying such projects from the Internet.\"A recent study by the NASSCOM has pointed out such institutions have been producing only \"quantity\" where \"quality\" is being compromised. Hardly 2% of them get \"good placement\".The VC said, \"Project making is an important part of studies, which should be taken seriously. If any project is found plagiarized, the student would be punished.\"Even reputed colleges faculties accepted that students should come up with ideas, which have practical use. \"We asked our students to spend time on projects which have some practical application. Students should not focus on making projects to get marks only,\" head of the department, R&D;, Radharaman College, Dr P K Lahri said. His college has a separate cell to help students, who come with innovative ideas. However, he accepts that students in many colleges present project by copying them from the Internet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12685576", "title": "Modi takes dig at Gandhi family", "text": "VADODARA: Taking a dig at Gandhi family, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said martyrdom is not monopoly of a single family.Modi said this at a function held at tribal dominated Jambughoda taluka of Panchmahal district to pay tribute to the five unsung heroes of the tribal community, who sacrificed their lives fighting against the British rule.\"Martyrdom is not a monopoly of a single family as deliberately and intentionally described by some people,\" said Modi, adding that \"it was unfortunate that sacrifices of a large number of martyrs, who laid their lives for the freedom of our nation, have been deliberately erased by some elements so that people no longer could remember their martyrdom.\"The function was organised to pay tribute to tribal martyrs Joriya Parmeshwar, Rupsingh Nayak, Galaliya Nayak, Ravjida Nayak and Babariya Galma Nayak, who were hanged to death on April, 16, 1868 by the British rulers in Jambughoda.He announced that state level 'Van Mahotsav' of the current year will be celebrated at Mangadh hills of Panchmahal to commemorate the sacrifice of local martyr Govind Guru, who was shot dead by the British.He christened primary school of Vadek village, of which Joriya was a native as Joriya Parmeshwar primary school and Dandiyapura primary school as Rupsingh Nayak primary school in the memory of the tribal heroes.The chief minister said that a memorial will be built in near future and a Tribal Martyr Day will be celebrated every year, in the memory of these tribal heroes on April 16.Modi also laid the foundation stone of development works worth Rs 8.5 crore including a modern taluka panchayat office, a high-level bridge and an underground drainage scheme for Jambughoda town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12682423", "title": "25-yr-old girl found bruised,unconscious", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a shocking incident, a 25-year-old field officer of a retail chain was found severely bruised at her rented accommodation in Sector 16, Indiranagar on Sunday.With several injuries on her head and body, the girl was reported to be in a semi-naked and unconscious state. What exactly happened with the girl remains a mystery as she was yet to regain full consciousness till late evening.According to reports, the girl was first seen by her landlord's daughter who, after finding an unusual silence in her tenant's room, went to enquire about her well-being. Shocked to see her in such a bad, the girl called her mother. The two women draped the girl in a sleeping gown and took her to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital at about 10.30am.At the hospital, emergency medical officer Dr AK Singh registered her as a medico-legal case and informed the Ghazipur Police. \"She was brought with multiple injuries on her head and in an unconscious state. Going by the circumstances in which she was found, a lady doctor Sandeepa Srivastava was told to examine her to find out whether the girl was raped. The report of the medical examination was yet to arrive. Even now, she is in a state of altered sensorium (state of deep sleep marked by a few small bouts of consciousness),\" explained Dr RC Agarwal, chief medical superintendent, RML hospital.Ghazipur police later informed media person that the girl was a native of Sonbhadra district and was working at a famous retail company. The police said that whether she was raped would confirmed only after the medical report arrives. But a final conclusion would be reached only after the girl's statement is recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12683517", "title": "Miraculous escape for 159 aboard flight to Kuala Lumpur", "text": "BANGALORE: One-hundred-and-fifty-nine people aboard a Malaysia Airlines flight (MH-193 ) from Bangalore to Kuala Lumpur had a providential escape after a technical glitch forced the pilot to abandon landing in the south-east Asian nation's capital and return to the Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) in haste on Sunday.The flight took off from Bangalore at 1.18am but returned to the city within one-anda-half hours to an announcement from the unnamed pilot that passengers should thank the crew for not persisting with the landing.Malaysia Airlines refused to confirm the gravity of the problem , maintaining thatitwas a regular technical glitch . The problem was set right by engineers and the same plane left BIA with all the passengers at 7pm in the evening, an airline spokesperson said .There were 151 passengers and eight crew members aboard the Boeing 737-800 series aircraft.\"On detecting thetechnicalfault ,thecaptain of the aircraft ensured that all safety precautions were observed while bringing the aircraftbacktoB angalore ,\" HamzahA yob ,Malaysia Airlines general manager - Karnataka said.Unconfirmed reports said the passengers were not kept abreast of the developments . Initailly they were told that it was fog that prevented the aircraft from landing in Kuala Lumpur.Later they were told that there were technical difficulties. The passengers were accommodated in a hotel near BIA while the aircraft was being readied .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12681834", "title": "'I want legal status for tiger capital'", "text": "NAGPUR: Seven-time Congress MP Vilas Muttemwar seems to be very passionate about tigers. He is perhaps the only politician who has volunteered to talk about forests and tigers and their conservation while promoting tourism. With tigers beaming in Vidarbha, TOI had launched the 'Waghpur' campaign in 2011 which led to former union minister for environment &amp; forests Jairam Ramesh declaring Nagpur as the 'Gateway to tiger country'. However, Muttemwar has gone a step ahead and proposed Nagpur as the 'Tiger Capital of the World'. He has even written to prime minister Manmohan Singh , MoEF Jayanthi Natarajan and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. He also raised the issue in Lok Sabha. TOI talked to Muttemwar on his plans and ideas on the issue.Excerpts from an interview...Q. What is your opinion about 'Waghpur' and the idea behind declaring Nagpur as the 'Tiger capital of the world'?A. Waghpur was TOI's campaign aimed at tiger tourism and conservation, but let me tell you I was the first to raise the issue with Jairam Ramesh on August 3, 2009. The basic idea is Nagpur, with its tiger population of 300-odd tigers and sanctuaries within 270km radius, can be put at an international level. Half of this tiger population is in Vidarbha. These areas are frequented by tourists because of better connectivity from Nagpur. On an average, 8 million foreign tourists visit India annually. If we could divert even one-tenth of them here, Vidarbha's economy could get a big boost.Q. Do you have any concrete proposal on the world capital status?A. Vidarbha's rich biodiversity, wildlife and many historical places themselves are its big strengths. Adventure tourism also has big scope. The state has to play a proactive role if it really wants to take the tiger capital idea forward. It will have to do strong marketing at the global level, develop better roads and accommodation facilities for visitors. I had written to union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay in March to include Vidarbha in 'Incredible India'. The campaign shows Ganga, Banaras etc but misses on Vidarbha's tourism potential. I will once again push for it. It is true that tourism is confined to Ajanta and Ellora and Vidarbha is neglected but again the state should target foreigners, many of whom come scouting for tigers. I'm sorry to state that the region's coal potential is exploited but not tourism. Just as Taj Mahal is being explored, tiger tourism should also be promoted here.Q. There is a suggestion to incorporate small steps like announcements at airport, railway station and setting up of a separate Vidarbha Tourism Development Corporation (VTDC) to promote the tiger capital?A. I feel these are small steps that won't make any big difference. Nagpur as the tiger capital will flourish only when it gets a legal sanctity. The aim of promoting the tiger capital is not only tourism but also to make it a safe haven for tigers. There should be the conservation angle to tourism. It needs to be supplemented by protecting corridors, steps like relocation of villages in reserves for which I've sought Rs 100 crore in one go. Funds in piecemeal will delay the process. Another issue is poaching which needs to be tackled are by setting up a special task force for reserves as well as outside. In the last five months, 7 tigers died in Maharashtra, which is alarming. Many resorts are coming up near Tadoba and are blocking the corridor. These resorts should be 10km away from the reserve.Q. Do you think we should look beyond sanctuaries and tiger reserves to promote tourism?A. Yes. There is a point. Tourism in parks like Tadoba and Nagzira have reached a flash point. It's high time areas like Bor, Mansingdeo, Tipeshwar and Melghat and buffer areas around protected areas (PAs) are promoted. The three new sanctuaries around Bor, Nagzira and Navegaon should be developed soon. Besides, Umred-Karangla where there are tigers should be expedited as sanctuary to ease pressure on Tadoba. Our PA network in Vidarbha may stretch up to 4,000 sq km but the area outside these PAs may be five times more to be developed for tourism. Areas outside Tadoba and Nagzira too have tigers.Q. What is your interest in Nagpur as tiger capital?A. Those who say I'm doing it for publicity think it's cheap. It's true that the tiger increases popularity but I'm serious about what I'm saying. I don't run an NGO or a travel agency to think about tourism commercially. I remember the dialogue of superstar Amitabh Bachchan in 'Deewar' - \"Mere pass maa hai.\" I'm also proud to say: \"Mere pass sheer hai.\" I have requested Natarajan to organize a brainstorming session in Nagpur involving NTCA, stakeholders, officials, experts, tour operators and others to boost ecotourism in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12682080", "title": "Probe working of power franchisees: AB Bardhan", "text": "NAGPUR: Former politburo of CPI, AB Bardhan on Sunday slammed power distribution franchisees and demanded a high level inquiry by economists and power officials into their working. Bardhan, who was in the city to attend the golden jubilee celebrations of MSEB Workers' Federation, slammed city power franchisee Spanco charging that it had not paid the entire money due to MSEDCL through the escrow account mechanism.Bardhan also slammed MSEDCL for not taking action against Spanco even though it owed Rs 235 crore to it. \"Spanco has recovered this money from consumers but not deposited it with MSEDCL,\" he alleged.The communist leader said that in 1948 the country had a generation capacity of only 1,500MW. However, due to ceaseless efforts of state utilities the capacity had crossed over a lakh MW. \"Power sector was nationalized keeping agricultural, industrial and social factors in mind. Now everything is being undone. Government passed the Electricity Act in 2003 under the influence of capitalists,\" he further charged.He claimed that neither the government nor the common consumers had benefited from power franchisees as they were fleecing both.Bardhan flayed the nuclear pact with United States of America (USA) and the Jaitapur nuclear power plant. \"We should find other ways of generating power. Solar is a good alternative. The government must invest heavily in research and development in this field,\" he said.Rajendra Mulak, minister of state for energy, said that the government was serious about all demands of power unions and assured that concrete steps would be taken soon to meet them. He lavished praise on the contribution of Bardhan to the labour movement and the power sector.Sadaruddin Rana, national vice-president of the federation, said that nine out of 25 most rich persons were from India. However, the common Indian's lot had not improved. \"The difference between rich and poor is increasing by the day.\"National president Chakradhar Prasad Singh said that the first economic policy of India was formulated in 1956 with a view of making the country independent in all sectors. \"However, with privatization of all sectors this goal seems to be impossible now.\" Executive President Mohan Sharma and secretary PB Uke also expressed their views.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12681823", "title": "Noida industries to move SC against green ban", "text": "NOIDA: Industrialists in Noida and Greater Noida will go to the Supreme Court next week against the National Green Tribunal verdict that has banned setting up of industries or expansion of old ones without its approval.The Noida Entrepreneurs' Association, a body of industrialists, is going to argue that all Noida industries have no-objection certificates from the pollution control board and the authority should put in place stringent measures to check pollution-causing commercial vehicles that are operating in Gautam Budh Nagar district beyond their permit periods.The Greater Noida chapter of the Indian Industries Association ( IIA) has already taken up the matter with the small and medium enterprises ministry of the UP government.The Noida association alleges that the tribunal has unfairly blamed industries for causing pollution in the city as all 270 industrial projects approved by the Noida Authority over the past eight years were set up after receiving clearance from the UP Pollution Control Board.\"Industries have been dealt an unfair blow while no cognizance was taken of the fact that huge population growth in the city has put pressure on air and water resources,\" said its president, Vipin Malhan. \"The number of pollution-causing commercial and private vehicles has also increased in the past few years due to this,\" he said.The association claims it has collected all data on the number of industries, pollution-causing units and safeguards taken by industries to ensure zero pollution. \"We will place this data before the SC. Noida and Greater Noida are mainly industrial townships. If a ban is placed on industrial development in the townships, it could also lead to a job crunch,\" said Malhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12685533", "title": "Dhamma Sanskriti Sangam organises seminar", "text": "VARANASI: A day-long national seminar on 'significance of all-religion coordination in world peace and prosperity and security in India', organised by Dhamma Sanskriti Sangam (Dhamma based cultures meet) was organised at Vishwa Samvad Kendra, Lanka on Sunday.Inaugurating the seminar, Prof Nawang Samten, vice chancellor, Central University of Tibetan Studies (CUTS) said that India is blessed with cultural diversity and it has preserved its rich history and heritage by maintaining communal harmony. There is an open communication between people following different religion, which is a key of trust and peace, he added on the occasion.A number of key speakers representing different communities including Mufti Abdul Batin Nomani, Father Anand, Indresh Kumar (excutive member, RSS) amongst others also presented their views on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12682135", "title": "Margao Municipal Council poll: Arthur D'Silva emerges frontrunner", "text": "MARGAO: Arthur D'Silva, who had contested the 2012 assembly elections as an independent candidate, has emerged the frontrunner to assume the post of the chairperson of the Margao Municipal Council (MMC). A special meeting of the council to elect the chairperson and deputy chairperson will be held on April 17.The post of the chairperson had fallen vacant after Susheela Naik resigned following the no-confidence motion moved against her and deputy chairperson Gonzaco Rebello by 11 of the 20 councillors, earlier this month. Rebello, however, preferred to face the no-confidence motion tabled at the meeting of the council last week, but was ousted 11-0.The 11 councillors who moved the motion were Pratima Coutinho , Arthur D'Silva, Sangeeta Audi , Sadanand Naik, Babita Naik, Avinash Shirodkar, Dayanand Deulkar, Dhananjay Mayenkar, Raju Naik, Carmina Rodrigues and Bindiya Naik.While D'Silva and Sadanand Naik are in the race to succeed Naik, D'Silva seems to be having the edge and is likely to emerge as the consensus candidate for the chairperson's post. Sadanand is likely to settle for the deputy chairperson's post, though Dhananjay Mayenkar is also eyeing the position of the deputy chairperson, sources said.The trend of rotating the chairperson's post between members of the ruling dispensation is likely to continue. Sources said that the group has arrived at an understanding that D'Silva would step down after a certain period to enable Sadanand to occupy the position.The 11 councillors have been putting up at an undisclosed location in North Goa with a view to ensure that none of them are poached by the rival group.The 11-member group of councillors, while participating in the discussion on the no-confidence motion, had accused the ex-chairperson of inefficiency on account of which the city had not seen any development during her tenure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12683006", "title": "PCB catches hospitals on wrong foot", "text": "KOLKATA: The state pollution control board (PCB) has blown the lid off the handling of biomedical waste (BMW) at the state-run hospitals. Video footage and still photographs taken by PCB showed a shoddy job in handling biomedical waste at different hospitals. The hospitals used to claim everything was near-perfect, while the real picture was a stark contrast.Most of the hospitals still do not have the mechanism to segregate biomedical waste in the major categories - anatomical waste or highly infectious waste in yellow bags, syringes, urine-bags, blood bags and catheters in blue bags and general waste in black bags. Biomedical waste, generated from hospitals, is dumped as general waste and there is a racket recycling it.State environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar, who is also a well-known medical practitioner, preferred to give these hospitals some more time. \"The government hospitals work under tremendous pressure. I think each of those will gradually be able to handle BMW in an efficient manner.\"The PCB probe revealed that Jalpaiguri State General Hospital , which routinely claims to have achieved 90% of its target in biomedical waste management, was found to be disposing BMW just beyond its boundary wall. PCB officials said this was unsafe with locals living in the vicinity are exposed to a grave danger.Medical College and Hospital, Calcutta, was found to have the least facilities for segregating waste. SSKM and RG Kar Medical College claimed to have achieved 74 and 70% of their targets in handling BMW respectively. But both these hospitals, PCB reports said, have room for improvement.Earlier, TOI had brought to light how biomedical waste getting recycled close to the city's Dhapa dumping ground. The same biomedical waste is cleaned up and repackaged only to make way to the city's medical stores and hospitals, thanks to some unscrupulous operators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12682217", "title": "Day on, Aravali Retreat denies violations", "text": "GURGAON: A day after a demolition drive was carried out by the district administration and the pollution board at Ansal's Aravali Retreat, the members of Aravali Retreat Plot owner's Association (ARPAN) denied of any violation of the environmental laws including the Aravali notification dated May 7, 1992, which says a prior permission/clearance is required before any construction on the land recorded as Gair Mumkin Pahar.The members claimed the notification was not applicable to the plot owners because the land had been categorized as farmhouse in the revenue records of the state in 1990 itself. This happened because Ansal had developed Aravali Retreat with all the necessary permissions from the state - made it green, planted trees, sold plots as farmhouses, they added.During a press conference on Sunday, Arvinder S Brara, acting president of the association, said the area did not come under Gair Mumkin pahar. The Ministry of Environment and Forests had also clarified the same in 2006 that the \"land records maintained by the state government as on the date of notification were categorized as farmhouse i.e, not categorized in any of the categories\" including Gair Mumkin pahar, Brara added.However, this has totally been ignored by the Haryana State Pollution Control Board and they are unnecessarily harassing the plot owners, Brara said.Plot owners, many of whom are senior citizens, alleged that the demolition seems to divert focus from the issue of illegal mining by punishing legal farm houseowners.They further said that Aravali Retreat was never considered a forest land as it was always privately- owned land. Under the controlled areas Act, change of land use (CLU) is required prior to any construction. While many plot owners and a school have been granted permission, others are still awaiting, said Brara.The members alleged that the HSPCB's contention that constructions of boundary walls are illegal and permission was required for this is contradictory as plants and tress are at a risk of getting damaged without any protection from stray animals. Besides that, security of people is also at risk in absence of boundary walls.The members said the Punjab and Haryana High Court had given stay orders to several owners against the criminal cases filed by the pollution board. The board carried out the demolition drive disregarding the order and without prior intimation to owners, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12685657", "title": "Ladies vs men with mean machines", "text": "SURAT: Apropos the luxury car frenzy that has taken Laladom by storm; no, tell me really, what is it? The dictionary explains the word 'vehicle' as a means of conveyance that takes you from point A to point B. That could be your average BMW, but then again, it could also be a bicycle, or a bullock cart, no?So then, whats all this honking fuss about, huh?Do you think people judge you for the kind of person you are by Mercedes you are seen in? I mean, do these four wheel drive SUVs make you feel more towering? Does that place the intellectual corporates in those boring sedans a little lower? What about the guy who has an Audi SUV but in a lesser priced model, what rung is he on? And, according to that logic, does that mean that anyone who owns a Bentley is way above your league?What about guys who don't own any cars? Does that mean they are beyond competition? How does one spell the name of your car again? Don't know? Okay can you pronounce Volkswagen?Doesn't the word EMI actually translate to 'living in borrowed heaven '? Why do worry and ask about the mileage, petrol/diesel, when you are more than willing to chip out a fortune on your Land Rover?And after spending all that indecent amount of money, why do you spend a whole load of more for a fancy number on its plate? Isn't the Hulk of a car noticeable enough to have its distinct identity?Why do you test drive models in maximum overdrive even as the salesman chews on his tie when you treat your own car as the most delicate darling on earth?You tend to complaint that we mull way too much over our shopping then why do you take a lifetime before selecting 'the one'? Why do spend lakhs of rupees on something that your polyester clothed chauffeur is going to drive? Any clue whether your car is a front wheel, rear wheel or all wheel drive?What makes a second hand celebrity owned car that has run more than 40,000 kms and has attended more parties and has been more photographed in its lifetime than you will ever be in yours more valuable than a brand new one that makes you feel like a star?Does proximity to all things beautiful make you feel better about yourself? What exactly do you mean when you drool,\"What ae booty!\"Why do you forget your wife/girlfriend is a person and the car is a thing; not vice versa? For those rare few who beg to differ from the question above; why on earth do you then comment on their backsides similarly?You actually believe 'aaja meri gaadi mein baithja' is a great pick up line, don't you?What is so sexy about a huge, wide, room of a car that blocks and jams the entire traffic on Ghodod road at any time of the day?What exactly are you hinting at when you ask for the one with 'more leg space and spacious back'? Does the big car's engine seem to increase your horsepower vroom, you think?What about the new ones that have an equally powerful engine as the Honda sedan in a more compact body like the Nissan Micra? Is it because Ranbir Kapoor advertises the latter?Why is it that the smaller hatch back is presented to the women in the house as 'ladies car'? Why does your heart undergo a stress test every time your wife takes your car for a spin?Why do you call the smartly designed small cars like Brio, a 'tukda' or 'Hondi', nickname Santro, Swift and Ritz as stunted growth and consider i10, Nano and Zen as toys?Why do company logos matter so much if all those like Jazz, Liva and Asta i20 are branded and priced equally?Why do you cover your steering wheel in leopard print and turn the dashboard into a flashy wooden finish to instantly give away your identity?With all your business sense, why do opt into investing in something that will instantly lose 20-30% of its market value the minute you drive it out of that showroom ?You do know that if we spent that kind of amount, it would be on the kind of jewellery that would be custom made and one of its kind's classic and that it would be an asset not a liability?Wouldn't a Vintage be a wiser buy?What are you without your car?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12688582", "title": "Kamna wants a vacation", "text": "Actor Kamna Jethmalani is clearly over-worked.And she is making it known, that she needs a break pretty soon. Taking to her micro blogging page, the actor posted, \"Need a kutty vaccation!!! jus chill relax read a book..sit by d beach!!!uff!!!\"Guess with the summer here and everyone on chill mode, the actor too seems to have the vacation fever", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12685770", "title": "Jains take out shobha yatra", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of devotees of Lord Mahavira took out a shobha yatra amid dandiya and beating of drums here on Sunday. The occasion was the 7th anniversary of Shri Jain Dada Badi Prathistha Mahotsava. The devotees, including hundreds of women and children participated in the yatra which commenced from Birhana Road and passed through Phoolbagh and Mall Road to reach Cantt. At Jain Dada Badi temple, the yatra came to an end.The women danced and played dandiya. Dressed up in orange and red, they were witnessed holding 'kalash' on their heads. Rahul Jain, an organizer, said that the holy procession remained a colourful event and devotees pledged to follow the commitments of Lord Mahavira.Central excise commissioner Pravin Kumar Jain flagged off the shobha yatra in the morning. The devotees were chanting bhajans in praise of the Lord. A band was also arranged which blew trumpets to mark the festivities.Later, the devotees were given 'prasad' at the temple and they were asked to follow the preachings of Lord Mahavira for becoming good human beings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683686", "title": "Jellyfish to the rescue", "text": "Researchers in US create an undersea vehicle inspired by the common jellyfish that runs on renewable energy and could be used in ocean dives for rescue and surveillance missions. Poonam Jain reports.Aurelia aurita or the common jellyfish is found across the world's oceans. But only recently did its bell-shaped body and its propulsion mechanism inspire a team of researchers at Virginia Tech and University of Texas-Dallas to create an undersea vehicle.\"A lot more people should look into hydrodynamics of jellyfish. Jellyfish type of robots are a stepping stone in mimicking the elegant forms of nature,\" says Shashank Priya, associate professor, Department of Mechanical Engineering, Virginia Tech and the study's senior author.The robotic jellyfish, christened Robojelly , runs on renewable energy. \"The Robojelly was designed to run on hydrogen. Currently the hydrogen is supplied through storage tank but in future it may be possible to generate hydrogen from water more efficiently. The underwater robot doesn't need batteries or electricity and, thus, no problems associated with refuelling ,\" he adds.The first version of this undersea vehicle took birth in 2009 and operated on electricity. The need to keep the robot operational in the ocean for long periods of time led to the creation of Robojelly. \"The robot now works on the principle of thermal and chemical energy. When heat is applied to 'Shape memory alloys' (which serve as the tentacles) the muscles contract creating cyclic motion. The hydrogen supplied from the tank creates heat which deforms the shape memory alloys,\" elaborates Shashank.Robojelly has a broad range of applications for both military and civilian use. The vehicle will serve in performing surveillance and determining the water pollution . He says, \"because of its small appearance the device can be easily distributed to monitor the ocean. The robot can monitor the vehicles plying the ocean at any given time. It can also help determinate the condition of marine life. It will be especially useful for the environmental protection agency and the agencies which study water conditions.\"About the cost, Shashank says, \"the cost we incurred to fabricate it in our laboratory was about $10 to $15 dollars. When mass-produced , the cost would further reduce . Besides, we didn't have to use too many materials and that's owing to the simplicity of the invention.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12681690", "title": "Centre allots Rs 2.16crore to Gujarat colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The central government's decision to allot Rs 2.16 crore grant to 13 colleges of Gujarat for career oriented courses will give a major boost to students in the state, said Gujarat University syndicate member Manish Doshi.\"Centre's decision will create golden career opportunities for students in Gujarat,\" said Doshi in a release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "12683007", "title": "Country's first integrated check post starts at Attari", "text": "ATTARI: India on Sunday soft launched its first Integrated Check Post (ICP) at Attari international land border. Three buses parked at the Zero Line picked up the passengers arriving from Pakistan and dropped them at passenger terminals at the post where they were provided with state of the art immigration and custom facilities in a friendly atmosphere.The formal inauguration of the ICP is slated for April 13. A 32-member delegation of the Faislabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry (FCCI), Pakistan, arrived in India to explore new markets in the country and give a boost to trade between the two nations during the trial run of the ICP. Talking to TOI , Abdul Queum, former president of FCCI said, \"It is a lucky day, as not only have both the nations broken the ice and moved forward to provide better trading facilities but senior leaders of both the countries are also meeting today (Sunday).\"He said that strengthening economic ties would not only make both the nations economically strong but would also help improve people to people contact. \"Giving MFN status to India is now just a matter of time, besides the negative list would also go when trade will pick up between the two countries,\" he added.Chairman of FCCI, Jamail Ahmad said FCCI was honoured to be the first trade delegation from Pakistan to have arrived in India on the soft launch of ICP. He said both countries had wide markets and if wisely explored there were immense opportunities for businessmen of both nations. \"Preparations for leaving for India was like a festival in Faislabad as many of the delegates have their roots in India, even my grandfather lived in Amritsar,\" he said.He said the business delegates from Pakistan were hopeful that the meeting of Pakistani president Asif Ali Zardari and Indian Prime Minster Manmohan Singh would be a milestone in the relations of the two nations. Abidullaha Sheikh, another business delegate said that he was impressed to see huge infrastructure at the ICP. \"Sath sath dosti bhi chalegi aur tijarat bhi chalegi\" (Friendship and business will go side by side), said Pakistani businessmen Mohammad Nawaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12681902", "title": "'Disaster management team needed'", "text": "PANAJI: The methyl bromide gas leak at the Dhargalim industrial estate on Thursday has exposed that there is no disaster management plan in place at the industrial unit. The police officers who went to control the leak complained of uneasiness and burning eyes as the department doesn't provide them with face masks when they venture to carry out such tasks.The leak occurred at around 7.30 pm and the police were informed at around 8.15pm on Thursday. \"Fire brigade officials tried to control the fire and almost managed to. But there was a minor leak, which we didn't realize. At first we didn't venture close as we didn't have any kit to protect ourselves. When we were told that the leak was controlled at around 10pm. We went to the site to see what exactly the problem was and if anyone was trapped inside. But had to rush out as many started complaining of irritation, burning sensation and trouble breathing,\" said a police official.Experts believe that policemen should be wearing masks when they carry out such tasks. \"They should have soaked a thin cloth in water and tied it to their face before going close. This is a primitive measure but is essential to protect the eyes, nose and mouth to ensure that the pulmonary airways don't get affected,\" said Dr V V Pillay, head of department of analytical toxicology and forensic biotechnology at Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences and Research, Cochin, who was in Goa for a talk at Goa Medical College and Hospital (GMC).A senior police official admitted, \"We have not provided our police stations with masks to wear when dealing with such a situation. It is not feasible and we have more urgent and essential equipment to purchase.\"Agreeing that it is not the police's job to enter such zones and handle the situation , Dr Pillay added, \"There should be a disaster management committee in each industrial area and they should be carrying out the rescue and control work.\"However, in Goa except for Verna industrial estate, none of the others have a disaster management plan or committee in place.\"The larger industrial estate like Verna has a disaster management plan and team ready. But smaller ones, like the one in Dhargalim, don't. We will have to look into this,\" said industries director Sanjit Rodrigues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12685741", "title": "Many declared cured of Tuberculosis", "text": "VARANASI: Out of a total of 229 tuberculosis patients two patients were declared free from tuberculosis and three new patients were included in the 'TB Free Kashi Healthy Kashi Campaign' of Sankalp, an NGO, on Sunday.As a part of campaign the health check-up camp for the selected was organisation on the premises of Kashi Sewa Samiti where eminent Gandhian S N Subbarao also distributed medicines among the patients. According to spokesperson Anil Jain, total cure of the disease costs approximately Rs 10,000 per patient. He said over 6,000 tuberculosis patients have been cured under the on-going campaign, which had been launched in 1997.Protest: Protesting against the fee hike in private schools of the district, members of Subah-e-Banaras Club sat on a community fast at the Gandhi Park of Town Hall on Sunday. According to president of the club Mukesh Jaiswal, private schools increased the monthly fee by 15-20% every year and there was no regulation to check the matter. Members of the club also carried placards with hard hitting slogans against the fee hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687452", "title": "None believed that I was alive!: Sabyasachi Mishra", "text": "This incident happened way back in 2001. Yet, I get goosebumps thinking of it today. There have been times when I felt like laughing it off. But then again, when I walk back memorylane to think about the day, a chill runs down my spine.A student of Class XII, I was very popular in my college. My friends would rave about my dancing skills. I used to idolize Hrithik Roshan and would dress and walk exactly like the way he did. My choreography to the songs, \" Kaho naa... pyaar hai\" and \"Ek pal ka jeena\", would be appreciated by all and sundry.Then, an unfortunate event took place at the New Year's party in 2001, where a boy my age died of heart attack. News spread that it was none other than me! I was out of town on a long holiday with my family and there was no one to correct the news. This was before the advent of mobile phones. Obviously then, I was not in touch with my friends on a regular basis.Little did I know that the news would spread like wildfire. Even my friends thought that I had died! They couldn't contact me or my family members. The New Year celebrations were cancelled as they went into mourning. One of them even cancelled his birthday bash! So, imagine their shock when I joined college after the vacation. My friends couldn't believe their eyes as they hugged me and started crying. I was crestfallen. It was tough answering all those questions. I literally had to convince everyone that I was alive. I have faced many a difficult situation in my life, but none can match up to this!As told to Madhusree Ghosh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12681760", "title": "Team Anna to organize national students camp in Delhi", "text": "NAGPUR: Team Anna will be organizing a national students camp in New Delhi next month to mobilize support among youngsters. India Against Corruption (IAC) has planned a two-day camp for students from across the country to provide the youth a platform to share their ideas.IAC has asked all local chapters to make a list of students who have been 'actively' involved with Anna's movement. All costs, except travel to the capital, will be borne by the IAC though a final decision will be taken at a meeting scheduled for Monday.Ajay Sanghi, IAC Nagpur coordinator, said, \"Only the core members will be going for this camp and from Nagpur we will be sending a team of about 15 students. There is a lot of work to be done ahead of the 2014 elections and students have been one of our strongest supporters. The camp's dates are yet to be finalized because of various examinations that are going on.\"IAC expects about 500 students from across the country to participate in this camp. Ankit Lal, one of the organizers and part of IAC Delhi, said, \"The main reason for conducting the camp is to create a single platform for students across the country to interact with each other. We want to know what ideas they have for the movement and have a healthy interaction starting,\" he further said.Lal is one of the administrators of IAC's main page of Facebook and believes that social media will continue to play an important role. \"Lot of students are active on the FB page and suggestions keep pouring in.\" After this face-to-face interaction among students who have been actively involved in their local chapters I am sure things will move forward with renewed vigour,\" said Lal.Arvind Kejriwal will be attending this camp to address the students. \"On Monday, we are meeting with Kejriwal to finalize the dates and details of the camp.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686024", "title": "Giving voice-over is as difficult as acting: Sumit Kaul", "text": "Says actor and voice-over artist Sumit Kaul in an interview with TOIVoice-over is considered as one of the most challenging acts involved in film making. Hollywood, though has given due credit to this art with stars as big as Angelina Jolie , Robin Williams , George Clooney and Brad Pitt doing voice over for various movies, Bollywood still seems to be indifferent about it. Sumit reflects the same emotions saying, \"It is unfortunate that dubbing or voice-over is not considered at par with acting although it's an equally difficult task. It's an audio-visual experience where you only have your voice to emote with unlike in acting where you can use other mediums as well through which you can show your expressions.\" He adds, \"An actor's work can be enhanced a lot through quality dubbing just like a director's work is enhanced by good editing.\"Sharing his experience as a voice-over artist Sumit says, \"It was a completely different experience and a great challenge too. I had to go back to the storyboard and rediscover the basics to be able to do a good job. But it has been fun.\" But unlike Hollywood, why isn't India waking up to this art? Sumit is quick to point out the reason, he says, \"The Indian audience is a star struck lot, if they are presented with a star's voice they will take it seriously. Same remains for the industry as well. If the bigger stars promote it, then this form of art will become popular.\" He also feels India is still not completely ready for it, he says, \"Animation is also relatively new in India which is the primary source for voice-over. So as animation develops, voice-over will also have it's takers. It surely is picking up.\"We hope that the 'voices' are heard and appreciated soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "12681009", "title": "Bodies of 2 students retrieved", "text": "WARANGAL: The bodies of two polytechnic civil branch students, who drowned in the local tank on Saturday, were retrieved here on Sunday.According to the police, Jayaram Rakesh, 20, of Godavarikhani town of Karimnagar district, and R Saikumar, 20, of Sirpur Kagaznagar of Adilabad district, were visiting their relatives at Hasanparthy village in the district. The two were students of Station Ghanpur mandal polytechnic.On Saturday, they went to the Bhadrakali temple for darshan and later in the evening, went for a swim at the Bhadrakali tank. Locals alerted the Hanamkonda police after they noticed clothes and mobile phones of the boys next to the tank.The cops established the identity of the boys after making calls from the mobile phones and later, after a search operation, the bodies were recovered. Hanamkonda police have registered a case and the bodies sent for post mortem to the MGM hospital at Warangal town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12686053", "title": "Private museum houses rare artifacts", "text": "RAMGARH: A number of visitors across the country, including research scholars and archeologists, turn up everyday at the Zarina Khatoon Museum and Research Centre (ZKMRC), established on the narrow streets of Chitarpur by local man Faiz Ahmad (30), who is doing his graduation from the Indira Gandhi National Open Unisersity (IGNOU).The museum created by Faiz has hundreds of rare artifacts belonging to Paleolithic to Neolithic ages. The man has had keen interest in collecting ancient things from early childhood. Now he has the status of a popular archeologist in the state. He has worked in a research project provided by state art and culture department on the subject 'Megalithic Civilization of Ramgarh.' \"In the Chitarput museum, archeological and historical findings of Faiz were exhibited,\" said Garib Shah, a retired Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) employee and father of Faiz.Garib encouraged his son to establish the museum by providing him financial as well as moral support. \"During research, a number of archeological findings of Megalithic age were added in the new section of the museum,\" Shah added. The museum is divided into various sections such as stones, tools and pottery, manuscript and rare books and a numismatic section. In stones, tools and pottery section, there is a vast and rare collection of stone tools of various ages, which include unifacial and bifacial chopper tools, cleaver, axes and pebbles. That section includes scrappers, axes and blades of Mesolithic age. Faiz said, \"These artifacts were collected from nearby localities like Kusumdih, Chitarpur, Rajrappa, Gola and the basins of Damodar and Swarnarekha, which proves that there was a civilization on this basin in the Paleolithic age,\" he said.In the manuscript section, there are a number of rare manuscripts, including the block-printed Holy Quran of Aurangzeb. The section also has rare Arabic, Sanskrit, Kaithi and English manuscripts. In the numismatic section, there is a rare and unique collection of coins from the ancient ages to the modern age, including some rare foreign coins and currencies. Approximately 600 numismatic specimens collected by Faiz are also here.He is looking to expand the museum which he calls a small model of a great dream. He also wants to work for the conservation of ancient artifacts and some important heritage sites on the Damodar and Swarnarekha basin, which may be destroyed by developmental projects and industrialization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12686234", "title": "College rock band Electica strikes up a hit tune", "text": "BHOPAL:Despite a rigourous study schedule to follow, students of School of Planning and Architecture (SPA) took time off to pursue their passion. After successfully launching two songs last year, students of the School of Planning and Architecture (SPA) with band name 'Electica' have come up with another song 'Alvida' devoted to the outgoing students of the first batch. The song will be released on April 16. The video of the song will be release on April 29.The song is the outcome of efforts of 15 artistes, including four from the SPA, Bhopal . They played a key role in technical aspect of song recording.Students said devoting time to song recording was one of the best things to have happened in life. \"Music is my passion. I have been learning Carnatic music since my childhood,\" lead singer of the song, Anusha Matam, said. She wishes to work on more songs in future.The song has been prepared by the national integrated music society of School of Planning and Architecture, Bhopal.Song producer of the song, Abhinav Agrawal said his team members meet every weekend to work on the song. \"My team members have passion for music. Even if we have to go to Delhi for recording and other related issues, it means nothing to us,\" said Abhinav, the sound designer.About Electica, Abhinav said it is an open musical band launched in 2011. \"In just one year, the band has professionally recorded two self-composed tracks-Udaan and Sonneya-which were released in May and October last year,\" Abhinav said.On being asked about the open band concept, he said, \"It means anybody interested in working together can join us. There is no fixed and limited number of members.\"Interestingly, the Electica makes song to devote to the students' community. \"Udaan was composed for the students preparing for competitive exams. The song was designed in 6 beats and contains a blend of sitar and guitar. Second song 'Sonneya' was devoted to students, who are in love,\" Abhinav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12686504", "title": "Financial dispute claims jeweller's life", "text": "RAJKOT: A jeweller was stabbed to death by an unidentified person in broad daylight on Sunday at a complex in Shapar-Veraval area. Police identified the victim as Nilesh Pala, 35.Preliminary investigation revealed that financial dispute was the reason behind the crime. \"As per the eye-witnesses' account, the unidentified assailant had barged into Khushbu Jewellers owned by Pala and had a major altercation with him. The dispute was over some financial issue. However, it can be confirmed only after the investigation,\" said an official from Shapar-Veraval police station.The shop keepers at Vora Complex, where the incident took place, told police that they heard a cry from Khushbu Jewellers and saw the assailant fleeing. Later, they found Pala lying in a pool of blood and contacted the police.Pala was rushed to the Civil Hospital where he was declared dead upon arrival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681063", "title": "Personal enmity suspected in murder of pawnbroker", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have grilled a couple in connection with the murder of pawnbroker B Gunaram at Sri Balaji jewellers in Nerkundram on Saturday.Twenty-eight-year-old Gunasram would have been in Rajasthan had he not postponed his visit to take care of his business. His wedding was scheduled on April 22 and he had booked tickets to Rajasthan for Tuesday, sources said.Police had registered a case of murder for gain, but now suspect other motives into the incident.A senior police officer, who ruled out the possibility of a murder-for-gain angle, said police had obtained vital clues to prove that he was murdered over personal enmity. The accused could have taken away the jewels to make it appear as a murder for gain.Sources said the police grilled the couple after they learnt about the fight the jeweler had with them when they came to pledge gold a month ago. The pawn broker and the man were said to have exchanged blows in the fight.Police are also verifying the CCTV footage recorded a month ago to know whether the accused had previously visited Sri Balaji jewellers on NT Patel Road. \"If the accused motive was to escape with the jewellery he could have gone to other shops looking for the ways to loot it. So, we are trying to verify the CCTV footage of other jewellery shops on the street to see if he had gone to those outlets,\" said an investigating officer.Joint Commissioner of Police (West) K Shankar told TOI that seven teams were formed to investigate the case and they were looking at various angles and personal motive. \"Most of the jewellery stolen were just imitation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682824", "title": "UK Indian creates sensation in Europe motorsports arena", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Born to a Sikh mother from Ludhiana and a Rajput father, a top British Indian talent Akshay Luciano Bacheta (21) has created a sensation in the Europe motorsports circuit, with two thrilling back to back wins at the ongoing FIA Formula Two championship at Silverstone in UK.Bacheta, while edging out a Swiss driver Christopher Zanella, first pulled off his maiden victory on Saturday and then followed it up with a clean sweep of the honours leaving behind Roman pole-sitter Mihai Marinescu in the penultimate lap on Sunday, completing a double at Silverstone.\"It's really a proud moment for myself and my parents winning back to back races. Back home, not much people know about my Indian roots and winning the first race of the year is incredible for me,\" Bacheta told TOI over the phone from UK after winning the race.For last six years, the 21-year-old, still an unfamiliar face in India, has been making all the right noises in the world of motorsports, often being dubbed as a successor to Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton in Britain's motorsports industry.However, racial discrimination and financial troubles have affected his sporting saga , preventing Bacheta from doing the normal amounts of testing and preparation for any competitive season.\"I have had to miss a few races due to certain issues which were hard to swallow. My mother's determination kept me strong. Also, as the costs have increased, it is impossible for my father to fund me now, but we are working hard together to find backers,\" said Bacheta.Bacheta, who started his career in the Ginetta Junior championship in 2005, winning his first ever car race where he went on to score 10 pole positions and seven wins, has his eyes set on the F 1 circuit.Bacheta also told TOI that he was keen on driving at the Indian F1 circuit in a year or two from now and was already in the early stages of talks with the Sahara Force India team.\"I have been regularly visiting India, mostly Ludhiana, since I was a child, it was in India where I first drove a car on a private road! I love spending time there and everyone is always welcoming and most hospitable. I am in initial talks with Force India team and would love to drive in India,\" said Bacheta.The 21-year-old, known for his competitive nature on the track and his charming personality off it, was last year awarded the British Asian Sports Personality of the Year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682338", "title": "Supreme Court order on mining of sand likely today", "text": "JAIPUR: Those development projects which came to a halt for want of bajari (sand) will be anxiously looking forward to the Supreme Court decision on Monday as there is a desperate need to resume the work soon to meet the deadline.The Supreme Court has fixed the hearing for Monday after a team of officials from the Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) and the Jaipur Development Authority filed a special leave petition (SLP) in the Supreme Court, following a Rajasthan High Court order against mining sand from the Banas river. \"The case will be heard in Court No. 12 at around 2.30 pm at the Supreme Court on Monday,\" said Sanjeev Jain, executive engineer, JDA.\"The Supreme court decision will be the only relief for now as the cut-off in the supply has certainly made serious threat to the projects including Metro and Ghat Ki Ghuni work and the deadlines are fast approaching,\" he said.The disruption in bajari (sand) supply since March 31 has now started showing adverse effects and many have started believing that damage to the construction work due to further delay in bajari supply will be out of control. According to officials, despite several attempts in so many days, no alternative of sand has been found yet.Truck loads of bajari were brought to the city from Bikaner by DMRC but officials could not find quality suitable for use in Metro work. \"We have tested the quality of the bajari. It's suitable for carrying out small works but not for high strength works,\" said a senior metro official.\"The crusher dust is also not the complete solution. We have to mix 20% of crusher dust and 80% of bajari, so the supply of bajari is a must,\" he said.\"We have appealed in the court that mining of bajari should be allowed for government projects as they are for the benefit of public at large,\" a JDA official said. The JDA has also prepared a report that it would be requiring approximately 8.10 lakh cubic metres of bajari for completing all its projects. \"There are many projects which are time-bound and stopping work for more time is not possible. We have requested the apex court to allow the mining as the projects are for public benefit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682629", "title": "Day 3 Literate Festival: Changing music tastes discussed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The three-day of Chandigarh Literate Festival-2012 concluded with a scintillating performance by noted playback singer Rekha Bhardwaj, a recipient of the 58th National Film Award for the Best Female Playback Singer.Day-three of the fest was dedicated to contemporary and young writers, poets, authors and bloggers. Actor, writer and lyricist Piyush Mishra was the key speaker at a session, \"Theatre and Music\". The conversation was conducted by theatre personality Neelam Mansingh Choudhary.Referring to the song \"Kolavari D\", Piyush said, \"We as lyricists have to recognize that music tastes are changing, particularly of the younger generation. This is why the song \"Kolaveri Di\" is such a mega hit on You Tube, which is popular among youngsters. The fact is that we cannot ignore songs like these which have been criticized by many music industry bigwigs.\"Earlier on the concluding day, author of \"The Butterfly Generation\" Palash Mehrotra, was engaged in an interesting conversation about his book by writer Vandana Shukla.Noted poet and writer Geet Chaturvedi and author Pratyaksha Sinha had a discussion which was coordinated by Madhav Kaushik, who is the secretary of Chandigarh Sahitya Akademi. The writers conversed on their stories in the session, \"Teri Meri Kahani\".Another session called \"Collecting work: A set of short stories\" was conducted by two young writers from Mumbai - Annie Zaidi and Altaf Tyrewala. This was followed by an interesting conversation, \"English mein chalta hai...Hindi mein khalta hai\", in which literature experts Gaurav Solanki and Pratyaksha Sinha participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12683667", "title": "Helping them rediscover life", "text": "BANGALORE: All was well with 24-year-old S Vinay Kumar till the day he was diagnosed with incurable congenital glaucoma. Rough days began as Vinay started losing his vision every day and finally lost it completely in 2007. \"I was diagnosed with the disease in 2004 and went completely blind by 2007. I was working with a private firm as customer service representative and was asked to work from home as I had developed a completely restricted mobility by then, due to the vision loss. It was a dark world outside,\" says Vinay.Confined within four walls, Vinay was on the verge of a nervous breakdown, when he came across International Agency for Rehabilitation-India (IARI). \"I had lost all hopes of leading a normal life. Then I stumbled upon this organization . It was like discovering life all over again. The organization provided a personal trainer, who trained me and helped me in getting my mobility back. Right from being independent in case of nature calls to handling dishes and interacting with the outside world, the training gave me back almost everything I had lost,\" says Vinay.There are thousands like Vinay across the country, who have been benefited by the organisation's services.Registered in February 1987 under the Karnataka Societies Registration Act, the visionaries , who sketched the objectives of IAR-I , say that the organization was founded with the main aim of creating opportunities for people with disabilities so that they could be integrated into schools and colleges and gain independence.\"We wanted to come up with an organization that could provide different types of disability services under one roof. To enable people with disability to be financially strong to get into the mainstream,\" says R Anand, administrator, IAR-I .\"We are currently working with 60 villages and eight slums in and around Bangalore . We work under three guidelines: prevention, intervention and rehabilitation. Prevention is all about healthcare and preventing occurrence of disability. We organize a number of healthcare camps on annual basis. Moreover , in order to integrate physically-disabled children with normal children, we organize a summer camp every year. The camp incorporates 70 children and helps in building up their confidence,\" says Anand.IAR-India thrives on funds from private organizations along with other associations. \"We are associated with organizations like National Association for Blind (NAB), EnableIndia , National Association of Physically Disabled (APD), Modi Eye Hospital, Mahavir Jain Netralaya, along with some unregistered groups of volunteers. Apart from providing free of cost services to the needy, we also create Self-Help Groups (SHGs) to carry on our programmes at local levels ,\" said Anand.Services for differently abledFour eye-screening camps annuallyOrthopaedic appliances measurement and distribution camp (provides calipers, walkers etc)Hearing-aids distribution camp (Distributes 40 hearing aids annually in association with a German NGO, Saadhna)Summer camps for disabled kids (trains around 70 kids every year)Counselling and placement servicesConducts community awareness programmesProvides financial help to children who study in private schools26,000 benefitIAR-I has helped around 26,000 physically disabled during its stint of 25 yearsFundingThe organization depends on foreign contributors for 75% of its funds and local contributors for the rest of 25%. Contact - 9342814158.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12682322", "title": "Mamata to miss CMs' meet on internal security today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The absence of West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee may take some zing away from Monday's meeting convened by the Centre on internal security, but the presence of heavyweight CMs like J Jayalalitha, Nitish Kumar and Naveen Patnaik might keep the focus on federal issues.With the CMs likely to raise the need for the Centre to take the states on board, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is expected to convey his desire to respect the federal framework and seek cooperation of states on a host of security issues.In the run-up to the meeting convened by home minister P Chidambaram, several chief ministers have indicated that they intend to highlight the federal aspects of combating crime, insurgency and terrorism with Gujarat CM Narendra Modi writing to the PM opposing the Border Security Force (BSF) being given powers of arrest and seizure.While official sources said some paramilitary outfits already had the powers that were now being given to BSF that is charged with overseeing borders, the government is expected to point to a declining trend in violence with Naxal-related casualties down to around 600 in 2011-12 from a little more than 1,000 in 2010-11.The government is expected to point to central support to modernization of state forces and the better results of improved inter-state and state-Centre coordination on internal security. The figures for violence in Jammu and Kashmir are also a lot better with the Army able to stabilize the border and the Line of Control.While Banerjee's absence will draw comment, it is understood that she will attend the discussion convened by the PM specifically on the contentious National Counter-Terrorism Centre on May 5. The discussions on Monday, to be attended by some heavyweight CMs, can well see the informal linkage of non-Congress parties.The NCTC initiative has been blocked by a strong cohort of states like Orissa, Tamil Nadu , West Bengal, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh , Karnataka and Chhattisgarh objecting to the proposal to provide the new outfit, which is to function under the Intelligence Bureau, powers of seizure and arrest anywhere in India.Although the Centre has argued that NCTC will be bound to hand over an arrested person to the local police and the powers are intended to make sure suspects do not evade capture, the states are far from convinced. Their view is that the current system of IB working with state police forces to make arrests is good enough while critics have also noted that NCTC's essential functions ought to be a continuous, multi-sectoral assessment of terrorist threats.The West Bengal CM will be represented by finance minister Amit Mitra and according to agency reports, no reason has been assigned for the CM's decision.Conceding the demand by three chief ministers, including Banerjee, the Centre has convened a standalone meeting on May 5 to discuss NCTC implementation, which has been held up due to stiff opposition from several states.Home minister Chidambaram had said earlier this month that the April 16 meeting of the chief ministers would discuss various issues related to internal security, while the May 5 meeting will primarily discuss the NCTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683609", "title": "After the boards...", "text": "With the class XII board exams over, students have a range of options to choose from, say Zubin Malhotra and Swati Salunkhe, Education Times career counsellors.Zubin MalhotraThe end of class XII boards leads to frantic research among students to discover the options open to them. To make your life a little simpler, here's a broad overview for each of the streams.For science students, contrary to what many think, there are several options apart from medicine and engineering . For those with biology, an impressive array of courses in life and biological sciences, agriculture and forestry , and even pharmaceutical, paramedical , nursing and health sciences can be options. Add to this alternative medicine (homoeopathy, ayurveda , unani and tibia), forensic science and environmental sciences and you are spoilt for choice. In addition to the Army (for which students from all streams are eligible), science (physics /chemistry/ maths-PCM ) students can also apply to the Air Force and Navy. Apart from engineering, PCM students have a difficult time choosing from the range of courses they can apply for - from agricultural science to physical and pure sciences to mathematics and statistics; from aviation (commercial pilot) to IT and computers; from architecture to banking, finance, insurance and management; from film technology to law.As for commerce students, a graduate in this field is eligible for military and paramilitary service, civil services, art and creative design, computer applications , software development, BPOs and KPOs, multimedia , hospitality, travel and tourism, event management , law, marketing, corporate communications , all fields of management, mass communication and social work, to name a few. This is in addition to the traditional commerce streams such as CA, CWA, CS, banking, insurance, actuarial science, merchant banking, taxation, company laws, capital market, etc. Arts and humanities students demand a different type of intelligence - the ability to see perspectives , to be creative. They invariably have better communication skills and have a better level of awareness - thanks to all the extra reading they are required to do. Careers in social sciences, law, languages, psychology, mass communication, designing, visual and performing arts, and social work are just some of the many areas that they can take their pick from.Swati SalunkheNow that the board exams are over, you can breathe in relief. However , for many of you it is still 'not over' as you may have to prepare for entrance exams. Also, it is time to decide on a course you would like to pursue for your graduation. This process of deciding on a course that leads us to a career we aspire for is a crucial one. With globalisation and technological advancements, opportunities are ample. At the same time, the number of career options is also increasing. Students today are not restricted to traditional options like engineering, medicine or information technology, but have a gamut of unconventional courses to choose from. Students who opt for arts have course options like Bachelor's of Arts in economics , sociology, political science, languages and literature , and so on. The science stream opens up careers in the fields of engineering , pharmacy, medical, and agricultural sciences, among others, whereas commerce provides courses in the field of accountancy, finance and financial markets , and so on. Also, there are many students who opt for professional courses like chartered accountancy or a company secretary course along with graduation.There are certain courses that you can opt for irrespective of stream and subjects, which include law, management , mass media, hotel management, designing, social work, and so on. Also, after class XII, you can opt for courses in the field of event management, teaching , radio jockey, bar-tending , scuba diving and cabin crew, among others.It is important to know the range of courses available and also to identify which course best suits one's potential, interests, as well as personality. Also, understanding the syllabus, job-openings and work profiles go a long way in the process of decision-making.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "cast ", "code": "12687719", "title": "Devasthanam", "text": "Cast : K Vishwanath, SP Balasubramaniam, AamaniDirector : Janardhana MaharshiMusic : KarthikrajaSynopsisTwo strangers Srimannarayana (K Vishwanath) and Sambasiva (SP Bala Subramaniam) happen to run into each other by accident. Gradually they become the best of friends though their world views are completely different from each other. Srimannarayana is a devout Hindu and believes the temple is his home. He thinks serving humanity is the greatest purpose of any life. Sambasiva on the other hand is a selfish man who refuses to think about anyone outside the purview of his home. How their friendship helps them find a common ground is what the movie is all about.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12686342", "title": "Deer to be moved to other sanctuaries from 'overpopulated' Van Vihar", "text": "BHOPAL: Van Vihar national park and zoo in the state capital is awaiting National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) and Wildlife Institute of India's (WII) advice to go ahead with the country's first and biggest ever shifting of spotted deer. Van Vihar is overpopulated with spotted deer and to three sanctuaries in Madhya Pradesh.\"We are waiting for the advice of NTCA and WII, Dehradun, to take up India's first exercise of shifting 400 spotted deer (Chital) from Van Vihar Bhopal to three wildlife sanctuaries - Ratapani in Raisen district, Chidikoh in Rajgarh districtr and Ralamandal in Indore,\" Van Vihar assistant director Sudesh Waghmare told TOI.\"Such a large shifting of spotted deer has never been undertaken in the country. Park authorities have informed the NTCA and WII authorities about the shifting methodology. The plan is to shift them by road. They had some queries which we replied in our correspondence,\" Waghmare said.Van Vihar officials plan to shift the deer to other places in a bid to halve its population in the park. The national park is spread over an area of 445 hectares and is ideal to host 400 deer. However, as per the last year census the park have over 700 spotted deer. The figure is like to rise further.\"In first round we are going to take a herd of 15-20 deer only. We can't take any chance given that this beautiful animal is a very delicate mammal,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681306", "title": "Archaeology graduates fail to get jobs", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite securing an M Phil in archaeology two years ago, V Parandaman is still in search of a job. After repeated attempts to find a government job failed, he started taking up assignments from various NGOs.There are at least 150 post-graduates who have passed out from various colleges with specialisation in archaeology and epigraphy. They are yet to land a government job which is bad news, particularly at a time when a number of heritage conservation works are on in many parts of Tamil Nadu.The Archaeological Survey of India, the department of archaeology of the state, museums, colleges and tourism department are the main areas where the archaeology students can find jobs. However, when it comes to recruitment, those who study history as the main subject will outnumber the specially-skilled archaeology students. \"I don't say history students should not get the job. What I am saying is the special training that we got in subjects like archaeology and epigraphy should be given preference,\" Parandaman said.There are only two universities - The University of Madras and the Tamil University, Thanjavur - in Tamil Nadu where archaeology and epigraphy are taught as main papers in MA. Other colleges have one paper either in archaeology or epigraphy as special subjects. Except the MU, the medium of language in other colleges, including the TU, are Tamil. Many professors see this a drawback. \"If the ASI conducts a test, most Tamil medium students who appear will naturally fail. So the medium of learning is very important. Those who passed out from the MU can easily find jobs because their medium is English,\" noted P D Balaji, head, department of ancient history and archaeology, University of Madras, Chennai.However, lack of proper recruitment by the state as well as the central agencies is said to be the main reason why the archeology graduates get a raw deal. \"Archaeology is not given the importance it deserves. Recruitment to the state or central government agencies have not been happening for long due to various reasons. It's high time the government looked into the matter,\" said V Selvakumar, assistant professor, department of archaeology, Tamil University, Thanjavur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681336", "title": "Plot owner to get Rs 4.7 lakh from builder", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission ordered a developer to pay Rs 4.74 lakh to a man 30 years after he purchased a 1,000-sq-ft plot in Powai but sought a refund after he failed to get possession. In 1983, Satya Talwar bought the land from Powai Housing Development Pvt Ltd for Rs 48,000.The developer will now have to pay Talwar Rs 48,000, along with interest at the rate of 18% from the date of payments till realization of the amount. This amounts to Rs 2.16 lakh. Talwar will also receive Rs 2 lakh towards mental agony and Rs 10,000 for complaint costs.In January 1983, Talwar booked a plot and by April 1987, paid the developer Rs 48,000. The scheme could not materialize and the developer gave Talwar an option to be a member of another scheme. Talwar declined and requested the developer to refund the money. The developer agreed to refund the amount with interest at 9% per annum, but later failed to do so.The developer contested the complaint, stating it was not filed within the period of limitation. In November 2010, the district forum concluded there is deficiency in service and directed the developer to pay Talwar Rs 48,000 with 18% interest per annum. As he felt Rs 25,000 compensation was too meagre, Talwar filed an appeal in the state commission.\"Taking into consideration increase in land prices, Rs 25,000 towards mental agony is meagre,\" the commission said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683638", "title": "Save the tiger", "text": "The Shri Ram School, Moulsari Campus, hosted the annual Kids for Tigers Fest on April 13. The event saw the participation of over 20 schools across the NCR. A number of activities were conducted, including Nukkad Natak, Kabbad se Juggad and Music from Junk. The day started off with the inauguration ceremony, which introduced the Tiger Ambassadors appointed by the Sanctuary Magazine. Each school was given a food and games stall to set up and run, the proceeds of which will be used for the development of the villages around Ranthambore.Younger children participated in the fancy dress event where they each dressed up as endangered animals and delivered monologues urging the audience to save the species. An eco-fashion show was also held where participants sported outfits made out of scrap and recyclable materials.Senior students took part in Nukkad Natak. Each team presented a street play revolving around various environmental issues such as conservation, the impact of industrialisation and pollution. Recycling was at its best in the events Kubbad se Juggad and Music from Junk. The teams arrived with designs for their various projects such as periscopes to be made out of junk. In the musical display, the rhythms and harmonies created, using a variety of scrap objects were innovative and imaginative.The event was organised by a representative of KFT, Sharmistha Adyanathya, along with the student organisers , the TSRS Head of Environmental Initiatives, Sarthak Malhotra and his team.Although chaotic, food, fun and cheer prevailed while the school buzzed with excitement, celebrating a renewed zest and spirit for saving the tiger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12687796", "title": "Narendra Modi, Jayalalithaa attack Centre at internal security meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Non-Congress chief ministers, who are opposed to setting up of the National Counter-Terrorism Centre, on Monday attacked the Centre for its \"non-consultative\" approach and showing \"scant respect\" for state governments.Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Monday warned against an \"emerging pattern\" wherein the state's powers are \"abrogated\" by the Centre through passage of bills and accused it of showing \"scant respect\" for state governments.In an all-round attack on the Congress-led UPA, Jayalalithaa accused the central government of \"encroaching on state powers\" through the National Counter-Terrorism Centre which was in \"contravention\" to constitutional provisions that accord priority status to police in the State list.Addressing the chief ministers' conference on internal security here, she claimed that the Centre unilaterally decided on the Indo-US joint naval exercise in the Bay of Bengal without taking the state government into confidence.\"Lack of consultation with the states and failure to take the states into confidence is a cogent commentary on the system of governance in the Centre.\"...This is not all. Adding insult to injury, the central government did not permit the Consul-General of the US Consulate, Chennai, and senior Indian Navy officials based in Chennai to meet me as the constitutional head of the government,\" she said.Jayalalithaa, who is opposed to the NCTC, said this implies that the central government has \"scant respect\" for constitutionally-elected state governments.She also expressed the hope that the Centre follow the principle of prior consultation with the state governments, whenever such important decisions are taken by the central government.\" No doubt , it is a pre-arranged exercise according to the prescribed tenets under covenant between two countries. Even so, is it too much to expect to be kept informed?\" she askedGovt-Army tension affecting internal security: ModiSlamming the Centre over recent controversies involving the Army, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Monday said tensions between the civil and military wings are bound to adversely impact the internal security of the country.Speaking at the chief ministers' conference on internal security, Modi said, \"it is unfortunate that the present Union government has failed to instill faith and confidence about our defence preparedness in the common man\".Modi said the internal security of the country cannot be viewed in isolation as it is intertwined with the external security scenario and the armed forces play an important role in anti-infiltration and anti-insurgency which directly impinges on the internal security of the nation.\"In this context, any lacunae in our defence capabilities on account of resource constraints, demoralisation of the rank and file and tensions between the civil and military wings is bound to have an adverse impact on the internal security of the nation,\" he said.The chief minister said the Centre should take proactive steps \"to clear the fog of mistrust and suspicion\" that has arisen on account of the \"recent unseemly controversy\" and not \"remain content with mere issuance of statements\".Criticising the centre for its \"non-consultative\" approach with state governments on key security issues, Modi said the centre was creating \"state within state\" by amending RPF Act, BSF Act which take away powers from state police and meddling with subjects under the state list.He said politicisation of central agencies, including the CBI, is increasing and they are used to harass and victimise political rivals of the ruling party at the centre.\"This approach has gravely compromised the credibility of agencies like CBI and is a matter of concern since these agencies are also involved in internal security matters,\" he said.Modi questioned the claims made by the centre that 97 per cent of intelligence inputs are being generated by central agencies and only three per cent of Multi-Agency Centre inputs come from state agencies, which in turn take commensurate responsibility of information they disseminate.He said the such statements would only serve to belittle the efforts of numerous state personnel who are foot soldiers for homeland security.\"I would strongly urge that a panel of experts should review the parameters for arriving at such figures. The review should culminate in a comprehensive White Paper that will look at the modalities of intelligence gathering and sharing and lay down appropriate norms,\" he said.Modi said the centre is meting out \"injustice\" to young aspirants through its \"callous approach\" in the matter of Limited Competitive Examination, which seeks to address severe shortfalls in the IPS cadre by inducting officers of the armed and paramilitary forces.\"It is noteworthy that the Union government has even disregarded the advice of a constitutional body like the UPSC on this issue,\" he said advocating a systematic increase in the annual intake of IPS officers rather than resorting to ad hoc arrangements.Modi reiterated his earlier call to set up an All India Intelligence Service on the lines of All India Services to upgrade the quality of our intelligence wings.The chief minister pointed out that government of India should not ignore states which are peaceful and currently not affected by the menace of Naxalism.He said centre has no proactive strategy for safeguarding vulnerable off shore installations like Single Point Moorings. Modi said inspite of being assured on locating a regional hub of National Security Guards (NSG) in Gujarat during the chief ministers? conference in 2009, no such centre has been set up in the state even after three year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12682349", "title": "'Prof society owes money to suppliers'", "text": "KOLKATA: Those who attacked Ambikesh Mahapatra at New Garia Housing Cooperative complex on Thursday night were only following instructions from local Trinamool Congress leader Arup Mukherjee and Amit Sardar, a party worker.The attackers worked as contractors and building material suppliers for the complex, and were reportedly upset with the society management as they didn't get any payment for a long time. Mahapatra, as assistant secretary of the housing society's board of directors, had detected several inconsistencies in the bills submitted by them and refused to pay them unless they revised the bills. There is more to it. Some local Trinamool leaders have been eyeing the housing complex for long-term gains. A leaflet circulated by New Garia Samabay Abashan Unnayan Mancha - reportedly a Trinamool-backed outfit - mentions it as a treasure trove. The market rate of the 45-acre property is nearly Rs 100 crore, it claims. One of the attackers owns a plot in the complex.As the Trinamool leaders tried to cash in on a growing resentment among contractors and suppliers, they first tried to terrorise the society office-bearers. But that didn't work. It was then that they raked up the chain mail issue to force the police to start a case to get Mahapatra and Subrata Sengupta arrested.On Sunday, TOI spoke to two of those arrested for assaulting Mahapatra. They said Mukherjee was supposed to get money from the society, but Sardar had no dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12683730", "title": "No vote, no work", "text": "BANGALORE: Going by the developments in a few BBMP wards, it appears city corporators have got their basics of representative politics wrong. Under the illusion that they are obliged to work only for those who voted for them, some corporators have allegedly turned a blind eye to the problems faced by large swathes of their wards for the simple reason that residents from those areas did not vote for them.When residents of Byreshwara Layout, near Hennur Bande in HBR Layout ward, approached their corporator B Govindaraj complaining of lack of amenities in their area, they were shocked by the reply they got.\"Our layout has absolutely no civic amenities. No Cauvery water, battered roads, no door-to-door garbage collection facility, stinking drains and absent sewerage lines. I rang our corporator B Govindaraju and told him about the problems. He bluntly told me that he had not got any votes from my locality and thus no work will be taken up there,\" said Shwetha Tripathi, a homemaker who lives in Byreshwara layout.Shwetha's neighbours are also believed to have got similar replies from the corporator. But when TOI approached them, they only said: \"We live here and we don't want to invite trouble by speaking about him.\"\"Our corporator has not visited the layout at all. He last came here twoand-a-half years ago during the BBMP election,\" said Prabha Ramu, another resident of Byreshwara Layout.Water woes are acute in the layout and residents spend over Rs 1,000 for their monthly water requirements . With their corporator not bothered about their woes, the residents approached Padmanabha Reddy, corporator from neighbouring Kacharakanahalli ward.\"We approached Padmanabha Reddy and he got us water tankers,\" said Lakshmi Devamma, another resident of Byreshwara layout.Byreshwara Layout residents' problem is not unique. Residents of Sripuram in Vasantnagar ward too have a similar complaint against their corporator Katta Jagadish Naidu.\"He does not bother about our problems and is biased against us for reasons best known to him. The road in front of my house was dug for sewage pipeline laying three-and-a-half years ago. The pipeline work got over but BBMP is yet to asphalt the road. Efforts to reach our corporator have been in vain,\" said N S Ramakanth, solid waste management expert and former president of Vasantnagar residents' welfare association.V Sathyamurthy, president of Sanjaynagar residents' welfare association , alleged that their corporator D Venkatesh (Radhakrishna Temple ward) too has not visited their locality for several months now.\"I met him and gave him letters requesting him to take up the issue of irregular garbage collection. But they were not of much help. No public meetings have been held and absolutely no development work has been taken up,\" said Sathyamurthy, who admitted that there were better candidates in the fray in the last civic elections and not everyone was in favour of the candidate who finally got elected.\"A corporator should know that everyone has the right to vote for the candidate of his or her choice. But once the election is over, the corporator must work for the entire ward,\" said Sathyamurthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12680919", "title": "Leader of opposition spoils NCP\u2019s dinner", "text": "Leader of the opposition, Eknath Khadse, spoiled a dinner party organized by Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar in honour of newly-elected Rajya Sabha (RS) members, D P Tripathi and Vandana Chavan recently.In view of the unexpected entry of Pune builder Sanjay Kakade in the RS poll fray, an uneasy calm prevailed in the party, as it was the only one short of a huge number of votes. All along, it feared that owing to the presence of Kakade, it would not be a cakewalk for both its nominees. Significantly, Pawar stepped in at the last moment and persuaded Kakade to withdraw his nomination, to stem horse-trading. In view of the Pawar family's clout and fearing a threat to his business, Kakade withdrew.Tripathi, Chavan, Congress nominees Vilasrao Deshmukh and Rajiv Shukla, Shiv Sena's Anil Desai and Bharatiya Janata Party's Ajay Sancheti were elected unopposed to the RS.The NCP had hosted the dinner at a leading hotel in South Mumbai to celebrate the victory of Tripathi and Chavan. Since Pawar was present to felicitate the newly-elected members, many party legislators turned up, but they did not know that they would have to rush back to the council hall half-way through, to attend the bud-get session.Late in the evening, when a debate on the budgetary demands was on, Khadse insisted on voting and said he was prepared to wait for an hour. Shocked NCP leaders sent messages to the legislators attending the dinner to rush back for voting, or it would have been embarrassing for the ruling party. Khadse had the last laugh.Media bouquet for netaFor low-profile water resources minister Sunil Tatkare, it was an emotional moment when 300-odd scribes from the Konkan region felicitated him for the lead taken by him on launching work on the killer Mumbai-Goa highway. A part of the highway between Pen and the Goa border witnessed 2,000 accidents, which claimed 1,700 lives and left over 1,500 seriously injured between 2007 and 2011. Alarmed by the accidents owing to the narrow national highway, scribes from the region led by activist S M Deshmukh had launched an agitation in 2008.Besides knocking at the doors of successive chief ministers and public works ministers, the media men had even called on the Union minister for transport and urban development. Leading politicians from the region too were unable to initiate measures to reduce the accidents.Three years ago, when Tatkare appeared on the scene, he got not only the state chief minister but even his political mentor, Sharad Pawar, to take up the work with the prime minister's office (PMO). Simultaneously, he called on then environment minister Jairam Ramesh, since there was dispute over a small plot belonging to a sanctuary, and held negotiations with farmers, who parted with land for the multi-crore project.A condition of the national highway authority was that unless the land required for the project was acquired, it would not grant permission, but that was waived following the state government's intervention. A month ago, the much-delayed project took off and Tatkare hopes that the first phase will be completed in two years, against the stipulated three years.The scribes offered him a bouquet at a time when cabinet members were the target of the print and electronic media for involvement in various scams.Why no guard of honour?Revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat was surprised when there was no guard of honour during his official visit to Wardha. Since he was offered the privilege whenever he visited any district in the state, Thorat felt that it was protocol. Thorat is not known for insisting on protocol, but out of curiosity, he sought information from the district superintendent of police as to why there was no guard of honour or whether there were instructions from the higher authorities. Senior police officers explained that there was no guard of honour for a cabinet member and that there was no intention to show him disrespect.When Thorat told them that was not the case in other districts, the officers pointed to the rule-book. A few years ago, a former chief information commissioner had made it a prestige issue when there was no guard of honour. He had taken it up with the chief secretary too. A former chief secretary said it was time for the government to abandon the British era protocol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12682458", "title": "Biggest-ever state budget on the cards", "text": "LUCKNOW: Departmental heads within the Uttar Pradesh government may have till April 20 to forward their final budget estimates for 2012-13 to the finance department , but Akhilesh Yadav's exhaustive charter of demands to Manmohan Singh has already given a sneak peek into what's on the cards in the first budget of the present SP government.That Akhilesh asked for special allocations in the roads, power, education, health, drinking water supply, irrigation, flood control and social welfare sectors also suggests the state budget is likely see additional allocations in this area.The first year of the 12th Five year plan, UP is expected to target a capacity expansion of nearly 2700 mw in the power sector, apart from an additional outlay in the education sector towards recruitment of teachers and for various heads in the rural development and health sectors.With chief minister Akhilesh Yadav putting up a demand for over Rs 70,000 crore as Central share the state budget, slated for June, could be the biggest so far. For 2011-12, the Planning Commission had cleared Rs 47,000 crore for UP. The allocation was Rs 5,000 crore more than the outlay in the previous fiscal. Uttar Pradesh was also awarded an additional Central assistance of Rs 1,100 crore.Typically, the Central share in the budget contributes to about 40% of the total state budget. In 2011-12, the Mayawati government had presented a state budget of Rs 1.69 lakh crore. Subsequently, Mayawati had also presented a supplementary budget of Rs 10,880 crore. This year, the state budget, sources said, is likely to touch Rs 2 lakh crore.The budget in the current fiscal will, however, will look different for a variety of reasons. Not surprisingly, Mayawati's flagship schemes for dalit uplift are set to be dropped. In addition, allocations for parks and memorials - set up as a separate corpus 'to promote social participation and environmental concerns' - have also been dropped.Budget 2012-13 will include:Focus on the priorities of the new government. Earlier estimates will be revised and new expenditure heads will be created.Since the financial year 2012-13 will be the first year of the 12 Five Year Plan, expenditure on all schemes that were to end with the 11th plan will be stopped.Special heads will be created for those schemes that extend into the 12th plan where expenditure has already been promised. This expenditure will be included under the non-plan head.No proposed expenditure will be allowed for those Central plan schemes that have ended. However, in cases where the state government finds it necessary to run these as state schemes, they will be proposed as new schemes after being approved of by the concerned departments.Schemes in the 11th plan that have not been completed will be included as Spill-Over Expenditure in the plan expenditure for the 12th Five year plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12681972", "title": "24-yr-old dies in bike accident", "text": "MARGAO: Twenty-four-year old Volvy Dias, a resident of Sao Jose de Areal, died after the two-wheeler he was riding hit a road divider at Ravanfond junction, at midnight on Saturday.Police sources said that the deceased was returning home after a party at Varca.Benny Dias and Judith Silva, who were riding pillion on the two-wheeler, also sustained injuries and have been admitted to the Hospicio Hospital, Margao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12688849", "title": "37 incursions of Chinese forces reported in Uttarakhand: CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least 37 incursions of Chinese forces have been reported during the last five years in Uttarakhand , which has a 350 kilometer long border with China, chief minister Vijay Bahuguna said on Monday.Speaking at the chief ministers' conference on internal security, the newly-elected chief minister of Uttarakhand, Bahuguna said Chinese are disputing Indian territorial claims regarding Barahoti in Chamoli district.\"There have been several reported incursions by Chinese patrol parties into Indian territory in this area: six times in 2006, twice in 2007, ten times in 2008, eleven times in 2009, five times in 2010 and thrice in 2011,\" he said.Underlining the importance of a potent road network in the border areas, Bahuguna said the Centre has sanctioned 12 strategic roads in border areas but the progress has been slow owing to forest clearances.\"Expediting the construction of border roads and tracks is crucial especially in view of the modern highways constructed by China right upto the international border with India,\" he said.Bahuguna also raised concerns about the threat posed by the Moists in Nepal who have declared Kalapani in Pithoragarh district to be a Nepalese territory and repeatedly threatening to march to it.\"A frontal organisation of the Nepalese Maoists, the Young Communist League (YCL), is very active in the Nepalese province of Mahakali Anchal, which has borders with Uttarakhand,\" the chief minister said.The chief minister said intelligence inputs indicate that CPI Maoists have designs to deploy People's Liberation Guerilla Army cadres in Uttarakhad and intensify their tactical counter-offensive campaign in order to push the state into the \"fourth stage\" of the revolutionary movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12682944", "title": "Airline staffers steal flier's cash, held", "text": "KOLKATA: Four employees of an airline were arrested on Sunday after they allegedly stole cash from a flier on arrival at Netaji Subash Chandra Bose International Airport. Police have also recovered some cash from the locker of one of the accused.Kolkata-based businessman Abhinav Jaiswal had flown into the city from Imphal on Saturday. Jaiswal had kept Rs 2.10 lakh in his registered baggage. He was taken aback to find his suitcase in disorder on arrival at Kolkata. On finding the tag and the lock of the suitcase opened, he checked the bag before leaving the airport and was shocked to find the cash missing.Jaiswal reported the matter to the CISF personnel. The security personnel went through the CCTV footages and zeroed in on four loaders of the airline. Police was informed and a team raided the locker room of the airline. Around Rs 96,500 was found from the locker of one Nepal Turi, a loader from Kaikhali. After interrogating Turi, cops arrested three other staff. tnn - Rajkumar Basu of Gorabazar, Jyotish Das of Kamalpur and Ashiali Ansari of Salt Lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686574", "title": "Take a lunch break to some party beats!", "text": "Working professionals in Sweden are living the idea of work hard, party harder with a new concept called 'Lunch Beat', which aims to fit in dancing during lunch hours!'Is the party at noon?\" is probably a sentiment echoed in corporate corridors in Sweden as clubbing replaces 'the traditional afternoon lunch break'. Also referred to as 'Lunch Beat', the phenomenon has become increasingly popular in Stockholm since its inception in June 2010, and has spread to other Swedish cities and European countries.More about the trendDaniel Odelstad, who organises the Stockholm edition , explains that the one-hour event is all about getting in as much dancing as possible given the time constraints. There is no alcohol, but the 100-kronor cover charge will get you a sandwich! Lunch Beat began in June of 2010 with only 14 people, but the event has quickly grown. There are now monthly Lunch Beats in Stockholm that bring people together.Would you trade your tiffin for an hour of dancing?While spa lunches and elaborate spreads are a hit here, would there be any takers for this regime? We quiz working professionals to find out what they think about the concept. Taisha Oberoi, a media executive, says, \"I love the concept. For someone like me, who loves dancing, this is a fun way to feel refreshed. I generally have lunch break for an hour at 3 pm, and that's generally the time when you feel like slacking off. Dancing would help to work off any extra calories and lift my mood, which can only benefit my work.\"Travel executive Sandhya Seth adds, \"It's refreshing and you can get back to work reenergised. Also, due to our hectic lifestyles, people don't get the time to work out , so dancing will be a fun workout. Besides, when you have a heavy lunch, you tend to feel sleepy and lazy. A sandwich is a good add on as it's lighter and ideal when you want to rush back to work.\"However, not everyone is elated with the idea. Reema Singh, a marketing professional, is cautious and adds, \"I'd be concerned about whether it's healthy to dance while or just after you eat. Plus, in our city, there really isn't the time. Most of us have lunch at our desks or slip out for about 15 minutes. I'd be wary of disturbing the tempo of the work day \u2014 and jumping into a strenuous workout around meal time with no warmup or cool- downs.\"Is it a health concern?Dr Hasmukh Ravat, a cardiologist, says, \"Mild or moderate activity after lunch is not harmful, however, one should avoid any kind of strenuous exercise immediately after a meal. Also, when most people go to hotels they end up snacking on junk food. If people go clubning, a mild dance routine with a healthy diet can help them stay fit and healthy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687845", "title": "Akshay Kumar to remake Malayalam film", "text": "Akshay Kumar will be starring in the Hindi remake of a Malayalam romcom directed by Priyadarshan.The idea of remaking The Arab, The Camel and P Madhavan Nair seems to have appeared to the actor while working on Prabhu Deva's upcoming action drama Rowdy Rathore .In the past, Salman Khan and Ajay Devgn have acted in Hindi remakes of Wanted (2009), Bodyguard (2011) and Singham (2011), respectively. The films became a huge hit at the box office.\"I am making this Malayalam film of mine The Arab, The Camel and P Madhavan Nair in Hindi. That is the last film I did with Mohanlal. Akshay Kumar would feature in the Hindi remake and will also produce it,\" Priyadarshan told PTI.The movie is a 2011 Malayalam romantic comedy directed by Priyadarshan. The film stars Mohanlal, Mukesh, Lakshmi Rai and Bhavana.\"All I can say is that it's a hilarious film. We have not thought of the title in Hindi,\" Priyadarshan said.His next offering is Tezz , starring actors Anil Kapoor , Ajay Devgn, Zayed Khan and Kangana Ranaut in his maiden action thriller which also features Mohanlal in a cameo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682650", "title": "Temperature change brings along typhoid, diarrhoea", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the sudden change in temperature, typhoid has reared its ugly head in the city. And hospitals have started getting 40-45 cases of typhoid accompanied with diarrhoea daily, especially in children. \"We have been getting cases of typhoid and 10 to12 children are being diagnosed with the disease every day. With the rise in temperature, the bacteria causing it are expected to only multiply,\"said Dr Sadbhavna Pandit, a paediatrician at Government Multispecialty Hospital, 16.Besides typhoid which is both a food and water-borne disease, viral diarrhoea has also emerged with over 50-55 cases being reported from all across the city daily. \"These seasonal diseases occur with the change in temperature every year. I have been getting 20-25 cases of typhoid daily. However, this time the duration of diarrhoea and vomiting has increased to over a week. Viruses keep on modifying genetically and the virus this year is different too and is leading to increase in frequency of vomiting and diarrhoea,\" said Dr R S Bedi, a city-based paediatrician.Typhoid can be treated with antibiotics. However, resistance to common antimicrobials is widespread. \"Unhygienic food and cut fruits are one of the prime causes of typhoid. Also, sources where contaminated water supply exists must be checked from time to time,\" said Dr Vikas Goyal, a city-based physician.Doctors caution that eating outside and consuming uncovered food must be avoided. \"Also, parents get panicky and force feed the patient out of concern following loss of body fluids during typhoid or diarrhoea. This is not advisable. A child who throws up during the infection can get scared of eating food,\" said Dr Bedi.According to medicos, the right time to consult your physician is when the fever persists for over three days, there is excess thirst, the child does not accept milk feed and the tongue goes dry. \"Oral rehydration therapy is recommended for avoiding dehydration. Also probiotics are preferable over antibiotics as there can be antibiotic resistance,\" said Dr Goyal.The incubation period of the bacteria is usually one to two weeks, and the duration of typhoid is about four to six weeks. Improvement occurs in the third and fourth week in those without complications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12682740", "title": "Corporates spend less on medical bills", "text": "KOLKATA: Even as more than 40% of corporate community in this city is spending only around Rs 5000 on medicines and other forms of medication each year, most of them work without any sick leave for over a week.The unusual findings were part of the nation wide survey carried out by Assocham on the eve of World Health Day. The medical spending is just a small fraction of the salary received by these top officials and stands in sharp contrast to the World Health Organization findings in November, where over 70% of earnings by an average Indian were spent on health care.The findings also claim that a significant portion of young Kolkatans spends less than Rs 500 on himself a year for medication, a trend that is reflected in other Metros like Delhi and Mumbai. \"Around 36% of our respondents in India said they spent a meagre sum on medicines. This might not seem too shocking since more than 55% of our respondents were between 20 to 29 years of age,'' said a member of Assocham. A significant 21% of those interviewed said they spent up to Rs 50,000 on medication while another 2% informed that they had spent more than Rs 50,000 a year on medication.The report, however, does not give a certificate to corporate India as far as staying physically fit is concerned. As per Assocham's corporate employees' survey result, 36% of the sample population are also suffering from obesity. It was found that obesity alone can modify occupational morbidity, mortality and injury risks. that can lead to absence at the workplace, disability and productivity and healthcare costs.Depression, too, has been a prevalent disease among the respondents, with 21% of the corporate employees interviewed suffering from this disease. High blood pressure (BP) and diabetes also rank high in the list of prevalent diseases with around 12% and 8% of the corporate employees suffering from these diseases.Spondolysis (5.5%), heart disease (4%), cervical (3%), asthma (2.5%), slip disk (2%) and arthritis (1%) are the diseases common among corporate employees. In terms of the physical fitness, the survey found a 'major reason' leading to rising cases of obesity.It was found that around 47% of the corporate employees do not work out, 23% do physical exercise devoting less than one hour a week, 15% of the employees work out for 1-3 hours a week, 8% do exercise for 3-6 hours a week and merely 7% stay fit by working out for more than 6 hours a week.Doctors at the AIIMS Hospital in New Delhi said that dedicated workout can delay and even prevent diabetes, cancer and heart problems. \"It even reduces feelings of depression and anxiety. However, lack of exercise may increase risk factor which leads to severe headache,'' said Dr Nirmal Thakur, the chief relations officer at its Trauma Centre.According to the survey, nearly 38% of corporate employees took one sick leave in a span of 1-7 days. The absenteeism was mainly on account of acute disease like influenza, cold and flu, fever (including malaria , viral and dengue) and severe headache.While around 12% were absent from workplace for 8-15 days, 6% and 5% of the employees were on leave in the range of 31-100 days and above 100 days respectively. In this category, employees suffering with severe acute and chronic diseases like minor paralytic attack, acute liver and kidney disease, skin disease, stroke , heart disease, disk slip are included.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12685667", "title": "Firemen demonstrate skills to combat flames", "text": "KANPUR: The trainees of the fire department were told about safety techniques during the ongoing fire safety week by the fire officials of Meerpur fire station on Sunday. A mock drill was also conducted.The trainees were told about the action to be taken in case of a fire, especially while rescuing an injured person. The mock drill-cum-training session focused on saving a person who received burn injuries.Mirpur fire station officer Shiv Darsh Prasad and chief instructor, disaster management, Lakhan Shukla, gave tips to the trainees to how to save a badly burnt person or one with broken or fractured bones or a person who has suffered excessive blood loss.Shiv Darsh told trainees about the ways to rescue a person trapped in a sever line, coming in contact with dangerous and poisonous gases.Later, a fire safety rally meant for creating awareness among the people, was taken out from Meerpur fire station. The firemen also distributed pamphlets containing do's and dont's to be adopted by the people.The rally passed through a number of localities like Shujatganj, Shyam Nagar, Krishna Nagar, Ramadevi, Harjinder Nagar, Lal Bangla, Pokharpurwa, Jajmau, Cantt, Birhana road and southern parts of the city.Nukkad nataks were also held at prominent crossing while the rally was passing through.The fire safety officers demonstrated the ways to counter the smoke and flames.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687794", "title": "Not embarrassed to play sperm donor: Ayushmann", "text": "Television presenter turned actor Ayushmann Khurrana, who is all set to make his debut with 'Vicky Donor', says he is proud to play a sperm donor in the film.Ayushmann, 27, said he approached his serious character in a realistic yet light-hearted way so that he could connect to the youth.\"Sperm donation is the central theme of the film but that doesn't mean that we have made it sound like a serious issue.\"This is the reason why I am not at all embarrassed to play such a character because we have given the entire thing a light-hearted take. I seriously feel that Vicky Donor could turn out to be a national award winning film,\" Khurrana told PTI.The film will hit screens on April 20 alongside Vikram Bhatt's erotic thriller Hate Story .Ayushmann is known for incorporating the fun element in his TV shows and said that being himself onscreen is something that he has learnt right from his stunt in 'Roadies'.\"My parents have thoroughly supported me despite such a unique subject being explored here in the film. They were okay with me when I had donated sperms during the Roadies show and that too on the national television.\"They are more than happy to see me on the big screen. People have changed their thoughts and thankfully there are no apprehensions or inhibitions about something as important and topical as sperm donation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12685899", "title": "Kamal Haasan in mid-ocean when earthquake stuck", "text": "On Wednesday when a devastating earthquake stuck Indonesia and there was an urgent Tsunami warning in the coastal districts of Southern India, Kamal Haasan was in mid-ocean onboard the super-luxurious American navy ship the USS Carl Vinson as a guest of the American government.Kamal Haasan is the first Indian actor to be invited on board an American ship as a special friend of the US.\"And what timing!\" chuckles Kamal Haasan. \"There I was on the American carrier in the Bay Of Bengal 200 miles off the coast of Chennai, completely oblivious to the earthquake and the Tsunami warning.\"Apparently Kamal Haasan's American hosts made sure that the Tsunami warnings didn't reach his ears.\"I believe they kept getting intermittent warnings . But the ship's Admiral and the rest of the staff made sure I was focused on the visit rather than get into alarming digressions.I only got to know about the earthquake and the Tsunami warnings after I was flown from the ship to shore in Chennai.\"Though the maverick actor is not talking about it,his progressively close ties with the US have a lot to do with his latest film Vishwaroop which addresses itself to global peace and intelligence.Kamal Haasan shot a major part of the film in the US and has also done the film's special-effects in the US.While doing his post-production of Vishwaroop in Los Angeles Kamal Haasan was inundated with requests from top studios for a screening of the film.Says the unassuming actor, \"I haven't gone out of my way to build a rapport with the US. I call a spade a spade. I don't flatter the American ego. They often make appalling films like The Hunger Games, and then talk about championing aesthetic causes. Do they realize the impression such appalling films make on impressionable minds? In any part of the world there is one true religion, and that's success.\"Somewhere Kamal Haasan must be making the right noises for the American government to have warmed up to him to the extent of inviting him on one America's most prestigious ships to have a meal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12689333", "title": "Sharmas credit fortune to lucky 109", "text": "LUDHIANA: Whenever Anil Sharma and his family spot the number 109 they instantly have a wide grin flash across their faces. The family swears by the number, claiming that it has changed their fortunes. So, starting from their house number to cellphone numbers, landline phone number, bank account and even car registration, all end with 109. And if there is a property auction, Anil, a property dealer, is quick to participate and bid for 109 number, no matter how high the price.Anil said this \"relationship\" started in 1980 when he bought a house in New Lajpat Nagar that was number 109. \"At the time it was only a coincidence but it proved lucky for us both financially and for our family life. Ever since I realized the number's influence on us, I started making it a point that all other major numbers that we use also end with 109. I believe that my two children, who are doctors, are also well settled in life because of the number's charm. I am so passionate about it that I am willing to pay any price to obtain the number,\" said Anil. He added that observing their lives, even his brother in Delhi has started looking for the magical number.Talking about his father's passion, Dr Gaurav Sharma said, \"My father has rich collection of number 109 because it gives him pleasure and since he believes it is lucky everybody in the family also believes the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12686688", "title": "Horticultural clinics in Bangalore soon", "text": "MANGALORE: Come June, a full-fledged horti (horticulture) clinic will be ready to guide citizens in making use of available land to cultivate more vegetables and flowers. Those who want to develop a kitchen garden, rooftop garden or a farm can just step into the horti clinic of the horticulture department to get professional guidance. Qualified persons in the clinic will give suggestions and guidelines on choosing crops, planting, growing, use of fertilizer and other technical aspects of farming to common men . The clinic will provide professional guidance to farmers on increasing the yield with minimum expenditure.Further, it will help people avail benefits of various schemes of National Horticulture Mission, National Horticulture Board and the state government.The first horti-clinic with technical staff and sophisticated infrastructure will come up in the horticulture department office in Bendoorwell in the city.Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat chief executive officer K N Vijayaprakash told TOI that similar clinics would also be opened in all taluks in the district in the next phase. \"Zilla panchayat has given directions to officials of the horticulture department to set up the clinic. The clinic will be made functional by the first week of June,\" he said adding that anyone who is interested in horticulture may avail assistance from the clinic free of cost.\"The clinic in Bendoorwell will be made operational on a pilot basis and similar centres will be set up in other taluks depending on its success. A total of Rs 4 lakh has been sanctioned to set up the clinic,\" he added. A horticulture graduate and a technical person will be there in the clinic to guide on technology. They will advise on selection of crops on the basis of quality of soil and water. \"Information regarding crop diseases and measures to be adopted to prevent it will also be disseminated through the clinic,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12688827", "title": "Indore: MBA student commits suicide", "text": "INDORE: A depressed MBA student from a private college, allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself at Vidhyadhar Nagar here, police said on Monday.Ravi Jain (25), hailing from Sehore, took the extreme step last night, they said.A suicide note, recovered from the deceased, who was living with his roommate in the city, said that despite his parents' support in higher education , he was not successful in his life, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12686271", "title": "500 govt teachers yet to receive March salary", "text": "BHOPAL: Even after passing two weeks, around 500 government school teachers of the district are yet to receive their salaries for March. Usually the salary is disbursed by the second day of the month.Permanent and contract teachers working at about 100 schools in the district are yet to receive their salaries for March. They teachers include 'adhyapak' (teachers) and 'samvida shikshak' (contractual teachers) grade II and III.The district education officer (DEO) said, \"I have received a complaint quite recently. The matter shall be looked into on Monday.\"The salaries of the teachers are transferred from the DEO office to drawing and disbursing officer's account (DDO). Last month's salaries have not been transferred from the DEO's to the DDO's account, according to sources.The schools at the Ratibad, Eintkhedi and Railway Station clusters. The salaries of the permanent and contract teachers range between Rs 5,000 and Rs 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12681033", "title": "Vijay Sai's bail challenged", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief Justice Madan B Lokur of the AP high court on Sunday refused to entertain a house motion petition moved by the CBI which is challenging the bail given by the trial court to Vijay Sai Reddy , the auditor of Jagan firms.Vijay Sai was given bail on Friday by CBI Court. The court found fault with the approach of the probe agency and granted bail to Vijay Sai after 100 days of his arrest.The CBI is challenging this bail order and urging the high court to cancel it. The CJ apparently asked the probe agency to move the issue again on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12681832", "title": "Missing child's cellphone found from Surendranagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A mobile phone belonging to a child reported missing from the city was found from near Chamraj village in Surendranagar district by crime branch officials. Police have started questioning the nearby residents and railway authorities about the child.According to crime branch officials, Karthik Padiachi, 17, a resident of Soundarya Park, Khokhra, had started off from his residence for his tuition class for IIT-JEE at Vastrapur on January 27.Since then, he has been missing. After a month of his disappearance, the case was handed over to crime branch for probe. So far, police had not got any clue.\"The mobile phone was dismantled and the sim is missing. We are now investigating how the phone came here and whether Karthik had taken any train from Ahmedabad that passed from the area or somebody stole it from him. We have also announced cash reward for any information on him,\" said a crime branch official. The efforts, however, have not got down well with his father Rajendran Padiachi. \"There has been no united effort by the state police for the case. Police are now probing the possibility that he might have been abducted. What if he has left the state by now and is living elsewhere? I believe that police have lost precious initial days in paperwork and we now hope that he might return on his own,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682219", "title": "Doctor, father arrested for dowry harassment", "text": "JAIPUR: A doctor posted at Beawar government hospital, along with his father was arrested by the mahila police station (west) allegedly for harassing his wife for dowry. Both were arrested from Vaishali Nagar locality on Sunday. On the other hand, the family members of the accused cried foul saying that this is misuse of dowry law as the woman was insisting that her husband get separated from his family and live with her. They also said that she was not staying with them for the past one year.According to mahila police station (west) the victim woman, Nidhi Soni (28), was married to one Vivekanshu Verma on March, 24, 2010. The woman in her FIR complained that her husband and inlaws were demanding Rs 5 lakh and a car since three days after her marriage.\"Initially the parents of the woman attempted to sort out the things with her inlaws and had intervened during the confrontations between the husband and wife. Even Rs 1 lakh were also paid to the family. On March, 27, 2012 she lodged a case against her husband and inlaws accusing them of dowry harassment,\" said an officer of mahila police station (west).\"A case under section 498 A and 406 of IPC was lodged against her husband Vivekanshu and his father Santosh Kumar Verma (59),\" said an officer.The accused Santosh Kumar Verma is a customs officer, police said. Vivekanshu's brother Vishwendra said that his brother tried to sort out things, but his wife did not budge and insisted that he lived with her after separating from his family. \"When Vivekanshu was posted in Beawar, he told her to come and live with him there, but she refused saying she did not like the place,\" said Vishwendra Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12689140", "title": "'Trinamool not monitoring social media'", "text": "KOLKATA: In wake of controversy surrounding the arrest of a professor for allegedly posting an internet cartoon of Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, the Trinamool Congress ruled out setting up a mechanism to monitor social media.\"Let me categorically state that the Trinmool Congress never had nor does it intend to have any cell to monitor social media,\" Trinamool Congress MP Derek O'Brien told PTI.On reports that the party has established cells to monitor social networking websites like Facebook and Twitter, the party's cyber team head said, \"these rumours are being spread by those with other agendas. The freedom of the press is non-negotiable\".The party has come in for severe criticism from the opposition and a section of academia for attacking freedom of speech and expression by arresting professor of Jadavpore University Ambikesh Mohapatra last week.The cartoons lampooned Mamata Banerjee after she forced out Dinesh Trivedi and put Mukul Roy in his place as Railway minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "12686489", "title": "Woman attempts suicide", "text": "PALANPUR: A woman abandoned her two daughters, Arti (6 months) and Puja (3) near Rani-ki-Vav in Patan and later tried to commit suicide in Anawada village. She abandoned the girls on Saturday and consumed poison at her house in the village, which is some 17 km from Patan. She was rushed to a private hospital in Patan where she is said to be still unconscious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12695550", "title": "Rajamouli, Trivikram and Srinu Vaitla in the race for Pawan's dates", "text": "Call it the Gabbar Singh effect. Top directors Rajamouli, Trivikram Srinivas and Srinu Vaitla are all vying with each other to impress Pawan Kalyan. Well apparently they are all eager work with the reclusive actor. While Trivikram Srinivas has already worked with the Power Star, both Rajamouli and Srinu Vaitla are yet to work with him. The two have expressed their desire to work with Pawan Kalyan in the past.After Gabbar Singh, Pawan Kalyan will be doing Puri Jagannath's Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu. The actor is currently busy wrapping up shooting for Gabbar Singh and is expected to take a decision after the movie hits the screensSource: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12682368", "title": "Rajasthan University of Health Science enrolled medical students not in Rajasthan Pre-Medical Test lists in private colleges: Comptroller and Auditor General", "text": "JAIPUR: Candidates not enlisted in the RPMT list and admitted to private medical colleges show irregular admission in private medical colleges in the state, the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India has said.The audit report observed that out of the list of successful candidates of RPMT 2008 (session 2008-09), names of 169 candidates (134 in the first list and 35 in the wait list) were recommended by RUHS for admission in MBBS degree course run by the Mahatma Gandhi Medical College, Jaipur, against 150 seats of the college. However, only 104 candidates were admitted from these lists.Test check of the enrolment register maintained by RUHS revealed that 150 candidates of the colleges were enrolled for MBBS degree course during 2008-09 which included 46 candidates not enlisted in the RPMT lists.The RUHS instead of taking the matter with the college for admitting 46 candidates (30%) outside RPMT list in excess of prescribed NRIs quota (23 candidates), enrolled all the candidates admitted by the college. No reasons were intimated by RUHS to audit for admitting the candidates from outside RPMT list though called for.The report mentioned that the registrar, RUHS, stated on October 2011 that excluding NRI seats, only 21 candidates were found admitted out of the RPMT lists. Six candidates have been removed whereas 15 candidates have been allowed to continue as per the Rajasthan High Court decision (March 18, 2011).Also, the CAG report stated that delay in declaration of results also affected the career of the medical students. The report said that as per norms, time schedule fixed for declaration of results of examinations held by the RUHS was 45 delays after the last theory paper. CAG observed that RUHS declared the result with a delay of three to 252 days over and above the prescribed period of 45 days. The delay in declaration of results, led to non-completion of the courses in the specified time period. Even results of final years' examinations of B Pharma, D Pharma, BDS and BSc nursing courses were declared after a delay ranging from 17 days to 225 days.The report further said while accepting the facts, the registrar, RUHS, stated on November 2011 that efforts are being made to evaluate the answer sheets in the RUHS campus itself to avoid delay in declaration of results.The Central audit body added that inadequate manpower adversely affected the working of the Rajasthan University of Health Sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12683297", "title": "250 feared trapped under debris in factory building collapse in Punjab", "text": "JALANDHAR: At least 250 people were feared trapped under the debris of a blanket factory building that collapsed late on Sunday night in Focal Point area near here, police said.Efforts are underway to rescue the people trapped beneath the debris, they said.According to eye-witnesses, the entire factory building collapsed after an explosion in the boiler and it is estimated that around 250 to 300 people were present inside the building at the time of the incident.District Magistrate and senior police officials have rushed to the factory site to take stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12689160", "title": "Tasty killer: Ghee laden paranthas", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's a heart breaking news for Ludhianvis, who love ghee laden paranthas and butter chicken, but this these two lip smacking treats are proving to be a gastronomical killer being one of the main reasons for the incidence of stroke.A survey conducted by the department of neurology at Christian Medical College and Hospital suggests that Ludhiana city has the highest incidence of stroke per lakh population among cities in India with more than 155 cases per one lakh population age adjusted incidence rate. And the survey notes that desi ghee intake is the second main reason for stroke occurrence, where hypertension is the main risk factor. Diabetes mellitus and alcohol consumption are among the other risk factors.Professor of department of neurology CMCH and stroke specialist, Dr Jeyraj Durai Pandian's team conducted the survey on stroke incidence in city. The survey subjects were 1,279 first time stroke patients (60.6% men) above the age group of 18 years having mean age of 59 years, between January and December 2011.The stroke patients' data was obtained from major hospitals, scan centres and general practitioners, using separate questionnaires.Details of deaths were collected from municipal corporation. Verbal autopsy was done in 20% of non stroke deaths. The disability was assessed using modified Rankin scale at 28 days by telephonic interview.Revealing the results, Dr Pandian said, \"We found that the common risk factors for stroke in the sample were hypertension 704 (79.5%), desi ghee (clarified butter) intake 560 (67.7%), diabetes mellitus 345 (38.9%) and alcohol intake 155 (17.6%). The age adjusted incidence rate was 155.6 per one lakh which is highest ever recorded in any city of India, followed by Kolkata where the incidence rate was recorded at 145 per one lakh population. Majority of patients 780 (64.9%) had ischemic stroke.\"Dr Pandian added, \"In 475 (46.7%) patients the outcome was poor at 28 days which means their condition didna??t improve after this time duration and instead they had disabilities in walking, speaking and eating.\"The survey, which has an acknowledgement of The Indian Council of Medical Research Task Force project also found that 19% of the patients, who had suffered stroke, died within 28 days. Dr Pandian added that the conclusions of the study were that the incidence and case fatality rates are similar to other studies from India but there are differences in risk factors.The ongoing survey will conclude in December 2012. This is the first time that the entire medical fraternity of Ludhiana, has been involved collectively in a National Benchmark Research Project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683654", "title": "New rules", "text": "What will be the implications of the withdrawal of the Post Study Work (PSW) route in the UK for Indian students? Education Times finds out.Changes to UK student visas, announced on March 22, 2011, have come into force on April 6, 2012. According to the changes, the Post Study Work (PSW) route, which earlier allowed students to work in the UK for two years after they completed their studies, will close.Students graduating with a UK degree, PGCE or PGDE from a recognised or listed body will need to successfully apply for a job with a UK Border Agency licensed Tier 2 sponsor to remain and work in the UK. The post for which they are applying must be paid a minimum salary of \u00a320,000 or the minimum set out in the relevant Code of Practice.However, according to Nick Petford, vicechancellor , University of Northampton, the withdrawal of PSW does not mean that the UK is closed in terms of employment opportunities to Indian graduates and postgraduates from UK universities. Petford explains, \"There are still opportunities for graduates to apply for employment under Tier 2 work-permit which allows for graduate level employment. Also skills shortage areas are open to non-EU applicants to obtain work in the UK. Skills shortage areas are kept under constant review and updated to meet needs of UK industries for qualified employees. There are also a range of other schemes to enable talented and entrepreneurial graduates to experience employment opportunities in the UK, ie, the new Tier 1 graduate entrepreneur scheme.\"The new Graduate Entrepreneur route, which opened in April, will allow up to 1,000 graduates to stay in the UK if they have a genuine, innovative business idea, but are yet to meet the requirements of the Tier 1 Entrepreneur route. The scheme will be open to all universities which are Highly Trusted Sponsors, and the limit allocated evenly between all participating institutions. Elaborating on the change, Carwyn Jones , first minister of Wales , says that the UK government wants people who are graduates to do jobs that they have qualified for. \"This way, the talent and expertise that Indian students bring to the UK, will be harnessed in a most effective way,\" he adds.In an earlier interview (post-announcement of the new visa rules) to Education Times, Sam Murray, UK Border Agency spokesperson, had said that by closing down Tier 1 post study work, the government is shutting down the possibility for people to remain in the UK for up to two years without work, or undertaking low-skilled work.\"The government clearly recognises the contribution - financial and otherwise - that skilled international graduates can bring to the UK economy. It is, therefore, ensuring that the brightest and the best graduates with job offers commensurate with their qualifications have a route to work in the UK after their studies,\" she had said.Useful linksFor the full Tier 4 guidance, log on to www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk/visasimmigration /studying/adult-students /can-you-apply / How does an Indian student find out about companies authorised to hire overseas students so that they can start applying in advance? Students who wish to work in the UK after they have completed their studies will need to apply to an employer who is licensed by the UK Border Agency to employ skilled migrants from other countries The student will need to make a visa application under Tier 2. Full guidance on Tier 2 is available at www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk/visasimmigration /working/tier2/general/ The register of Tier 2 licensed sponsors can be found at www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk/visasimmigration /working/tier2/general/sponsorship/regist erofsponsors/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681276", "title": "Right to Education Act burden will not be passed on to students: Kapil Sibal", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the Supreme Court this week upheld the constitutional validity of Right to Education Act, the government on Sunday allayed fears and dismissed suggestions that the burden which private schools will have to bear to implement the law will be passed on to students.The RTE Act mandates schools to provide free education to 25% of students from economically weaker sections between 6 to 14 years of age.\"I do not think that will happen,\" Sibal said in a TV interview, adding, \"I think there would be ways and means to raise resources.\"Sibal also assured that government will take care to ensure education to students coming from the margins of society after Class VIII when the provision of the Act comes to an end.Asked who will pay the tab for the 25% reservation, he said under the RTE Act, schools which have not taken any benefit from the government will be compensated by the government. \"We have made the calculation,\" Sibal said.However, he agreed that this was not sufficient and said that during the 12th five year plan, the government will provide school uniform and textbooks to students. Sibal also said that the schools can raise resources from their funds if they have surplus resources and they can also tap the funds provided by corporates through their corporate social responsibility obligation.\"You have many corporates who are committed for corporate social responsibilities. Schools can actually tap their resources so that there is no burden on parents,\" Sibal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681208", "title": "Power shutdown on Tuesday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Tuesday between 9am and 5pm for maintenance work.Kovur: Kovur, Mangadu, Periypanichery, part of Gerugambakkam, Kunrathur.AlwarthiruNgr: Valasarawakkam, AlwarthiruNgr, Virugambakkam, part of - Arcot Rd, Nerkundram.Besant Ngr: Besant Ngr, part of - Sastri Ngr, Adyar, LB Rd, MG Rd.Sholinganallur: Sholinganallur, Chemmenchery &amp;TNSCB.;Siruseri: Kanathur, Muttukadu, Vaniyanchavadi, Egattur, SIPCOT, Navallur, Thazhambur, Padur, Kazhipattur, Karanai.Virugambakkam: Dasarathapuram, Saligramam, part of Arcot Rd, Vadapalani, KK Ngr, 100 Ft Rd, Kumaran Colony, Devaraj Ngr, Arunachalam Rd.Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Tuesday between 9am and 5pm for maintenance work. Butt Lane &amp; Rd, Military Quarters, Magazine Rd, St Thomas Mount Hospital, Ramar Koil St, Meenambakkam, Mount Poonamallee Rd, Airport, part of GST Rd, Nandambakkam main Rd, Wood creek county, Burma Colony, Nasarathapuram, Sripuram Colony, Alandur, Police officer Rd, Achuthan Ngr.Thiruvanmiyur : Part of - Indira Ngr, Kottivakkam, Periyar Ngr, Thiruvanmiyur east &amp; west, Kamaraj Ngr, Thiruvalluvar salai, Old Mahabalipuram Rd, Indira Ngr, Avvai Ngr, Rajaji Ngr, Kannappa Ngr, AGS Colony, Natco Colony, VSI Estate, MGR Ngr, Valmiki Ngr.Porur: Karambakkam, Mangadu, Gerugambakkam, part of Nandambakkam, Mugalivakkam, Veeranam Pump house, Kundrathur-Mangadu Rd, Madhanandhapuram.Pudhuthangal: Mullai Ngr TNHB, Old State Bank Colony, Mudichur Rd, Old Tambaram, Patel Ngr, Irumbuliyur, Vaigai Ngr, New State Bank Colony, TTK Ngr, Krishna Ngr, Sakthi Ngr, Kannadapalayam, Kishkinta Rd, Sai Ngr, Sri Sai Ngr, Reddiyar Palayam, Kalyan Ngr, Melandai St.Kandanchavadi: Thiruvalluvar St, Santhiyappan salai, part of MGR Veeranam Rd, Wireless Monitoring Station, Sandhiya Ngr, Ambedkar Puratchi Ngr, Thiruvalluvar Ngr, JJ Ngr, K.P.K.Ngr, Old Kamaraj Ngr, New Kamaraj Ngr, Kurinchi Ngr, Rajiv Ngr, Janaki Raman Ngr, Rathnamani Ngr, Baby Ngr, Taramani.Pammal: Pammal, Anna salai, Anakaputhur, Nagalkeni, Pozhichalur, Shankar Ngr and adjoining areas, Cowl Bazaar.Royapuram: MC Rd, NN Garden, Cementry Rd, MS koil St, Raman St, Thoppai St, PV koil St, Venkatachalam St, Arthoon Rd, Mosque St, Jaganathan St, Manikanda Mudali St, Andiappa Mudali St, Adam St, Maria Doss St, all Madha Chruch St, all Singara Garden St, Somu chetty St, Meenakshi amman Pettai, Tank St, Kobhi Khana St, Pitchandi St, Pannamara Thotti, Vai Kunda Nadar St, Thandava Moorthy St, Corp Model line, Appair lane, Veerasamy St, Part of Senjirayan St, part of east &amp; west, Kalmandapam Rd, NRT Salai, Venkatesan I to IV St, Amman koil I to VIII St, BC Press Rd.Mambalam: Thanikachalam Rd, Arcot St, Saravana St, Krishna St, Nellakanda Metha St, Vaidhiyarama St, Thiyagaraja Rd, Deenadayalan St, Melony Rd, Basudev St, Northboag Rd, Panagal Park, Rajamannar St, GN Chetty Rd, Saravana St, Venkatanarayana Rd, Bagavandam St, Jagadeeswaran St, Singaravelu St, Sivapratakasam St, Raja St, Radhakrishnan St, Rajabather St, Raman St, Gopalakrishnan St, Vijayaragavachery Rd, Dr Nair Rd, Gopalakrishnan St, Goplakrishna Iyer St, Nana St, Daniel St, Rajachari St, Basullah Rd, Giriappa Rd, Lodigan St, Mylairanganathan St, Usman Rd, Crescent Park St, Sundram St, Rajambal St, Giriappa Rd, Yogambal St, Singaram St, Hanumantharao St, Ramarao St, Srinivasa Rd, Ramachandra Rd, Sambasivam St, Ragavaiya Rd.Ambattur SIDCO: Koramandal Town, Mangalapuram, Pattaravakkam, Kannan koil St, Sidco north phase, Bajanai koil St, Bramin St, Yadava St, Kulakkarai St.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12682136", "title": "Monday morning blues? Have a heart, take care", "text": "GURGAON: Increasing work pressure and poor food habits, which get worse during weekends, are leading to an increase in the number of \"Monday morning heart attacks\" cases, say Gurgaon doctors.While there are many factors which can lead to an early morning attack, Cortisol, a hormone produced by the adrenal gland, also known as the stress hormone, plays a crucial role in triggering it.As stress levels at workplaces increase, it has been proven that maximum stress is felt by people on Monday mornings.\"The other factors which increase the risk of an early morning attack include increase in platelet aggregability (platelets become more sticky in the mornings and thus more likely to form a clot), increase in circulating adrenaline levels (this causes increase in heart rate and blood pressure in the mornings) and rapid eye movement /deep sleep which accelerates the nervous system , causing load on the heart and making it function faster,\" said Dr Manjinder Sandhu, Director, Cardiology, Artemis Health Institute.\"If we evaluate cardiac emergencies that come in a week, 33% of the cases have been on a Monday with 7-8% of them being fatal. Most cases happen between 4am and 8am. If a person complains of chest pain, pain in the jaw or back, accompanied by other symptoms related to a heart attack, an asprin should be given to him immediately. It is one of the most effective first aids to minimize damage to the heart while the patient is being rushed to a hospital.\" added Dr Sandhu.Doctors also point to a possible link between binge drinking, which is more likely to occur at the weekends, and sudden fatal heart attacks. Doctors believe that weekend drinking and socializing, coupled with the stress of returning to work, is too much for some people to handle. Also, according to Dr Satish Kaul, consultant, Internal Medicine, Colombia Asia Hospital, the \"Monday morning heart attack\" cases have a good number of first-timers who might have high levels of cholesterol.\"There are 50% more cases during winters as compared to summers. People not only indulge in unhealthy eating during weekends but also tend to forget to take their medicines. Lack of folic acid in their diet increases levels of homocystine in the blood. Factors like lack of Vitamin D due to poor exposure to the sun add to the problem,\" said Dr Kaul.Doctors suggest that the risk can be cut down by following a healthy lifestyle, and doing yoga and breathing exercises. Using stress-busting techniques like meditation and controlling one's blood pressure and sugar also help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683670", "title": "Learning from the masters", "text": "On a visit to Kerala Kalamandalam, university for art and culture, which follows the Gurukula tradition of teaching-learning , Poonam Jain is struck by the deep bond between the teacher and student.Inside Kerala Kalamandalam, Thrissur district , you will find both men and women learning the classical arts of Kerala - in the ancient Gurukula sampradaya. Converting the 82-year-old Kalamandalam from an academy of arts to a university for art and culture was the vision of PN Suresh, vice-chancellor . His goal was clear - the traditional method of imparting education must be preserved on all accounts. \"We requested the University Grants Commission (UGC) that Vallathol and Manakkulam's (the founders) motto be preserved, and they agreed to let us continue the Gurukula tradition,\" he says.At Kalamandalam the emphasis is on preserving tradition. The institution imparts training in Kathakali, Kutiyattam (Sanskrit drama based on the Ramayana), Mohiniyattam, Thullal (semiclassical solo dance theatre) and Panchavaadyam (temple orchestra). Alongside the art forms of Kerala, Kalamandalam included Bharatanatyam and Kuchipudi in its curriculum. Carnatic Music has also been taught for awhile, however, it became a full-fledged and independent course of study only recently.ELIGIBILITY CRITERIAWho finally makes it to these art-kalaries (open space in Malayalam)? \"Students in the ageL I G T S P O T group of 12-14 years and those who have cleared class VII are admitted for a course of study in an art-discipline ,\" says N K Radhakrishnan , head, academic programmes. The pre-metric course is called Art High School Leaving Certificate (AHSLC), followed by +2, and then an undergraduate course which awards BA in Performing Arts. Students receive training in 14 art disciplines. \"A student has to choose one of the art-disciplines like Kathakali acting, vocal or instrumental music as the main subject. S/he can select a subsidiary subject as part of his curriculum ,\" he elaborates. Students can continue to pursue PG and an integrated MPhil and PhD. Those who wish to join regular training in an art-discipline can submit applications to Kalamandalam in April. Training in performing arts begins at 4am till 11.15am with breaks. Thereafter, students learn academic subjects. The training is based on the traditional system of Gurukula and the medium of instruction is Malayalam. At Kalamandalam, 90% of the students are from Kerala who are not expected to pay for their tuitions. They, however , bear the daily expense for the mess. Till 1990 students who joined regular courses were awarded diploma and post-diploma . However , \"The diploma and post-diploma courses were stopped after Kalamandalam became a deemed-to-be university for art and culture. There are certificate courses offered under the Special Training Programme (STP) to inter-state and international students who undergo training in various art disciplines every year for a period of three months to one year,\" says V Kaladharan , assistant registrar.These students will pay tuition fees around Rs 3,000 from June 2012. Currently, Kalamandalam has four international students. Danae Dugardyn from France is learning Mohiniyattam . \"I am on a mission to travel across the world and connect with the locals through their dance forms. It's only through the music and dance that the true essence of a person emerges. At Kalamandalam, I love the teachers and the infrastructure. My fellow dancers are especially exquisite,\" she shares.Many internationally acclaimed artists in Kathakali, Kutiyattam and Mohiniyattam are the university's alumni, says Kaladharan. \"They are Padmashree or Padmabhushan awardees. Ramankutty Nair and Kalamandalam Gopi are eminent Kathakali actors. Sivan Namboodiri and Rama Chakyar are distinguished actors in Kutiyattam , the traditional Indian Sanskrit theatre. Satyabhama, Kshemavathy, Sugandhi, Leelamma and Hymavathy are renowned teachers and performers of Mohiniyattam,\" he adds.Kalamandalam has invited criticism from intellectuals for its lack of interest in taking up qualitative research. \"There should be constructive involvement from all the quarters to take up concrete research that benefit the community. Their activities are only restricted to the walls of Kerala Kalamandalam,\" says Vinod Nambiar, director , Vayali Folklore Group.The focus should also include finding employment for the students once they complete their training. \"Performers find their space, but the costume-makers and the likes find themselves in perilous grounds. And considering that most students are from lower economic backgrounds it is imperative we find alternative use for their talent,\" he rues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12682331", "title": "Startup Village to spawn 1,000 ventures in 10 years", "text": "KOCHI: Startup Village, a technology business incubator formed through a public-private partnership to promote technology startups, will rope in investments of Rs 100 crore and nurture 1,000 startups in the next ten years, said Sanjay Vijayakumar, CEO of wireless solutions startup MobMe Wireless Solutions, on Sunday.Infosys Technologies co-chairman Kris Gopalakrishnan, who will serve as chief mentor, launched the Startup Village at the Kinfra Hi-Tech Park in Kalamassery near Kochi on Sunday. It will primarily serve as a telecom innovation hub. Sanjeev Vijayakumar is the chairman of the board of governors of the Startup Village.Built on 15,000 sq ft of space, Startup Village is jointly promoted by the National Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board (NSTEDB), the Department of Science and Technology, government of India, and Technopark, Thiruvananthapuram, besides MobMe Wireless and other private parties.Kris Gopalakrishnan said the Startup Village is an indicator of the state's transformation into an industrial powerhouse. \"Kerala's Technopark is probably one of the most successful tech parks in the country, but nobody really talks about it,\" Gopalakrishnan said.He said the state has slowly been putting in place all the ingredients to build a successful entrepreneurial ecosystem. \"The four key ingredients: innovation, education, research and entrepreneurship to create a good business development ecosystem are now falling in place. This will help to change popular misconceptions about Kerala as a business-unfriendly state,\" Gopalakrishnan said.It has been confirmed that when the right people come together, the possibility of success improves dramatically. \"Startup Village is an attempt to bring the right people together in the process of incubating companies with great ideas,\" Gopalakrishnan said.Cusat vice-chancellor Ramachandran Thekkedath suggested that the Startup Village must also look at the possibility of incubating entrepreneurial ventures and ideas from older and retired professionals as well who are no less creative than their younger counterparts.The village will have a 4G network, advanced telecom labs and provide all services including legal, intellectual property and accounting help.A three-month residential accelerator programme to support entrepreneurs in developing their ideas into products has been initiated. Every company in the programme will receive $10,000 in seed capital along with introductions to network partners, venture capital firms and angel investors, Vijayakumar said.A $10-million angel investment fund is also being set up under the guidance of KPMG to invest $50,000-$500,000 in high-growth startups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12682308", "title": "Gurgaon is the new hub of criminals from other states", "text": "GURGAON: The city seems to be becoming a hub of criminals from different parts of Haryana and the country. In the past 40 days, the Gurgaon police have arrested 10 criminals who either belong to other districts or states. According to the police, 50% of them have no crime record in Gurgaon.Sample this: on April 11, the special staff team of the Gurgaon police arrested two notorious criminals, Rajesh and Anand, natives of Jind and Sonipat districts. They were caught when they were hatching a robbery plan in Kherki Dhaula. Investigators said the two were involved in several cases of robbery and extortion in Jind and Sonipat and did not have a single crime record in Gurgaon.Only two days before the two were arrested, the police had arrested two other notorious criminals, Mubin alias Taufiq alias Rama and Sabbir. The Rajasthan police had announced Rs 2,000 reward on Mubin. Officers said the two did not have any crime record in Gurgaon, though they wanted to make a beginning here. Cops said Mubin was wanted in Alwar, Tizara, Bhiwari, Jaipur and Rajgarh in Rajasthan. He was also wanted by the Rewari and Narnaul police. Mubin was allegedly involved in various cases of robbery at petrol pumps, dacoity and thefts.Early this month, three persons were arrested when they were about to rob a car. The three were identified as Khurshid and Aalam, both natives of Rajasthan, and Mahendra, who belonged to Meerut in UP.Officers said they did not have any previous crime record in Gurgaon.According to a source in the Gurgaon police, the new trend of criminals from other places entering the city and executing crimes is a matter of concern. \"Since they are from other states, they leave the city soon after after committing crime. Cracking such cases is difficult because we don't have history of their crime in Gurgaon and for that matter in entire Haryana. Fortunately, we arrested several of them when they were busy hatching their plans,\" said a senior police officer.On March 24, five criminals were arrested with weapons and a car. They were part of a carjackers gang. According to the police, the gang used to rob people of their cars on specific orders from their clients. Their clientele was from different parts of the country.All of them are outsiders and don't belong to the city. While Amol Kumar belongs to Dausa in Rajasthan, his right hand man Mahesh is from Bulandshahr in UP.According to analysts, huge concentration of high-end cars and unmanned roads have made Gurgaon a soft target for carjackers. On March 15, police nabbed three criminals who tried to rob a car on the highway. The prime accused, Babloo, is a resident of Moradabad and his aides, Pratik alias Monu and Bhupender, were residents of Alwar in Rajasthan.Police officers hold the huge floating population in Gurgaon the cause of the new trend. Good connectivity with Delhi also attracts criminals to Gurgaon, they said.\"Gurgaon is a big city and people from all states and cities live here. Many of them arrested in the recent past have no crime record here but were involved in several crimes in other places,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (Crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12683179", "title": "Is the auto sector poised to rev up?", "text": "The auto sector is often considered the barometer of economic activity in the country. By that count, the Indian economy should be in good shape right now. The record sales clocked by most auto manufacturers in recent months would translate into a high consumer sentiment and propensity to spend. However, this stellar performance belies the broader economic environment. How has the auto sector managed to turn the tables in such a bleak scenario? Can auto makers sustain the high growth momentum, translating into healthy price gains for investors ?Springing a surpriseLast year, the interest rates were rising as the central bank tried to rein in the rising inflation in the country. This made borrowing to finance the purchase of a vehicle more expensive for the consumer. Adding to the troubles were the spiralling petrol prices. Together, these threatened to put a spanner in the wheels of the auto industry's growth.As expected, the demand for passenger vehicles was adversely affected for most part of the previous fiscal year. This segment saw muted sales growth of 2.95% during April-February 2012 over the same period in the previous year, according to statistics put out by the industry body, SIAM.However, the overall performance by the auto sector, especially towards the latter part of the year, has surprised the analysts . The sector clocked a sales growth of 12.46% for the period between April 2011 and February 2012. The demand was particularly vibrant towards the end of the previous fiscal, as reflected by the record sales generated by most manufacturers. The country's largest utility vehicle maker , Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, reported a record monthly sales of 23,020 passenger vehicles, an increase of 33% over March 2011. Maruti Suzuki's domestic sales of 1.12 lakh cars in March 2012 is the highest ever monthly tally in its 29-year history. What explains the dramatic surge in demand? Experts believe that though the new product launches had a role to play in this spurt, it was triggered more by the rush to book vehicles before the anticipated hike in taxes and excise duties.Dark clouds on the horizonGiven the uptick in demand of late, is the auto sector poised to ride the momentum in the new fiscal year? Not quite. Though things have played out well for the sector so far, it may have to navigate rough terrain in the next few months. In the recently presented Union budget, the standard rate of excise duty has been increased from 10 to 12%, which will add to the cost of vehicles. Further, the excise duty on dieseldriven cars-whose length exceeds 4,000 mm and whose engine capacity is under 1,500 cc-has been raised from 22% to 24%. The auto industry has, expectedly, passed on a part of the additional tax burden to the end-consumer by hiking prices across segments. This has raised fear among analysts that the weak off-take in the passenger vehicles segment could worsen while hitting the other segments as well.There is a possibility of further hikes in petrol prices as oil prices remain at elevated levels and the government tries to rein in the subsidy bill. This could lead to a greater aversion for petrol vehicles . The price differential between petrol and diesel (around 20 a litre) is already at an eightyear high. The fuel price hike could, in turn, stoke inflationary pressures, delaying the much anticipated rate cuts by the RBI.Another hiccup facing the sector is the prolonged slowdown in demand from rural India. A decline in crop prices and poor monsoon in certain regions have led to a slump in demand for tractors and two-wheelers in rural regions . With no clarity on the timing and extent of rate cuts, the auto sector may feel the heat for some time. Says Karan Mittal, research analyst, ICICI Securities: \"Since the majority of passenger vehicle sales are based on financing , a continuing high interest rate environment is bound to affect sales.\"Silver liningDespite the anticipated gloom, the key trigger for automobile stocks could be the RBI's action in the upcoming monetary policy review. There is an expectation of a rate cut, if only a marginal one of around 25 basis points (0.25%). However, this will be a welcome boost for the entire sector as borrowing costs will also climb down substantially, albeit with a lag effect. Automakers could also benefit from a sustained moderation in the prices of key commodity inputs. The prices of aluminium have already shown signs of easing in the previous quarter on a y-o-y basis. Mittal, however, cautions that one should not read too much into this fall in input costs. \"While the inputs costs have gone down in absolute terms, a depreciating rupee still remains an overhang,\" he says.What investors can expect", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12687030", "title": "Paolo says he was kidnapped before", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bosusco Paolo may have returned home, but he continues to create headlines here in India. He has told an Italian TV channel that this was not the first time he had been abducted in this country.The 54-year-old trekker, who was abducted by Maoists from a forest in Kandhamal district on March 14 and freed on April 12, told this at a talk show, \"Le Invasioni Barbariche\", aired on La7 channel.\"It is not the first time I was kidnapped in India. It had happened earlier, but only for a few hours. I was held hostage by some local tribals, but I did not say anything as it might have created problems,\" Paolo revealed during the popular talk show on Saturday. Since then, the Italian media too have gone berserk over his \"claim\".However, details regarding the place and timing of his previous abduction were not available.Odisha police officials, who talked to Paolo for nearly three hours at the State Guesthouse in Bhubaneswar after his release on Thursday, said Paolo had not brought the matter to their notice. \"A DSP-rank officer from Kandhmal visited Bhubaneswar to ask Paolo about his 29-day ordeal. But Paolo did not say that he had been kidnapped earlier,\" SP (Kandhamal) J N Pankaj told TOI. \"We will definitely contact the Italian embassy to ascertain his claim,\" Pankaj said.Pankaj said many tribals in Kandhamal and other districts do not like the invasion of outsiders in their territory. \"So they might have suspected his intension and detained him. We will find it out,\" Pankaj said.Paolo's cook Santosh Maharana, who accompanied him to forests on a number of occasions, could not comment on the matter. \"We were never detained or kidnapped during the trips in which I accompanied Paolo. He might have faced problem in my absence,\" Maharana said. Notably, Santosh too was kidnapped along with Paolo last month. However, he was released on March 17.Paolo also told the TV channel that any attempt to escape from the Maoist custody was impossible. \"There were armed sentries all around. We could not think of escaping from there,\" he said. He also recalled the killing of a cobra two metres away from his tent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12682194", "title": "Demolitions routine, but govt not serious about saving greens", "text": "GURGAON: Farmhouses in Aravalis have always been in controversy. Every year, the Forest and Pollution Control departments carry out cosmetic demolitions in some of the farmhouses citing some violations or the other, yet the state government allows more farmhouses to come up.Taking advantage of the notification of controlled areas, which have covered more portions of Aravalis, farmhouses have been coming up in several parts of the protected zone in Gurgaon and Faridabad.\"As per the rules, non-forest activity is not allowed in the Aravali plantation area and on all the stretches notified under the Punjab Land Preservation Act (PLPA). So, why allow the farmhouses to come up and demolish them. These areas should be treated as no-go zones and no residential activity should be allowed,\" said a Forest department official in Chandigarh.Local officials act only when there is an external pressure, either from court or when they have to submit a case, the official added. In fact, Saturday's demolition drive at Ansal's Aravali Retreat happened only after a recent visit by the Central Empowered Committee ( CEC) set up by the Supreme Court. The committee had found violations.This has exposed how the local agencies are either unaware of the violations or are intentionally ignoring reports from the ground. \"How can violations like tree felling, illegal mining to build boundary wall not come to our notice when we have our people in every region? They must be held responsible,\" said an official.As per the Aravali Notification issued by the Union Environment and Forest ministry, felling of trees and construction in the notified area without prior permission is not allowed.The issue of violations by farmhouse owners comes to limelight when a leopard is caught or killed or the courts pull up the local administration. \"Several farm houses are owned by various Central and state ministers, lawyers and industrialists besides serving and former bureaucrats and NRIs. So, no one dares taking action against them,\" said an insider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12682290", "title": "Army of deer led by lion is more feared: Gen VK Singh", "text": "In a script seemingly from his own experiences since the time he took over as the Army chief, General V K Singh on Sunday said a leader must have the integrity and character to say what is right. \"Stand for what is right. One should possess integrity and character to say what is right,\" Gen Singh said while addressing school and university students in Jaipur. The Army chief was speaking on qualities of leadership. \"A leader is able to motivate people to achieve objectives. A good leader has the capability to identify people and motivate them. Managers only manage the environment so that nothing gets interrupted,\" he said.The Army's ethos and intense training enhances leadership, he said, adding that such training transforms a person and makes him take right decisions even while firing bullets. \"An army of deer lead by a lion is to be feared more than army of lions lead by a deer,\" Gen Singh said, adding, \"We require leaders who allow you to lead people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12687407", "title": "Body found in drain", "text": "DHARWAD: The body of a 30-year-old woman was found in a drain near Central Prison in Dharwad on Sunday evening. DCP (law and order) S M Pratapan told TOI that the body had injury marks on it. \"The face has been crushed with a stone making it difficult to identify. Police suspect that the woman might have been raped and murdered,\" he added. Dharwad police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12683244", "title": "Government urges carpooling", "text": "MUMBAI: While auto drivers affiliated to the Sharad Rao-led Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union (MAU) plan to hold the city to ransom on Monday, members of rival unions will ply for hire to blunt the effect of MAU's strike.To make life easier for people, while BEST has decided to deploy more than 100 additional buses, the government has urged taxis to ply short distances and pick passengers from railway stations, and citizens to carpool. Also, the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority (MMRTA) has given permission to private bus owners and tourist cab companies to operate their vehicles as public transport ones for the duration of the strike. \"We hope these will cater to the rush of passengers,\" said an MMRTA official.The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC), on its part, will deploy 150 additional buses across the state. A BEST source said the undertaking will put more buses on its feeder routes in Bandra, Andheri, Goregaon, Borivli, Mulund, Ghatkopar and Kurla.Though MAU holds sway over auto drivers in the metropolitan area,more than 20,000 drivers belong to three rival unions-Mumbai Rickshawmen's Union (MRU; led by one-time Rao confidant Thampy Kurien) and two Shiv Sena and MNS unions. So, at least 20,000 autos will be on the road during the strike. MRU's Kurian said, \"Auto drivers are being misled by Rao. They have incurred huge losses in past strikes. The memory of the fourday unrest in September 2011 is fresh in their minds.\"Leader of the MNS union Haji Arafat Shaikh said, \"We will drive in the suburbs. If there is any attempt to stop us, we will reply in typical MNS style.\"The Sena union's Anil Parab said, \"We will surely hit the roads on Monday . Who is Rao to stop us? If there is any law-and-order problem, he is to be blamed.\"About private bus operators, a senior RTO official said,\"They have been directed to charge a reasonable amount and not take advantage of the strike. The fare should be Rs 5-20 , depending on the distance.Passengers can lodge complaints against any bus or cab that overcharges.\"Meanwhile, the police have assured protection for auto drivers working on Monday. Kurian said, \"Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and police commissioner Arup Patnaik have said full security will be provided to autorickshaw drivers who will be on duty on Monday. Every effort will be made by our union to maintain normal service.\"An MMRTA official said, \"We have requested citizens to arrange for carpools to help passengers who are stranded outside stations. We have asked NGOs and activists to arrange for as many vehicles as they can to make up for the absence of autos on the road.\"Govind Sharma, an activist from Andheri, said, \"Autos are the lifeline of the suburbs, especially Andheri, which has the maximum number of three-wheelers in the city. A significant number of commuters here are senior citizens and women and children . They will be affected the most.\"Mandar Gokhale, a regular commuter , said those who are ailing and dependant on autos for travelling to nursing homes and clinics will be badly hit. The state of office-goers , who depend on autos to travel from housing colonies to railway stations and back, will not be any better as they will have to either walk for more than a km or fight for space in overcrowded buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12682389", "title": "Asharam Bapu's devotee dies in accident", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three persons, including a woman, died in different three accidents on Sunday.In the first accident which took place in Kakori police area, Ramesh Chandra Yadav, a resident of Thakurganj, stated in his FIR that an unidentified driver of a four-wheeler hit the motorcycle being driven by his son Yogesh Yadav, who was conductor with Dubagga depot. The accident took place near Dubagga fish market at 6.30am. Yogesh fell on the ground and died on the spot.In another accident, a devotee of Asharam Bapu died on the spot and three of her family members received injuries, when a bus carrying other devotees hit them in front of Lucknow University's gate number 3.The woman was identified was Poonam Gupta (35), wife of Pankaj Gupta, a resident of Bazaarkhala.Pankaj, his wife Poonam, son Vedanta, sister Shalini and mother Radharani had boarded a taxi from Charbagh and alighted in front of gate number 3 of Lucknow University to attend Asharam Bapu's discourse being held at Colvin Taluqadars' College ground. Pankaj was giving money to the taxi driver. Other family members started crossing the road to reach the venue.At the same time, a bus carrying devotees coming from Chowk, hit the family members, leaving Poonam dead on the spot. Three others received serious injuries. They were admitted to Vivekanand Polyclinic.In another accident, Ram Kishore Rawat (50) died on the spot, when his motorcycle was hit by another two-wheeler being driven by two unidentified youth at Tiwariganj, falling under the jurisdiction of Chinhat police, on Sunday evening.Rawat had organised a 'jagran' at his house on Monday. He was going to Tiwariganj for shopping. When the man reached Juggaur turn, two motorcycle-borne youth coming from other side hit his motorcycle.Rawat fell on the ground and died on the spot. The residents said that the two unidentified youth looked to be the students of a nearby engineering college. Efforts were on to nab them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12681458", "title": "Disabled don\u2019t give up, hauled to poll booths", "text": "NEW DELHI: The spirit of exercising one's right was displayed in equal measure by those with disabilities. Despite the lack of facilities for the differently-abled at polling booths, many turned up with the help of family members and helpers. Few booths also had volunteers or facilities to help them out.Wheelchair-bound H K Bhattacharya (93) was brimming with enthusiasm, almost like a first-time voter. After retiring from the Army in 1978, this CR Park resident has not missed a single election. A problem in the spinal chord has constricted his movement but he is firm that voting is a right not worth giving up. \"So many people with disabilities go out and vote, why should I give it a miss?\" said the retired colonel . Though the entry to the school building did not afford much room for movement in a wheelchair, Bhattacharya said he did not face any problem in voting.Sanjeev Kumar Gupta from the Walled City, propped on crutches, said he had come to make a change despite being aware of the difficulty he would face.People like him had come out to vote for a more inclusive infrastructure, but the booths were too ill equipped. No special arrangement had been made for the differently-abled anywhere in east Delhi. In Mustafabad, Aashima Praveen, who was moving around with the help of a walker, could barely access the booth and was helped by her husband. \"Without help, there was no way I could have climbed the stairs leading to the polling room,\" she said.At other places, officials said, the differently-abled were being helped in accessing the booths wherever required. At Adarsh Public School in Vikaspuri in west Delhi, Sandeep Dhingra (32) came to cast his vote around 4pm after spending the entire day at Moolchand Hospital. Dhingra had met with an accident 10 months ago and was not able to walk. \"It's important to vote, so I came here after treatment,\" said Sandeep, who was helped by youth volunteers in accessing the booth. The gates were opened for the car to enter the premises.A wheelchair was arranged for senior citizens and the differently-abled voters at Kalkaji. Kamala Nayyar (85), who came on her own with the support of a walking stick, was provided with the wheelchair for ease of movement.However, most of the booths lacked arrangements for the elderly. For instance, the family of 85-year-old Saavitri Devi had to ask for permission to drive till the entrance of the booth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12687074", "title": "Railways honours engineer for sincerity", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A railway engineer, who was attacked by miscreants during an eviction drive in Puri recently, has been awarded for his sincerity. General manger, East Coast Railway (ECoR) Indra Ghosh felicitated the engineer, S K Panda, on Friday, sources said.Miscreants ransacked his office and manhandled him for trying to clear encroachment near the Puri railway station last month.The East Coast Railway Engineers Association (ECoREA) on Sunday welcomed the GM's move at its zonal executive committee (ZEC) meeting at Vizianagaram.\"It is good to see the GM recognizing Panda's sincerity towards his duty. We are worried about false allegations being lodged against our colleagues, who spearhead eviction drives. Besides,\" ECoREA general secretary Bobin Mohanty said.At the ZEC meeting, the members expressed displeasure over the continuous negligence and delay in fulfillment of their demands by Railway Board. \"We will meet the new railway minister Mukul Roy and voice our concerns,\" Mohanty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12682664", "title": "Patna University signs MoU for computerization of exam process", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) has formally signed an MoU with a Bangalore-based software company for computerization of its examination process.The MoU was signed here on Friday in the presence of PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh, registrar Vinhas Kumar Yadav, development officer Sanjay Kumar Sinha and examination controller Binay Soren, and company executives Raghav Narain and Santosh Rastogi.To start with, the company would process the results of about 12,000 Degree Part I honours examinations of arts, science and commerce streams to be held shortly. From the next year, the examination works of all the courses of PU would be entrusted to this company.PU computer centre in-charge K P Singh on Sunday said that all the coded answer-books of examinees would be scanned and uploaded on computers. Examiners having their own codes would be handed over the computers for evaluation. The examination results of students would be published within two to three days of evaluation of answer-books, he said.Day-care centres: For the first time, taking advantage of the UGC's innovative scheme, some girls' colleges of PU are going to set up day-care centres on their respective college premises for the benefit of their faculty members, employees and students. Women's Training College has taken a lead and will be setting up this centre on Tuesday. Such centre will also be set up at Magadh Mahila College shortly.Women's Training College is set to become the first institution in the city with such a centre for the children of its teachers and other employees. Students with children, too, can avail themselves of this benefit. This centre would take full care of children in a cozy atmosphere. The centre is likely to check absenteeism among the teachers or students having small children and none to look after them at homes.According to UGC guidelines, a day-care centre should be located away from staircase, toilets, lifts and traffic and should be spread over across at least 800 sq ft. The UGC has provided a one-time grant of Rs 2 lakh to the college for opening such a centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12685539", "title": "Chain snatching incidents on rise again", "text": "VADODARA: Incidents of chain snatching have come to haunt the city police again. After a brief lull, the gangs have started to target women in different areas and are getting bolder by the day.If a gang snatched gold chain of a woman right outside her house in Karelibaug last week, another duo targeted a woman in a residential colony in Subhanpura on Saturday night. Sejal Dave, a resident of Subhanpura, was passing through Shreynagar Society with her daughter when two persons approached her.The duo was travelling on a motorbike. \"They came from behind and snatched the gold chain of Dave. Before she could react they fled from the spot,\" said police. She lost her gold chain worth Rs 30,000. The city police has been trying hard to bust such gangs but has so far failed on most occasions. A septuagenarian has even started an agitation against the police and wants compensation from government for the victims of chain snatching.However, city police commissioner Satish Sharma said during a media briefing some days ago that the incidents of chain snatching have been less compared to the same period last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12685601", "title": "Opposition gears up for Baroda Cricket Association polls, eyes top posts", "text": "VADODARA: With Samarjitsinh Gaekwad pulling out of the race for Baroda Cricket Association (BCA) president, the opposition camp has decided to give its best shot for the top posts.Unlike in the past, their focus this time will be on the president's post too. The opposition had been waiting to devise its strategy for last few days as it had expected Gaekwad to contest as president.But, they have now started raising contentious issues like cricket stadium project, delayed annual general meetings (AGMs) and loss of crores of rupees in the land deals in a bid target BCA president Chirayu Amin.\"We have decided to focus our energies on president, vice-president and treasurer's posts. With Gaekwad and Amin joining hands, it will be an uphill task for us. But we are prepared to campaign and bring awareness about the management's failures among the voters,\" said Sheetal Mehta of the opposition camp. Former VMC standing committee chairman Shailesh Nagarsheth will be contesting for president's post against Amin. It is for the first time in the last decade that the opposition has fielded candidate for president's post. Many, though, believe that the polls would be a formality as the opposition has not been able to garner considerable votes in the past. On Sunday, two of the opposition candidates pulled out of the race for honorary secretary. Both Cecil Williams and Dashrath Pardesi withdrew their forms.Sanjay Patel and Sachin Davli are the management's candidates for the secretary's post. It is learnt that the management promised to accommodate Williams and Pardesi in the association. \"We are happy that the management has decided to accommodate our two candidates. After all our fight is for inclusive and clean administration,\" Mehta told TOI.The opposition group is also planning to take legal advice over the delayed clearing of annual accounts and polls on Monday. \"The management had made promises for efficient and transparent administration. But it has not been producing annual accounts on time. They are yet to produce annual accounts of 2010-11 when the AGM is being held for 2012-13. Also, there is no clarity over crores of rupees paid towards a land deal,\" said advocate Jayesh Verma, who is contesting for the post of treasurer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12682056", "title": "Leopard found dead in Ashti", "text": "WARDHA: A four-year-old leopard was found dead on the bank of Bakari river near Sindhivihiri village in Ashti tehsil on Saturday. Suspecting it to be a case of poisoning, forest department lodged a complaint against a farmer Shaligram Ikhar at Talegaon police station.Forest officials Suresh Kolhe and Ghanshyam Tak found the leopard carcass while they were patrolling the area. The officials said that the carcass was one day old and the body had swelled considerably.Wardha DFO P Chavan said, \"Ikhar's farm is near the spot where the leopard was found dead. A buffalo calf too was also found dead. We suspect the leopard was poisoned to death through the calf. However, the post-mortem report will bare the truth.\"Forest officials are awaiting the post-mortem report. Meanwhile, after the complaint was lodged the Talegaon police have arrested the farmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12682381", "title": "Undertrial found dead inside Lucknow jail", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another case of death in jail, body of a 61-year-old undertrial inmate was found hanging inside the toilet of a barrack on Sunday morning. The police and jail authorities believe that the inmate, identified as Ram Das, committed suicide. He was not keeping well and his trial in a murder case was going on for the past 21 years.Das was a resident of Amritnagar locality in Farrukhabad district and had been at the District Jail, Lucknow, since August 4, 2011, according to jail superintendent Dadhiram. His trial in the murder case in Amritnagar, Farrukhabad, had been going on for the past 21 years. The FIR in the matter was registered in 1991, Dadhiram said.This is the third case of death inside Lucknow jail in the past 10 months. On June 22, 2011, the body of Lucknow's deputy CMO YS Sachan was found hanging inside the toilet of the jail hospital here. He was an accused in the NRHM scam and police said he also masterminded the killing of his two bosses. The CBI is now probing the case on the order of he high court. Then on September 21, 2011, another inmate of Lucknow jail, Prem Kumar, allegedly hanged himself.Das's body was found hanging in the toilet of the closed barrack number 89 of circle 3, popularly called night toilets early Sunday morning. Although no suicide note was found, based on the circumstantial evidence at the site, jail officials and police say that it looked to be a case of suicide. Anything concrete though could be said only after the post-mortem report is received, said DIG, Jails, Lucknow, Sharad Kulshrestha.According to reports, as a daily routine when the jail guards went to open the barracks, they found Ram Das hanging by a piece of cloth which had been tied to a ventilator from the side of the second bathroom. Normally, each barrack has two bathrooms, the jail superintendent confirmed. It appeared that Ram Das had tied the piece of cloth from the ventilator from the second bathroom and had taken it to the side of the next bathroom and hanged himself.Since the time Das came to the jail, he had been admitted to jail hospital for around three out of the total eight months he had been here, the jail superintendent said. Besides, he had been referred to Balrampur Hospital also at least half-a-dozen times, he said. Finally he was diagnosed with some throat infection, the jail superintendent further confirmed.Strangely, his son Sunny was also cooling his heals in the same jail in a case of cycle theft. He had been here for the past around four days, jail officials confirmed and added he told the officials that his father did meet him on Saturday but looked more or less normal.The police said that the matter was being further investigated and the body was removed from the barrack bathroom in front of a magistrate.In September 2011, Prem Kumar, a 40-year-old inmate was found hanging by a towel from a door on the staircase of the jail. He was convicted for culpable homicide.Earlier, on June 22, 2011, deputy CMO of family welfare department Dr Yogendra Singh Sachan was found dead in mysterious circumstances inside the jail.While all circumstantial evidences and postmortem report had indicated that Sachan was totured to death, the CBI is yet to reach any conclusion. Dr Sachan was accused in the murder of two CMOs and NRHM scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12682503", "title": "Seven cinema theatre staff arrested in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: City police arrested seven persons, including a cinema theatre manager, on charges of cheating and assaulting a person when he demanded to know why tickets were being sold at a higher price.Alagar (41) from New Ellis Nagar had gone to watch a movie at a theatre named Tamil in New Natham Road on Saturday night. To his shock, he found that the theatre staff was charging higher prices, compared to what was listed. When he demanded an explanation, he was verbally abused and assaulted by the theatre manager and the staff. Alagar registered a complaint with the Tallakulam police, based on which commissioner of police, P Kannappan ordered an enquiry.The inquiry revealed that the theatre staff was forging the tickets. Instead of providing printed tickets with the commercial taxes department seal , they were issuing computer printed tickets. They were also increasing the price to the tune of Rs 100 for tickets worth Rs 40 and Rs 150 for tickets worth Rs 50.Based on the investigation, police arrested theatre manager Mani alias Manikandan, cashier Kamalaiappan (58), ticket examiners Kodi Vairavan (32) and Lourdu Antony (36), counter salesmen Sendil Kumar (32) and Prabu Kumar (26) and other staff Sundaravelu (22). Police sources said that all the seven were arrested under charges of cheating, assaulting and also for threatening to kill the complainant. Police are also on the lookout for theatre owner Minnal Kodi, a DMK functionary. He was earlier arrested on various land grabbing charges. Police also seized Rs 1.52 lakh from the theatre, money which was realised by hiking the ticket charges, they said.During the release of new movies, it was a regular complaint amongst people that the theatre was charging them extra money for the tickets.All the eatables in the theatre premises were also sold above their maximum retail price. Reluctant to spoil the mood of entertainment, people did not register any complaint with the police department. The complaint lodged by Alagar proved such malpractices in the theatres.The police department has warned stringent action against theatres indulging in such malpractices and evading entertainment tax through the issuing of computer printed tickets without the commercial taxes department seal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12682076", "title": "787 training for AI pilots irks IA crew", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unresolved merger issues of erstwhile Air India and Indian Airlines have put a question mark on whether even the recently approved Rs 30,000-crore bailout for the national carrier would be able to save the airline. Since the government has allowed the airline to acquire 27 Boeing 787 Dreamliners, it is sending 32 pilots of erstwhile AI for being trained to fly this brand new aircraft - leading to serious turbulence in the merged carrier.Pilots of erstwhile Indian Airlines are up in arms at being overlooked to fly the Dreamliner and have taken up the issue with aviation secretary Nasim Zaidi and AI chief Rohit Nandan. The Indian Commercial Pilots' Association (ICPA), union of IA pilots, has pointed out to the ministry how this move will cost the exchequer dear. While expressing restraint, they do not rule out strong action unless this anomaly is sorted out at the earliest.\"If AI and IA are indeed one airline now then equal career growth opportunity has to be given to pilots of both the carriers. Forget neglecting us, the list of AI pilots prepared for the very expensive 787 training has some shocking inclusions. Controversial names like Captain N K Beri (who was removed as OSD to an earlier CMD) form part of it,\" said sources.The ICPA pointed out to the government some pilots like Beri being sent for the training could be above the commercially viable age limit of 53 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12685566", "title": "Dhamma Sanskriti Sangam organises seminar", "text": "VARANASI: A day-long national seminar on 'significance of all-religion coordination in world peace and prosperity and security in India', organised by Dhamma Sanskriti Sangam (Dhamma based cultures meet) was organised at Vishwa Samvad Kendra, Lanka on Sunday.Inaugurating the seminar, Prof Nawang Samten, vice chancellor, Central University of Tibetan Studies (CUTS) said that India is blessed with cultural diversity and it has preserved its rich history and heritage by maintaining communal harmony. There is an open communication between people following different religion, which is a key of trust and peace, he added on the occasion.A number of key speakers representing different communities including Mufti Abdul Batin Nomani, Father Anand, Indresh Kumar (excutive member, RSS) amongst others also presented their views on the occasion.EOM/Naveen", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12682074", "title": "City Limo group\u2019s properties worth Rs 13 crore attached", "text": "MUMBAI: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) recently attached eight properties of City Group and its chairman Sayed Masood.City Group's companies, City Limouzine and City Realcom, had duped thousands of people across the country by promising unrealistic returns on their investments through various schemes. In one of the schemes, City Limouzine offered 48% returns on investments.The properties-located in Mumbai, Navi Mumbai and Pune-have a market value of over Rs 13 crore.The police had registered FIRs against Masood and other directors for conspiracy and cheating across the country two years ago.The ED then registered a case under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA). ED's case was that City Group's properties could be attachment under the Act as they were purchased from proceeds of the crime.ED investigations indicate huge money laundering in India and abroad. During the course of investigation, the ED issued a total of 14 attachment orders for movable and immovable properties registered in the names of City Group, Masood, his wife, daughter Jabeen, son Jibran, associate Seema Razakki and other companies controlled by Masood. These properties have a market value of over Rs 130 crore, said sources, adding that more attachments were likely.The PMLA adjudicating authority has confirmed 12 attachment orders and ED is in the process of taking over these properties.After being in prison for over two years, Masood was released few months ago. He submitted fake documents to obtain bail in one of the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12681111", "title": "Businessman dies in police custody", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 36-year-old businessman, who was an accused in an extortion case, died in police custody at Miyapur on Sunday. Although police claimed that his death was natural, family members allege that the victim died due to police torture.P Ram Reddy, a businessman from Aaluru in Nellore district, was picked up by Miyapur police from MGBS on Saturday at around 10pm in connection with an extortion case (crime number 175/2012) booked on April 11.Around 4am on Sunday, Reddy complained of a severe headache to his police minders and said that he was feeling uneasy. \"Immediately, Miyapur police rushed him to a nearby private hospital where he died at 5.30am while undergoing treatment,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP) at Kukatpally, PV Padmaja told TOI.T Yoganand, deputy commissioner of police (DCP) at Madhapur, informed that the victim was an alcoholic who might have taken ill upon failing to get his daily fix.On April 11, flour mill-owner and builder Nagarjuna Rao of Madinaguda, went to Miyapur police with three persons in tow, saying he had managed to nab them with the help of his workers when the trio turned up to extort Rs 10 lakh from him.Police arrested the trio - Vikas, Sandeep and Rohit - under section 385 (putting or attempting to put in fear of injury in order to commit extortion) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).During interrogation, the trio told the police that Ram Reddy had sent them to collect the money from Nagarjuna Rao. \"Based on the information provided by them, Miyapur police picked up Reddy from MGBS on Saturday night,\" the ACP said.According to police, Reddy used to work with Nagarjuna Rao some five years back and it was then that he developed an idea about his property. Although he quit Rao's employment in 2009, Reddy was back a few months later when, after threatening him with goons, he extracted Rs 25 lakh from the former.Nagarjuna kept quiet about the incident and that allowed Reddy to extort another Rs 15 lakh over the next two years. But when Reddy made a fresh demand for Rs 10 lakh a few days back, Nagarjuna refused,\" Yoganand said.Police have booked a case under section 176 (custodial death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and sent the body for post-mortem.\"There are no external injuries on the body. I have recorded the statement of Ram Reddy's father Srinivasulu Reddy, a retired government lecturer, who said he did not suspect police torture,\" the deputy collector said.Police said that the victim was an alcoholic who might have taken ill upon failing to get his daily fix", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12680959", "title": "I was kidnapped earlier too: Bosusco Paolo", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Within days of being released by Maoists who held him captive for nearly a month, Bosusco Paolo told TV channels in Italy that he was kidnapped by tribals earlier as well. The 54-year-old tour operator said this during a talk show 'Le Invasioni Barbariche' on La7 channel on Saturday. \"This wasn't the first time I was kidnapped in India. It had happened earlier as well. I was held hostage by some tribals but I did not say anything as it might have created problems,\" Paolo said during the popular talk show on Saturday.Since then, sections of the Italian media have gone to town over his \"claim\".While Paolo refused to give details of the place and time of his previous abduction which lasted several hours, Odisha police officers said the Italian never brought this to their notice while being questioned at the state guesthouse in Bhubaneswar after his release last week.\"A DSP-rank officer from Kandhamal visited Bhubaneswar to ask Paolo about his 29-day ordeal. But Paolo did not say that he was kidnapped earlier,\" SP J N Pankaj told TOI. \"We will definitely contact the Italian embassy to establish the veracity of his claim,\" Pankaj said. He added that many tribals in Kandhamal and other districts don't like outsiders. \"They might have suspected his intentions and detained himWe will find it out,\" Pankaj said.Paolo's cook Santosh Maharana, who accompanied him into the forests often, said, \"He might have faced problem in my absence.\" Santosh, too, was kidnapped along with Paolo last month but was released on March 17.Paolo also told the TV channel that any attempt to escape from the Maoists was impossible. \"There were armed sentries all around. We couldn't think of escaping,\" he said. He also recalled the killing of a cobra two metres away from his tent in the jungle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12685967", "title": "Two fire breakouts as safety week starts", "text": "RANCHI: As 31 fire stations across the state observed the commencement of the national fire safety week, there were reports of two fire breakouts here on Saturday, bringing to the fore the city's ill-preparedness to fight fire.The staff at \"The Bible Centre\" - a bookstore where fire broke out on Saturday afternoon - claimed that the emergency contact number 101 was not functioning when they tried to inform about the fire breakout at around 2:30pm. The bookstore is housed in a commercial complex on the city's main road. The flames had reached the upper part of the shop when the nearest office was contacted and the fire tenders arrived around half an hour late and managed to douse the flames caused by a short circuit.Another fire breakout was reported at a liquor shop in Harmoo Bazaar at around 1:30am on Saturday. The station in-charge at the local police station said, \"The entire shop was gutted before a fire tender arrived. The fire was caused by a short circuit.\"But the state fire department is helpless. It is known to state fire officer Suresh Prasad that they are just 50% capable at handling fire breakouts. \"Over 50% apartments in Ranchi are poorly equipped to handle fire breakouts,\" Prasad said, while adding that the situation in shopping complexes was even worse.\"There is a severe lack of awareness among people about fire safety. Compared to machinery and equipment, awareness plays a more vital role in keeping fire breakouts in check,\" he added.An annual phenomenon, the National Fire Safety week is being observed across the nation. In Jharkhand, all the 31 fire stations are organizing events to create fire-safety awareness in schools, colleges, commercial complexes and apartments. Fire stations are distributing pamphlets, fire kits and organizing mock drills for practical demonstration, especially to children.About 10 fire safety officials carry out executive programmes at important points in the city on fire safety and organize fire exit drills. \"Good fire exit tricks can prevent casualties. More than the fire itself, lack of knowledge of systematic fire exit causes casualties,\" said an expert.On Monday, the fire safety drill will be organized at Sapphire International School. The week-long initiative will conclude with a demonstration at Usha Martin factory on April 20. Such drills will also take place at Kashyap Memorial Eye Hospital, Vivekananda School and Rivrisa Apartment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12683060", "title": "George Washington is UK's greatest foe", "text": "LONDON: George Washington, who led the US victory over Great Britain in American Revolutionary War, has been named as the UK's greatest-ever foe, according to a survey which included India's Tipu Sultan and Rani of Jhansi.In the second place after the first American president was Irish leader Michael Collins , followed by French emperor Napoleon Bonaparte , German field marshal during World War II Erwin Rommel , and Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, Turkey's founder president .The top five were selected from an initial list of 20 candidates , drawn up by UK's National Army Museum's curators , to identify the country's most outstanding military opponent, The Daily Telegraph reported.The one woman on the list was Rani of Jhansi, Lakshmi Bai, who was one of the leading figures of Indian Rebellion of 1857.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12683042", "title": "Record of sorts: CPS list outstrips cabinet", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Bharatiya Janata Party might be an alliance partner in Punjab government, but the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal has taken no lessons from states ruled by it (BJP). Punjab is the only state in the country where the list of chief parliamentary secretaries (CPS) is longer than that of the Cabinet.The move is being seen as one to \"adjust\" as many as 68 BJP and SAD legislators. Out of these, 18 have already been accommodated as ministers and 21 as CPS. It is a record of sorts, even for %Punjab.Chief minister Parkash Singh Badal has stirred the hornets' nest with his announcement of swearing in of 21 CPS on April 10, up from 15 in the previous government. It has already done away with the post of parliamentary secretaries and now only has chief parliamentary secretaries.In the neighbouring state of Himachal Pradesh , which has BJP in the seat of government, CPS appointments have been quashed following a writ petition in the high court. In Gujarat, ruled by BJP strongman Narendra Modi and his 26-member Cabinet, there are just six parliamentary secretaries. Rajasthan, another BJP state, has a Cabinet of 12 ministers and no chief parliamentary secretaries, just 13 parliamentary secretaries. Haryana, which has a 12-member Cabinet, has 14 CPS.The issue has already turned controversial in Punjab with leader of opposition Sunil Jakhar saying, \"What is the point of raising almost a platoon-sized CPS when they are not going to do any concrete work? At a time of financial crunch, the government is splurging public money like this. Ironically, Badal had gone to the court against the Congress government precisely for having many CPS.\"A CPS pockets a minister's salary and enjoys similar perks,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686931", "title": "Why did Ananya quietly sneak out of Laptop's premiere?", "text": "At the premiere of \" Laptop\", Ananya Chatterjee was hardly visible. The reason was that the actor was a little jittery about what people would have to say about her performance.That she has been choosy is known in the industry. But what became a greater pressure was whether people would appreciate her performance in a film she accepted even while rejecting quite a few others. Says Ananya, \"I am always edgy at my film's premiere. Even when I got the National Award for \"Abohomaan\", I wasn't sure if my performance was very good. I got so many calls from people saying that they loved my acting.But I guess , I am the kind who is never satisfied with my performance. The same thing happened with \"Laptop\". This was the first movie I signed after \"Abohomaan\" and I knew that people would want to know how I fared. I took Sabudi (Sabitri Chattopadhyay) along to the premiere. I wanted to leave midway but couldn't because it was only proper that I wait for the film to end and return along with her. So, the moment the film got over, we sneaked out.\" Meanwhile, Ananya is gearing up to begin shooting for Agnidev Chatterjee's next. \"I am playing a sex worker who gets raped when she goes to a disc,\" she says.The recent Park Street incident seems like an obvious springboard for the movie's storyline. But Ananya isn't too sure how the script will be written. \"Only 40 per cent of the script is done. I don't know how it is going to shape up,\" she insists. What about talks that she is essaying the role that was rejected by Swastika Mukherjee? \"There have been so many roles that I have refused. Someone else has then gone on to do that role. Why should I bother about who has refused the role that I will be doing? My idea is to give my best to a movie. That's something I will do. The rest is not my concern,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12682155", "title": "34,000 teachers from state shun evaluation work", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as anxious students are concerned about their results, the lecturers all over Maharashtra have declined to show any sympathy to them. These teachers, who joined the noble profession with a view to build country's next generation, have boycotted the evaluation work from April 1 for their long pending demand regarding getting 6th Pay Commission arrears. Over 34,000 teachers, excluding engineering and medical fraternity, have vowed not to do any of the university's work, including evaluation of answer-sheets which will be affecting the students.According to NU officials, the tug-of-war between the state government and teachers coming under their Maharashtra Federation of University College Teachers Organisation (MFUCTO) would be severely affecting the innocent students as their results would be delayed. Those who appeared in their final year examinations would be the worst sufferers as the delay would open them to host of problems like not being able to appear in campus interviews and host of entrance exams.Nagpur University controller of examinations Siddharth Kane stated that evaluation work and results would be severely affected. \"We can provide up to 25% standby in form of contributory/ad hoc lecturers. But 100% is not possible. Over 2.5 lakh students are appearing in the exams and evaluating their answer-sheets without full-time teachers is impossible,\" he told TOI.He added that even the contributory/ad hoc teachers were not ready to come as agitating teachers who control college managements had warned them not to do so.Nagpur University Teachers Association (NUTA) secretary Anil Dhage admitted that the students would be affected ultimately by their agitation, but said they were helpless. \"We feel sorry for the innocent students. But this government won't listen to us without such drastic steps. If the government wakes up and agrees to our demands, we will resume evaluation work,\" he assured.Show-cause notices to lecturersThe University has issued show-cause notices to agitating lecturers who had boycotted the evaluation work which is mandatory under Section 32(5)(g) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994. \"We have served notices to 150 lecturers who have either not reported for the evaluation work or left it midway,\" CoE Kane told TOI.He added that they were contemplating such action but after government's diktat to the universities, they acted upon it. \"It they fail to reply or report within two weeks, NU will be free to take any action. In that case, even their 'approved teacher' status could be removed,\" he warned.Jail bharo stir from April 16In their next move the agitating teachers have decided to stage 'jail bharo' protest from Monday. Dhage blamed the government for the move stating that the officials from ministry of higher and technical education department were deliberately withholding their arrears. \"Till all these days, the government was citing UGC's directives. But now, even the apex body had given its green signal to many of our demands including that for absorbing NET/SET lecturers,\" Dhage said.Young Teachers' Association's Baban Taywade who had extended his support to the ongoing agitation said government had made tall promises never to fulfil them. \"But now, the agitation would not be taken back unless concrete steps are taken by the government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12688020", "title": "Male giraffe calf born at Mysore Zoo", "text": "MYSORE: Kushi, a giraffe, gave birth to a male calf here in Mysore Zoo on Saturday around 2pm.The health condition of both Kushi and its calf is in good condition, said M Nanjundaswamy, chairman of Karnataka Zoo Authority. Furthermore, a partition has been made in the giraffe enclosure for the duo to avoid disturbance from other giraffes and public, Nanjundaswamy added. The young male calf will be kept for public viewing after couple of days.In 2010, Kushi was bought from Lucknow and she had given birth to a female giraffe named Lakshmi, which has been adopted by former Indian cricketer Anil Kumble.Bisons succumb to injuries Two male bisons, who fought against each other at its enclosure in Mysore Zoo, have succumbed to injuries.The Karnataka Zoo Authority chairman M Nanjundaswamy disclosed to TOI on Sunday that a five-year-old bison died on Wednesday and another two-year-old bison died on Thursday. Though external injuries were not found, autopsy report confirmed that there were internal injuries in the stomach part of the bisons.Both of them have been buried in the zoo premises, he said. They may have been injured a week ago during a fight, said Nanjundaswamy. Following the death of bisons, their populations has come down from 38 to 36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12682545", "title": "Clerk held for bias against panchayat president", "text": "MADURAI: The district police on Saturday arrested the panchayat clerk of Kadaneri panchayat under Prevention of Atrocities Against SC/ST Act.The action comes in the wake of reports of alleged discrimination, published in the media based on a study done by Evidence, a Madurai-based NGO. The study revealed that many dalit panchayat presidents were discriminated by non-dalit vice-presidents and panchayat staff. The study also reported one such incident from Kadaneri panchayat in Peraiyur taluk of the district. Madurai SP, Asra Garg ordered immediate inquiry into the Kadaneri incident.Based on the inquiry, R Suresh (30) from Mela Kadaneri, panchayat clerk was arrested for discriminating the panchayat president K Perumal on caste grounds. Suresh had also verbally abused by calling his caste name. Garg said that investigation found that the dalit panchayat president, Perumal had to stand and run all the panchayat meetings. He was kept as mere signing authority and the panchayat clerk was found to be the person behind the discrimination.\"Any form of discrimination in any part of the district will be dealt with stringent action,\" Garg warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12681092", "title": "Osmania General Hospital to sweep clean its premises of addicts", "text": "HYDERABAD: Security will be tightened at the park near the premises of Osmania General Hospital which has become a haven for drunkards, drug peddlers and addicts. The authorities woke up to the menace following a report in TOI last month.While plans have been forwarded to the concerned departments, it could take time for the security apparatus to be put in place as the post of the chairman for the Hospital Development Society (HDS) has remained vacant for a long time. According to sources, the HDS of the OGH has the final word on the execution of any plan. However, being headless for one and half years, the HDS has not held any of its meetings and therefore all key plans are piling up pending clearance.On March 19, TOI had reported that the unrestrained access of anti-social elements to the park area, particularly in the late hours, had become a major cause of worry for hospital visitors and patients alike. According to sources, a security audit was jointly conducted by the state police intelligence department and hospital officials in August and September last year. The audit report pinpointed the security vulnerabilities at different locations and suggested as many as 22 measures. They include installation of security cameras, X-ray baggage scanner, constitution of a committee for security and safety of the hospital besides improving the performance of the deputed security personnel. Following the report by TOI, the authorities are now planning to dust up these proposals and implement them.Hospital superintendent K Ramdas told TOI that a safety and security committee has been constituted which will be meeting every week to assess the security situation. \"Instructions will be given by the committee to security contractor and guards. The Afzalgunj police have also stepped up vigilance. We will also be commissioning close-circuit TV surveillance in the hospital and its surroundings soon,\" he said in a letter to TOI.C Narendra Kumar , hospital administrator, explained that other recommendations made by the security audit report were also being studied. \"The feasibility of installing solar fencing to strengthen perimeter wall and installation of baggage scanner system are being considered. We have already conducted an exercise with experts for determining the locations of installing security cameras. We will also be considering the installation of an alarm system,\" he said. When asked why these measures were not implemented after the security audit, Kumar cited lack of funds. He said, \"In order to take up installation of the devices for security purposes, HDS has to allocate funds. Now that efforts are being taken to improve security, we are expecting funds from the society.\" He, however, could not comment on the time it would take for the measures to be implemented. Sources revealed that of all the recommendations made, only measures pertaining to the functioning of security personnel have been implemented.When superintendent Ramdas was asked about the situation of funds, he revealed that the HDS for OGH has not had a chairman for over a year now. Without the approval of a chairman the security improvement work cannot be taken up. \"We have done our bit but without funds it is hard for us to do everything. Representations have been made by me to the government to appoint a chairman,\" he said indicating that the fund crunch is unlikely to end anytime soon and that the hospital security situation may not improve desirably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12681059", "title": "Are city's tax-payers in for any relief?", "text": "In the recently-concluded Budget session, the state Assembly passed several important bills without any discussion in view of the uproarious scenes that marred the sittings. One such bill related to the amendments to AP Municipal Laws for providing a statutory backing to AP State Property Tax Board constituted by the government in March 2011.The 13th Finance Commission had stipulated that a state government would be eligible to draw its share of the performance grants for the years 2011-12 to 2014-15 in respect of local bodies if it complied with nine conditions. AP is eligible for performance grants of Rs 664.23 crore in respect of the urban local bodies (ULBs) for the next four years starting from 2011-12 financial year.In fulfillment of condition VII, the AP government was required to set up State Level Property Tax Board to assist all municipalities and municipal corporations in the state to put in place an independent and transparent procedure for assessing property tax. The board is entrusted with the responsibility to enumerate all properties.Another key function assigned to the board is to review the present property tax system and make suggestions for proper assessment and valuation of properties. Findings, suggestions and recommendations of the board are to be communicated to the respective ULBs for necessary action. The board is supposed to provide assistance and technical guidance to all municipalities and municipal corporations.However, the AP State Property, despite statutory backing through an Act, is contemplated only as an advisory body without the required powers to enforce its recommendations. This toothless body, thus, comes into being to fulfill one of the conditions imposed by the 13th Finance Commission to draw special grants from the central government.This board also suffers from other infirmities. The board consists of a chairperson and five other members, who include commissioner and director of municipal administration (CDMA) as ex-officio vice-chairperson, secretary to government, information technology and communications department, an expert in the valuation of buildings and lands for assessment of property tax, president of AP Chamber of Municipal Chairmen and an official of the rank of additional director of municipal administration as member-secretary.Conspicuously, there is no representation for the mayors of 15 municipal corporations in the state on the State Property Tax Board. The fact is that these municipal corporations account for almost two-thirds of the population of all ULBs in the state. All the municipalities put together comprise only one-third of the urban population. The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation, the premier civic body of the state capital, has no one to represent it on the board.The Bill enacted by the state legislature provides for the chairperson, who \"shall be a person who has held the office of judge of high court.\" The chairperson and board members are to be nominated for a period of three years. Presently, however, the CDMA is discharging the functions of the chairman of the board in the absence of a regular chairman to be appointed by the government.The 13th Finance Commission asserts that there is tremendous scope for improvement in revenue from property tax for ULBs, even without increasing rates and indeed even without any structural alterations on the basis of levy. The commission further recommends the measures to be taken up by the state for optimising the property tax potential of ULBs by focusing on improving coverage and collection efficiency and broadening the tax base by instituting geographic information system (GIS) for mapping properties in all cities and towns with a population of one lakh and above.Even as property owners in GHMC area have heaved a sigh of relief after paying huge property taxes for the just-concluded financial year, they are worried over the statements from civic officials that a fresh revision of property tax would be taken up from May 1. Rather than undertaking this exercise, even if mandated by the municipal laws, the GHMC officials should focus on bringing all un-assessed eligible properties into the tax net, making property tax assessment of all under-assessed properties and levying appropriate tax for any change of use.(The writer is member of Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12682429", "title": "Inter-state bus fares go up as holiday season begins", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The revision in fare of private luxury buses operating on inter-state routes seems to have dampened the holiday mood of thousands of people who visited their native place for Vishu. All bus operators in the Kozhikode-Bangalore route including the Karnataka Transport Corporation hiked their fares all of a sudden when they witnessed huge demand for tickets.Every day more than 40 private luxury buses ply in this route and they charge Rs 500-600 per person in non-air conditioned sleeper buses. During the off-season the same comes down to Rs 375-400. The Karnataka Transport Corporation too hiked its fare from Rs 500 to Rs 545 for semi-sleeper buses. The private buses have also increased the ticket fares to Ernakulam from Rs 275 to Rs 350.The only exception was the Kerala State Transport Corporation (KSRTC) which is currently operating 13 buses in this route. KSRTC charges Rs 355 per seat for deluxe buses plying to Bangalore. It is said the shortage in the number of buses operated by the KSRTC is forcing many to depend on private bus operators. An official of the Regional Transport Office said at present there is no government mechanism to control the hike in fares by private bus operators during the peak seasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12682717", "title": "PM should find solution to economic crisis: BJP", "text": "PATNA: BJP national spokesman and Bhagalpur MP Shahnawaz Hussain said here on Sunday that people were aware of the economic crisis facing the country, but PM Manmohan Singh has to find solutions to this crisis.Hussain was in an unsparing mood towards the PM while talking to media here at the state party headquarters. He repeated the party's stand that one of the factors behind the current economic crisis in the country was various mega scams which had occurred during the UPA rule at the Centre, and added that Union agriculture minister, in a letter to the PM, had, in fact, pointed out that policies pursued by the UPA also had a debilitating effect on the agriculture sector.\"The UPA's policies are anti-agriculture. The UPA government has also failed to check price rise in the country. Its policies have brought more benefits to middlemen,\" the BJP leader said. Instead of checking profligacy, the UPA rule has shown a rise in wasteful expenditure, he said, adding, \"The government is running on loan. It has exacerbated the economic crisis.\"Shahnawaz said the PM should explain to people the enormity of economic crisis in an address to nation and also give details of the steps taken to overcome it. \"PM Manmohan Singh ... has been a notable economist. People expect solutions from him,\" he said.Asked about the probability of a snap poll, he said the BJP would not mind if the parliamentary elections were held before schedule. According to him, BJP parliamentary party chairman L K Advani was the unquestioned leader of the party. But, who would be NDA's \"prime ministerial candidate\" would be decided after elections are announced. \"Any party or combination of parties may go for elections without announcing its prime ministerial candidate,\" Hussain said.Hussain added the Special Investigation Team ( SIT) constituted by the Supreme Court had given Narendra Modi a clean chit as far as Gujarat riots was concerned.With regard to steps being taken by the Centre, having a bearing on internal security of the country, Hussain said that Union home minister P Chidambaram should take CMs of various states into confidence, as they had expressed their reservations about the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12682105", "title": "'Nashik will be a role model for cities'", "text": "What are your priorities as president of Credai Nashik?The regional development plan of the Nashik district is lying in the Mantralaya in Mumbai for the state government's approval for the last one-and-a-half years. Initiative will be taken to get the regional plan of the district passed at the earliest. My priority will be to promote green building projects in the city. Nashik is famous across the country for its climate. Hence, attention will be paid to beautiful and well-planned development of the city by yoking together the environment and the development of the city. Credai Nashik will take initiative to promote green projects in the city. The development plan (DP) roads are yet to be developed, and efforts will also be taken by the organization in this matter. Nashik will get a lot of funds during the Kumbh Mela, which will be held in 2015. Apart from getting funds, their proper utilization is also important and necessary, and Credai Nashik will ensure this. We will also study arrangements in the cities where the Kumbh Mela is held. Besides, the widening of the Nashik-Trimbak Road is also necessary before the Kumbh. Traffic in the city is increasing day-by-day due to the rapid development of the city.Hence, it is necessary for us to build small flyovers at prime locations across the city that will help ease traffic. Pune is developed, but it is not a role model for us. Apart from development, there have been problems of huge burden on infrastructure, traffic, parking and water supply in Pune. With the help of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), Credai will make an effort for the well-planned development of Nashik and make the city a role model for other cities. Even today, Nashik is at the stage where it can be developed very well. The city roads can be widened and gardens can be developed. Hence, we will have to construct good buildings and the NMC will have to provide better infrastructure.What is the current real estate scenario in Nashik?The real estate growth of Nashik has been stable. There are no fluctuations in demand and supply, the situation is balanced. It has never happened that the demand is more and supply is low or the supply is more and demand is less. Besides, rates of properties are also stable in the city. The government resolution (GR) introduced by the state, making 20% reservation mandatory for low income groups (LIG) in housing projects on more than 2,000 sq m of land can't be implemented. The government only issued a GR and did not specify its details. As a result, the NMC has kept all proposals for approval of residential building plans on hold. The same situation exists across Maharashtra and building plans are not being approved for the last three months (since the GR was issued on January 18). With approval to new building plans being stopped, construction activities have slowed down in the city. If the situation continues for some more time, there may be a shortage of houses in the city.What are your views on the 20% reservation for economically weaker sections in housing projects?We are not against the 20% reservation in housing projects for LIG. We are in favour of affordable housing and we are of the view that they (LIG) must get houses at affordable rates. But the way the state has introduced the GR, it can't work out and be successful. We are in touch with the state government in this connection and have already presented the CM with a memorandum.What government-related problems are real estate developers in the state facing?Taxation is the major area of concern for real estate developers. Developers are paying huge amounts as taxes. The state government has introduced 1% TDS on purchase of flats over Rs 50 lakh in metros and over Rs 20 lakh in other cities. The central government has enforced a 2% increase in excise. As a result, a 50kg cement bag, which would cost Rs 225, now costs Rs 340. Steel prices, which were Rs 40 per kg, have risen to Rs 52 per kg. Rail freight rates have also increased by 30%. The service tax has also been increased from 2.5% to 3.09%. On the one hand, the state government emphasizes affordable housing, while on the other it has increased taxes. Hence, the construction industry is in a fragmented stage now. Earlier, a home loan of 90% of the total flat cost was given to home buyers and the flat cost would also include stamp duty, registration charges and processing fees. But, the RBI has introduced a new policy for home loans. Accordingly, only a home loan of 80% of the cost of the flat can be given, and this does not include stamp duty, registration charges and processing fees. Earlier, as per the Bombay Stamp Act, the stamp duty was Rs 100 for a flat costing up to Rs 2.5 lakh and 3% over the flat cost up to Rs 3 lakh. Now, the government has levied 5% stamp duty on overall housing projects. Hence, affordable housing has become difficult due to high taxation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12681435", "title": "Centre to rate states on environment protection", "text": "MUMBAI: With an increase in illegal mining, coastal abuse and rampant industrialization, the Centre now plans to rate every state based on their environmental performance.In an endeavour to assess how successful each state has been in conserving the environment, the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has conceptualized an Environment Protection or Performance Index (EPI). Sources in the Maharashtra environment department said the concept of EPI is still taking shape and the guidelines will be ready by 2013. Conceptualized on the lines of the Human Development Index (HDI), EPI will rate states according to their management of coastal pollution, solid waste, sewerage, water and the rise in sea level.\"With population increasing by the day and the growth of industrialization in the state, we feel the need for EPI for Maharashtra. This will help us analyze the areas we need to improve upon. We will be able to gauge how much we are conserving the environment,\" said Sachin Ahire, minister of state for environment, The EPI will also help address health concerns as well as environmental concerns like pollution and conservation.Ahire added that the EPI guidelines for Maharashtra will be dependent on director-general of The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) Dr R K Pachauri's 2020 projections on climate change effects. \"Based on Pachauri's projections, the guidelines for EPI will be prepared for the state. We are expecting the report in six months,\" said Ahire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12682315", "title": "City contractor among 3 held for supplying arms to Naxals", "text": "NAGPUR: The Rajnandgaon district police of Chhattisgarh on Saturday netted four persons, including a city-based arms dealer-cum-petty contractor, night near Farhad chowk in Manpur for their alleged act of procuring arms and ammunitions for Naxals. An US-made sophisticated pistol and 4 lakh cash were among the materials seized.Mohammed Irfan Mohammed Samad, a resident of Rose Colony in city, was arrested along with Mohammed Ahmad Qureshi, Tilak Goyal, and Deepak Talukdar. Irfan was earlier nabbed by Saoner police and quizzed by Nagpur crime branch too. Though Chhattisgarh police have identified him as a petty contractor of roads, local cops labelled him an arms dealer. A section of the security agencies also claimed that Irfan was linked to senior Naxal leaders whom he supplied arms and ammunitions. A native of Betul in Madhya Pradesh , Irfan had migrated to city a few years ago and became rich within a short time.The latest action of the Rajnandgaon police exposed the nexus between local contractors, arms dealers and Naxals. These arrests show how a section of contractors working in Naxal-affected regions are offering aid to the rebels to be able to function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna/muzaffarpur", "code": "12682627", "title": "Minister's domestic help struggles for life", "text": "PATNA/MUZAFFARPUR: Anandu Paswan, the domestic help at the official residence of revenue and land reforms minister Ramai Ram in the state capital, is battling for his life in the ICU of a private hospital at Muzaffarpur on Sunday. With blood oozing from his mouth and nose, the doctors attending on him said he was still not out of danger.A buffalo trampled the 60-year-old Anandu at the minister's residence a couple of days back, causing him serious injuries. The minister's staff took him to a private hospital in the state capital. When his condition deteriorated, they dumped him near his village at Manika Harikesh in Muzaffarpur district. His villagers found Anandu writhing in pain and informed his family members who admitted him to a private nursing home at Bairiya. They approached Ahiyapur police station to register a case but the police refused.Despite repeated attempts to contact him on his cellphone on Sunday, the minister did not respond and his staff said he was not keeping well and sleeping after taking medicine. However, Ramai was quoted as saying that he was not aware of the incident. He reportedly said that the injured worker might have desired to go home so he was sent to his village.When contacted, Muzaffarpur senior SP Rajesh Kumar said the police had recorded Anandu's statement and forwarded it to Sachivalaya police station at Patna since the place of occurrence was the minister's residence in the state capital. The Sachivalaya police, however, said they had not received any such statement of Anandu till Sunday afternoon.Anandu had been taking care of the pet animals of the minister at his residence for the last two months. His wife, Ramia Devi, accused the minister of not paying him even a penny in the two months.Meanwhile, JD(U) workers raised slogans against the minister outside the private hospital where Anandu is undergoing treatment. The CPI(ML) activists burned the effigy of the minister at Kalyani Chowk demanding his dismissal from the ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12681123", "title": "Woman, two others bash up customers at city hotel, held", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Punjagutta police arrested a businesswoman and her friends for bashing up a group of people at a hotel in Somajiguda late on Saturday night.Police arrested Shaik Shabnam, 26, of Somajiguda. She along with her friends, Rehan of Mehdipatnam and Yousuf Khan of Masab Tank, was arrested by police on Saturday night from Hotel IK London Residency when they began thrashing other customers in an inebriated condition. Punjagutta SI P Nagaiah said Shabnam along with four of her friends partied at a star hotel in Somajiguda till 1 am and then the group went to another hotel, IK London, in the same area to have dinner. At the hotel, Shabnam was talking loudly on the phone saying that she knows several gangsters from Mumbai. On hearing her claims, some customers sitting on a nearby table began laughing, the SI said. Shabnam saw the group laughing and picked up an argument with them. To avoid trouble, the other group, which included a woman, quickly tried to pay the bill and leave the premises.\"However, Shabnam again stopped them and asked them to explain why they broke into a laughter. During the argument, Shabnam suddenly lost her cool and began bashing up members of the other group. When the victims tried to push her away, Shabnam was joined by her friends ,\" Punjagutta inspector N Tirupati Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12682013", "title": "Assolna gram sabha opposes Banda mega project", "text": "MARGAO: Allegations of corruption and malpractices flew thick and fast at the gram sabha of the Assolna village panchayat held on Sunday.Velim MLA Benjamin Silva was also present for the meeting. A panchayat member, Savio Pereira, highlighted discrepancies in a bill raised by a contractor who had carried out drainage work in his ward and demanded an inquiry.The gram sabha also adopted a resolution opposing its opposition to the proposed mega project coming up at Banda, Assolna, as it would exert tremendous pressure on the already frail rural infrastructural facilities in the village.The gram sabha also discussed whether the sopo collector should be selected by tender or auction. The issue remained undecided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12682646", "title": "India Against Corruption launches awareness campaign", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar chapter of India Against Corruption (IAC) launched a jan jagrukta abhiyan (people's awareness campaign) at Patel Nagar here on Sunday to vote for the candidates with clean image in the coming civic body elections of the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC).The campaign aims at making the voters aware of their right and responsibility to elect their representatives with clean image. Ratnesh Chandra, a member of the IAC (Bihar) told TOI, \"People pay tax to the PMC to avail basic amenities. But people are unaware of the 933 garbage collection points under the PMC jurisdiction and dump their rubbish anywhere in their locality.\"He said the drinking water supply in the state capital was very poor. \"The PMC records show 933 million litres of water supply every day but only 275 million litres of water is required. We encourage people to seek information under the RTI about the quantity and the area of water supplied,\" he said.The IAC (Bihar) has also gone tech-savvy. Its members, now, will ensure that people are regularly updated about their activities through special SMS cards. Ratnesh said one SMS card will cost Rs 25. The users will get registered to a particular number and they will get the service from IAC for one year. Dozens of cards have been sold and the proceeds would be deposited with the Public Cause Research Foundation (PCRF) of Arvind Kejriwal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12682728", "title": "Stressed out and sleepless in City of Joy", "text": "KOLKATA: Don't go by the snoozing para shopkeeper, slow-mo Kolkata is losing sleep like just like fast-paced metros as Mumbai and Delhi. Kolkata's corporate executives - cutting across 18 sectors like IT, management, media and FMCG - are too stressed to have a good night's sleep, says a survey conducted by Assocham for World Health Day.Around 78% of working adults across the country - including Kolkata - sleep far less than what is recommended. Half the people in the City of Joy are sleep deprived, the study says. Women are even worse off.The result: thousands have sought treatment at specialized clinics in the city over the last one year. Experts believe Kolkata is yet to come to terms with the new work culture that entails longer working hours and an often erratic lifestyle.What comes as a surprise, though, is the very young age of the corporate executives suffering from sleep disorders. While 55% respondents were in the 20-29-year group, another 26% were in the 30-39 age group.Among a series of health issues, the Assocham survey has focused on sleep, which, it says, reflects the stress and comfort levels of working professionals. As Assocham secretary general D S Rawat mentioned in the report: \"Loss of sleep has wide ranging effects including performance deterioration and increased absenteeism,\" Rawat said.Kolkata has not fared poorly, though. It ranks 8th on the list of sleep deprived metros with Delhi and Mumbai topping the chart. But the figures are still alarming and they are spiralling, warned experts. Seventy-eight per cent sleep less than six hours. This is inadequate, say neurologists. It could affect your performance level and lead to anxiety, irritability and loss of memory.The ASSOCHAM survey lists nine different concerns respondents mentioned as the major reasons for their sleep deprivation. Topping them are lifestyle factors like excessive use of caffeine, extreme noise and even constant change of temperature (working in an AC environment for hours). Most Kolkata doctors agree.While age-induced insomnia would be the most common form of sleeplessness till about a decade ago, now it is stress and anxiety which are making younger people lose sleep, according to TK Banerjee, consultant and head of National Neuroscience Centre, Kolkata. \"Those in the age-group of 35-50 suffer from insomnia more often than the elderly. Work-related tension, long hours and late nights are responsible. They are indulging in an overdose of stimulants like coffee, tea and alcohol to drive away stress which actually backfire. These might act as temporary stress-busters but they upset your body clock. Sleep is the most obvious casualty and it is taking a heavy toll on both personal and professional lives,\" said Banerjee.Middle-aged professionals form the largest chunk of patients in city sleep clinics. They are stressed, have unhealthy eating habits and erratic schedules, pointed out Suresh Ramasubhan, in-charge of the Apollo Gleneagles sleep laboratory. \"Obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) is still the most common cause but stress, anxiety and depression now run it close. In adolescents, psycho-physiological insomnia or depression-induced sleeplessness is common. In fact, sleeplessness could lead to depression and vice versa. Both are common in Kolkata now,\" said Ramasubhan.Sleep laboratories like the one at Apollo use polisomnography to monitor brain waves during sleep. \"We have 16 parameters that help to assess sleeping patterns and identify the cause of insomnia,\" added Ramasubhan.Rajiv Roy, an IT executive, started working late from December. By February, Roy was sleeping just three hours every night. \"It came down to just one till I could not get any sleep at all. After about a fortnight I felt I was losing my sanity. My psychiatrist referred to me to a sleep clinic which helped,\" said Roy.Shruti Biswas, a 48-year-old housewife, had mild insomnia when her son went off to Bangalore to study. \"I kept worrying about him and started losing sleep. Sleeping pills would be enough, I thought. But it went from bad to worse and after about a month, I couldn't sleep at all,\" she said. Shruti is now under treatment at a specialized neurological centre. There are yet others who complain that they keep sleeping in fits and starts. SK Kapoor, a Kolkata-based executive, sought treatment at a city clinic after years of suffering from insomnia. \"I have not slept well for years. I keep tossing and turning in bed. Lack of quality sleep makes me feel tired and I can't concentrate on my work during the day. My energy level has gone down, too,\" said the 37-year-old Kapoor.So, how much of sleep is enough? Each individual's needs are different, say experts. For some, five to six hours could be enough, while others may need eight to nine hours of sleep. \"The only condition is that you sleep sound. Disturbed sleep is the first indication of insomnia and it should be addressed immediately,\" said Ramasubhan.If you have not been able to sleep well for more than 3-4 weeks, and it is affecting your work, it's time to consult a doctor says Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12681717", "title": "Lone fight against Fair Price Shop racketeers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This is the fight of a lone villager against the army of public distribution system Fair Price Shop (FPS) racketeers who had been siphoning off subsidized food items meant for the below poverty line (BPL) families to the local markets. For the last five years Mahesh Parmar of Aldesan village in Kadi taluka of Mehsana had been wondering about frequent complaints of irregular civil supplies to his area ration shop.There were more than 470 ration card holders in the village who had been complaining that the subsidized wheat, rice and kerosene allotted to each card holder exhausted within two days from the bulk supply that arrived to the village. This led Parmar to file an RTI in November 2010 where he demanded to know the total amount of each of the subsidized food items sold from the Aldesan ration shop. The taluka mamlatdar provided a detailed list and also the beneficiaries. Parmar with the help of a local NGO requested every card holder to provide a photocopy of the ration card entries of the food items procured by them. Parmar for the next one month sat over the data and compared data obtained from the mamlatdar and that mentioned in the invidual card holders entries.\"I found that Rs 5 lakh worth of subsidized wheat had been siphoned off into the local markets. Several thousands worth of kerosene was missing , even rice and other food items had been siphoned off. I lodged a complaint with the district supplies officer, collector, the secretary of civil supplies against the shopkeeper. A public hearing was organized at our village which was boycotted by all concerned government officers,\" says Parmar.After several appeals the mamlatdar fined the shopkeeper Rs 1,250. \"This was atrocious as for siphoning of Rs 5 lakh worth of wheat the shopkeeper was fines just Rs 1,250 and a few days of suspension. An association of mazdoor union and retired government officials then visited the shopkeeper's house to find several cans of kerosene and wheat bags hidden in the house,\" says Parmar.Meanwhile the shopkeeper ran a signature campaign where he got a common letter drafted which said that in the absence of the FPS, several villagers are affected. \"The shopkeeper managed to get 70 signatures. We proved to the collector that 55 of the 70 signatures were fake. The collector was convinced and finally suspended the shopkeeper's licence,\" says Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "12687537", "title": "Cricket betting: 3 held", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Davanagere special crime branch police nabbed three persons in connection with cricket betting here on Saturday. The accused are Vishwa,35, Umesh,37, and Chidananada, all residents of Davanagere. On a tip off, the police first nabbed Vishwa who came near a hotel here to distribute money for the winners and to collect money from the losers. Later, they arrested the others after interrogating Vishwa. The police seized Rs 71,900 betting money along with four cell phones and a motor bike. Extension police have booked a case.House burgledMiscreants fled with gold jewellery worth Rs 4.80 lakh from the residence of a cloth merchant at Mysore Math Galli behind Kayipet here on Friday evening. They gained entry into the house after breaking the door lock when all of them were out, said police. Gold ornaments weighing 187 gram including a bracelet, chain, four bangles that were kept in a cupboard were looted by the miscreants. SP Labhu Ram along with other senior police officers visited the spot. Besides, a dog squad along with fingerprint experts were pressed into service. Basavanagara station police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12680963", "title": "Man gets Rs 5,000 for 93 days without power", "text": "CHENNAI: For 93 days, A Sri Sailavasan, a resident of Kuniyamuthur in Coimbatore, endured sleepless nights as the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) did not restore his electricity supply though he paid the required dues.Ruling that this amounted to deficiency in service, a bench of A K Annamalai, presiding judicial member, and S Sambandam, member, State Consumer Disputes' Redressal Commission, directed that Sailavasan be paid 3,000 as compensation for deficiency and 2,000 as costs.In his complaint, Sailavasan said he had leased his property in Kuniyamuthur to D Solomon George in 2005. Sailavasan regained possession of the property on October 10, 2009. The electricity supply was disconnected six days later because the dues for the previous month had not been paid. Sailavasan told George to pay the electricity and reconnection charges. George made the payments on December 3 and gave the receipts to Sailavasan on December 22, 2009.TNEB officials told Sailavasan that the fuse carrier - a device needed to reconnect the supply - had been handed over to George. N Sudarshan, counsel for Sailavasan, said it should have been given to a TNEB staff member but there was no action. Sailavasan sent a legal notice on December 29. The electricity supply was restored after this.Passing orders, the bench observed that officials had not cared to see that the connection was restored immediately after payment of charges. TNEB acted only after a legal notice was sent, the bench said. Pointing out that this demonstrated their \"lethargic attitude\", the bench ruled there was deficiency in service and ordered TNEB to pay compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12681359", "title": "DMK tests public mood on price rise", "text": "CHENNAI: In a bid to step up opposition, DMK on Sunday held public meetings across Tamil Nadu to target AIADMK on issues including the hike in transport and power tariffs. The show of strength comes at a time when chief minister J Jayalalithaa is poised to complete one year in office.Leading the charge at a gathering at Mylapore, party chief M Karunanidhi harped on core Dravidian concerns of identity and language. In a speech lasting an hour and ten minutes, the DMK patriarch slammed the CM for \"neglecting\" the rights of the Tamil people, saying it was evident from her decision to \"shut down\" the classical Tamil library. He said he would continue to try and rejuvenate Dravidian spirit since a section of the caste elite was trying to block such efforts.Other leaders including M K Stalin who spoke at Madurai chose to focus on price rise. The rallies were better attended than those held in the aftermath of the action on DMK leaders in land-grab cases.Karunanidhi made repeated references to the values of Periyar and Annadurai to underline his emphasis on Tamil arts, culture and language. \"DMK has suffered temporary setbacks, but it will definitely bounce back like a spring ball,\" he said alluding to the party's recent defeat in the Sankarankoil bypoll.Other DMK leaders including M K Stalin in Madurai, Kanimozhi in Thiruvottiyur and T R Baalu at Nagapattinam mainly focused on the price rise issue in their speeches. Most of the rallies saw a turnout much larger than on previous occasions when the DMK leadership has organized meetings to condemn action by the government on land-grab cases.Speaking in Madurai, Stalin reeled out statistics on the DMK's efforts to improve power situation in Tamil Nadu and the AIADMK's alleged lack of efforts to increase power generation. The cadres erupted into a loud applause when he accepted the challenge recently posed by AIADMK minister Sellur K Raju for a debate on the power crisis . \"I am ready for the challenge. We have been constantly denied permission in the state assembly to explain efforts taken by the DMK government to improve the power situation. At least we could explain it in the public forum. Are you ready for the debate,'' Stalin asked.Former minister Duraimurugan said these public meetings had become necessary as the DMK legislators are not allowed to raise public issues in the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12686586", "title": "Cops identify BPO staff's assailants", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bhubaneswar police have identified the men behind the attack on BPO employee Namita Padhi at Mancheswar on Friday, though they are yet to establish the cause of the firing.\"We have got vital clues from the nine detainees and would crack the case within a day or two. The culprits have been identified,\" Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said. He did not divulge details of the interrogation. A team of police officers on Sunday rushed to Sambalpur to investigate the case.Two bike-borne miscreants opened fire at Namita, who worked as a call centre agent with Serco that provides service to Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL), outside her office. She received a bullet injury on her left calf.Police suspect the firing incident could be related to another incident in which the husband of Namita's elder sister Sanjay Mishra was shot at at Shastri Nagar on April 9, 2011. Police had arrested five men for the incident. The mastermind behind the attack was a person who had unsuccessfully courted Kavita, Mishra's wife, in the past.\"We do not know who tried to kill my sister. But our family is being targeted time and again. We are terrified at the latest incident. Police should arrest the culprits,\" Namita's sister Sunita Padhi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12686480", "title": "Ethical brandwagon", "text": "A marketing and brand development strategist, Martin Lindstrom draws an ethical line for future development of brands using social media. He talks to Tirna RayQ- Why are ethical standards in consumer use of social media becoming so important?This is because the amount of data collected by not only social media players such as Facebook and Google+ but also search engines and tech companies is so high that alarm bells in both governments and consumer groups are beginning to ring. The issue here is that companies now are able to combine all consumer behaviour data and often predict behaviours which even the consumer is not aware of.Q- Could you elaborate on the increasing convergence of social bonds and marketing strategy and its impact on human psyche?The more isolated we are as consumers, the more we have a need to connect with people via social media services. The more people bond this way, the more people (who are not part of these networks ) feel left out, and, thus, they will jump on the bandwagon too.We are now only beginning to learn about the impact on our human psyche, however, my assessment is that social media in fact are making people less social - in a physical way. We are highly connected in the virtual space, yet isolate ourselves more in the physical space. Also, another consequence is that we are less 'present' in the moment as we are all on a computer or cell phone communicating with someone else, while we have dinner or lunch with someone else.Q- In what ways does the consumer threaten brands through online media?Privacy is really the issue. More and more companies now know so much about the consumer that they can push the consumer's weaknesses - in short, manipulation will play a bigger role in advertising and communication simply because it is now possible.Q- What is a responsible way to use the social media?Not to use it at all - there is no 'soft solution' here - if you however want one, it is to only share very limited information about yourself.Q- What should be the ethical guideline for companies of the social media age?First, they should not do to consumers what they would not do to their closest friends and family members. Secondly, they should secure an 'ethical' sign-off from the target group each time a campaign, a new product or a service is about to be launched. Also, they should develop their own independent consumer panel and disclose the perception of the product, as well as the reality. It is important to acknowledge that consumers need to know what you know about them. They must be told how companies intend to use the information. If consumers don't like what they see, they need a fair and easy way to opt out.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12686526", "title": "H1N1 patient still serious, one more result awaited", "text": "LUDHIANA: Doctors in Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), who are treating swine flu patient Vijay Kumar on Sunday said his condition is serious and he is on ventilator. Vijay, who was staying in Shimlapuri, tested positive for swine flu on Friday night and has been admitted at DMCH since.Another suspected case of the flu has been brought to the hospital and doctors have kept him in isolation while they await the result of his blood sample from PGI, Chandigarh. Dr Rajesh Mahajan, who is treating Vijay said, ''We have been giving him medicines and are hoping his body will respond well.\"While his condition is still serious, doctors at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) are awaiting sample result of another suspected case.However, the civil surgeon's office is trying to keep residents from panicking about the swine flu cases. Epidemiologist Dr Anil Verma said, \"We are yet to receive the sample report of swine flu suspect Varinder Kular of Dhandra Road. As far as Vijay Kumar is concerned he didn't catch the infection in Ludhiana but in most likelihood caught it when he had gone to Nangal, his native place. There is no reason for residents to get scared. We have also been spreading awareness about swine flu and have even asked hospitals to keep isolation wards ready for any eventuality.\"Civil surgeon Dr Subhash Batta also assured that they are ready to deal with any situation.\"Residents need not be scared as the infection spreads through close contact with the swine flu patients. We have already given Tamiflu dosage to the patients' family members to check its spread,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12685588", "title": "When Kirti Stambh\u2019s lion foretold a story\u2026", "text": "VADODARA: Kirti Stambh is one of the most popular landmarks in the city located near Polo Ground. It is made out of pink Songadh stone and stands tall opposite Nehru Bhavan. The landmark was built to mark 60 years of rule of Sayajirao Gaekwad III in 1935. Perched atop the landmark is a lion that is facing eastwards. Though, many citizens know reasons behind building Kirti Stambh, not many are aware of the philosophy behind the structure.The structure depicts Sayajirao's decision of moving towards 'vanaprasthashram' (life of retirement). The lion sitting on the top of the structure faces east and has his back to the Laxmi Vilas Palace gate. Travelling towards east is considered to be a way of attaining salvation in Hindu philosophy. The lion's back is towards the palace and it illustrates the king's departure from his kingdom and luxurious life.\"If one sees closely, the lion is a bit old and appears fatigued. And, it is about to get up and walk. Sayajirao portrays himself as the ageing lion. There is deep philosophy behind the structure made by prominent artist Krishnarao Chavan and his associates,\" said Jitendrasinh Gaekwad, great grandnephew of Sayajirao.\"All the buildings and structures made by Sayajirao in the erstwhile Baroda state carried some meaning and had philosophical touch,\" Gaekwad added. Kirti Stambh is currently one of the busiest areas in the city as a bus deot is located just 100 metres away from it. It stands tall amidst the mushrooming concrete structures around it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12681932", "title": "Rights of children secured, time to restore teachers' dignity and pay", "text": "From time immemorial, centrality of education in nurturing a child's future and preparing him to be a responsible citizen has had universal acceptance.Nineteenth century French poet, statesman and human rights activist Victor Hugo had said, \"He who opens a school door, closes a prison.\" By prison he meant dogmas, discrimination and abuse in addition to several facets of the curse of illiteracy.Framers of our Constitution, who were great visionaries, were aware of the importance of Hugo's statement, but surprisingly did not consider including education within the fundamental rights chapter. But they made amends by advising states through Article 45 to make provision for free and compulsory education of children up to 14 years.The Supreme Court in Mohini Jain case in 1992 picked Article 45 as an integral part of child's inherent right and pronounced it to be akin to a fundamental right. The legitimacy of this pronouncement was strengthened by the apex court in Unnikrishnan's judgment the very next year.Since 1993, several legislative attempts were made, which 10 years later fructified in making right to education of children a fundamental right by insertion of Article 21A in Constitution. Another decade later, the Supreme Court played its constitutionally mandated role to do complete justice and upheld the validity of Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, a law enacted with vigorous push from HRD minister Kapil Sibal.The law opens a new vista in education system in India as it intends to create inclusive class-rooms where the children of deprived and downtrodden could study in a neighbourhood school alongside the wards of the elite and the rich.Will an education system be considered robust by securing only the children's rights and privileges? Is it not time to restore the dignity of teachers who were traditionally given the respect second only to the king?In the era of privatization, would the teachers get their due dignity without a respectable pay? Without the teaching profession being among the highest paid jobs, would it attract the talent needed to nurture the future of the children? If we do not get competent teachers because of inadequate salaries, what is the use of opening schools in every village?Commercialization of education in the last two decades has not helped in improving the plight of the teachers. Nearly 50 years ago, the Supreme Court had raised this question in University of Delhi vs Ram Nath [1964(2) SCR 703].The apex court had said education was not an industry. \"From a rational point of view it would be regarded inappropriate to describe education even as a profession. Education in its true aspect is more of a mission and a vocation rather than a profession or trade or business.\"The court had argued that if education sought to build the personality of students by assisting their physical, intellectual, moral and emotional development, then the teacher's plight should get adequate attention of the authorities.It said, \"Under the sense of values recognized both by the traditional and conservative as well as the modern and progressive social outlook, teaching and teachers are, no doubt assigned a high place of honour and it is obviously necessary and desirable that teaching and teachers should receive the respect that is due to them.\"It cannot be denied that the concept of social justice is wide enough to include teaching and teachers, and the requirement that teachers should receive proper emoluments and other amenities, which are essentially based on social justice, cannot be disputed.\"Many school managements are taking advantage of the job scarcity scenario and making teachers take home a much lower amount than the salary promised to them. It has a deleterious effect on the education system. A disgruntled teacher is unable to give his/her best in the school and to make ends meet gives private tutorials putting huge workload on self.As in the Right to Education Act, it was made mandatory for all schools to admit students from socially, educationally and economically weaker sections, the government must think, as a first step, to enact a law which binds all private schools to pay the teachers the promised salary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12682414", "title": "University Institute of Engineering and Technology students bag lucrative summer training deals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With over 75 students of University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) bagging 'paid summer trainings' this season, with the highest stipend among them being Rs 1.4 lakh per month and the second highest being Rs 54,000 per month, Panjab University's engineers are a sought after lot this season in the industry.Additionally, two students from UIET are all set to receive training with lucrative stipends in the world's most reputed research institutes.Anmol Razdan and Sankalp Sardana, two third year students of computer science engineering have been selected for summer internship starting this June by CERN, Geneva, Switzerland and Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics in Garching, near Munich , Germany respectively. Besides, several others have bagged stipends ranging between Rs 20,000 to Rs 40,000 per month in reputed Indian companies.\"There were 800 applications from India itself and out of all these I got selected by CERN. It is a proud moment for our college and parents,\" says Anmol, who is doing his integrated course of BE (CSE) and MBA at PU.\"The fact that the organization hosts 10,000 visiting scientists and engineers and is the birthplace of the world wide web, it is a great privilege to visit it,\" he adds. CERN, a European Organization for nuclear research, set up in 1954, operates the world's largest particle physics laboratory, located in the suburbs of Geneva.I am going to do collaborative research work on Bayesian analysis in Germany. I will be assisting 61 scientists in making a tool kit which will make computation of bayes theorem easy,\" said Sankalp. His guide in the research project would be Allen Caldwell, director of the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics, Germany.Renu Vig, director, UIET said that it was a proud moment for the institute since the two students were going to work in world-class computer-labs for not just an internship but for research work.Quick FactsOver 75 students have bagged paid summer trainings30 of them have been offered stipends ranging between Rs 90,000 to Rs 1.2 lakh for six month training periodThe highest monthly stipend is Rs 1.4 lakh and the second highest is Rs 54,000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687560", "title": "No conflict between central and state agencies: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI, Under attack from several chief ministers, including UPA ally Mamata Banerjee, on NCTC, home minister P Chidambaram today said there was no conflict between the central and state agencies and they worked together on the ground to deal with terrorists.Addressing a conference of chief ministers on internal security, Chidambaram said in 2011, 18 terror modules were neutralised and 53 persons arrested and in the first three months of 2012, three modules were neutralised and 11 persons arrested.\"I wish to underline the fact that one-half of the cases were cracked through the joint efforts of the central agencies and state police concerned. This...is the reality. At the operational level, there is no conflict between the central agencies and the state police forces.\"They work together, consult each other, share intelligence and, when necessary, mount joint operations to apprehend the suspects. In my view, such silent and invisible work of neutralising terrorist modules deserves as much praise as solving the terrorist cases,\" he said.The home minister's remarks bear significance as several non-Congress chief ministers including Banerjee, Odisha's Naveen Patnaik, Tamil Nadu's J Jayalalithaa, Gujarat's Narendra Modi and Bihar's Nitish Kumar , have opposed the Centre's plan to set up anti-terror hub National Counter Terrorism Centre.\"..I would once again like to underscore my firm belief that, bound by the Constitution of India and working together, we can make this country safe and secure; ensure peace and harmony; and create an environment that will promote faster and more inclusive growth,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-16"}
