{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17164175", "title": "Storm hits East Siang district", "text": "ITANAGAR: A cyclonic storm left a trail of devastation in several villages of East Siang district, damaging dwellings and standing crops, on Thursday night.The storm badly affected Miglung (Moli) and Remi villages besides some parts of Yagrung agricultural fields, sources said here on Friday. The storm was so fierce that it not only destroyed the standing crops but uprooted trees and bamboo groves.Roofs of many houses were blown away while it damaged several Anganwadi buildings and the Donyi Polo Gangging (prayer center), sources said.The uprooted trees fell on the houses thereby completely damaging them. Many electrical poles and transmission lines were also damaged and the staff of the electrical department are working on war footing to restore them.Circle officer of Bilat, Toni Mitkong, rushed to the area to take stock of the situation on Friday. He assured to provide relief as per the government's provision. He also instructed the concerned departments to carry out loss assessments immediately, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17165168", "title": "Doctors advise physical activity", "text": "LUDHIANA: Come festivals and diabetics in the city lose control over their sweet tooth. This results in more patients visiting hospitals with complaints of uncontrolled sugar level.\"It is not only the sweets that lead to uncontrolled sugar level but even dry fruits,\" like cashew nuts, walnuts, peanuts and raisins aggravate the problem. Dry fruits are calorie rich \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 100gm dry fruit has 550 kilocalories whereas a piece of sweet has 150-200 kilocalories per medium piece. Kaju Burfi is very rich with calories as it has about 550 kilocalories per 100gm,\" says Dr Mani Kant Singla, consultant endocrinologist and diabetologist at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH).He adds that most of the patients with complaints of uncontrolled sugar level are in the 35-65 age group.Physical activity is one way diabetics can avoid their sugar level from going out of control.\"The best way to consume the delicious festive sweets is to take little balanced quantities, but make sure you do a lot of physical exercise and avoid late night parties. Fresh fruits and green vegetables also keep a diabetic fit,\" says senior endocrinology consultant Dr Ramanbir Singh from the SPS Apollo Hospital.\"As the patients indulge in the festive diet, they should increase the dose of insulin during this time. For instance, if a patient injects 10 units of insulin in the morning and eight in the evening, he needs to increase the dose to 13 and 10, respectively.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17166916", "title": "Datawind CEO in Forbes' top 15 'classroom revolutionaries'", "text": "NEW YORK: Indian-origin CEO of Datawind, the maker of India's low-cost tablet Aakash, Suneet Singh Tuli and Massachusettes Institute of Technology professor Anant Agarwal have been named by Forbes magazine among the 15 'classroom revolutionaries' who are using innovative technologies to reinvent education for students and teachers globally.The Forbes list names 15 education innovators who are \"harnessing a slew of disruptive technologies to change everything from the way we teach grade school math to how we train the next generation of teachers.\"The publication said Tuli (44)) is the 'mastermind' behind the world's cheapest tablet computer Aakash, \"which has the potential to revolutionise educational access in the developing world.\"Datawind has a backlog of \"millions\" of orders for the $35 Aakash tablet. The publication quoted Tuli as saying that \"I don't care about creating the iPad killer. I care about the 3 billion people who can afford this device.\"Agarwal, 53, a professor of computer science at MIT is also the President of edX, the new combined online offerings of Harvard, MIT, the University of California at Berkeley and the University of Texas.Over 400,000 are currently enrolled in the education programme. \"We've created dramatic access to learning for students worldwide. By reinventing online learning, we can dramatically improve what we do on campus,\" Agarwal, who took over as head of edX in May this year, said.\"EdX continues to up the ante by increasing partners, classes (seven to dozens for spring 2013) and innovations, such as virtual laboratories,\" Forbes added.Datawind had won the tender in 2010 to supply one lakh Aakash tablets for a price of around 49 dollars per unit. A new version of the tablet PC, featuring 1Ghz processor, four-hour battery time, capacitive screen and Android 4.0 operating system, is expected to be launched in India on November 11.Among the other education innovators on the list is Salman Khan , the Bangladeshi-American founder of Khan Academy, the revolutionary online education platform.The 36-year-old MIT and Harvard alumnus has so far created 3,400 videos, mostly science and math tutorials, that have been watched by more than 200 million people. Khan Academy's YouTube channel has more than 400,000 subscribers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17162727", "title": "Annual tri-service conference held", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The annual tri-service conference was held on Friday at the Eastern Naval Command on board the INS Jalashwa. In the day-long deliberation, representatives of the three services focused on fine-tuning and strengthening of trilateral cooperation and coordination in various operational activities, joint exercises and training matters.They reviewed various operational and infrastructural facilities to ensure optimum and joint utilisation and envisaged closer interaction in the field of sports and cultural activities and familiarisation visits for enhancing troop-to-troop contact. The conference was chaired by flag officer commanding-in-chief of ENC Vice admiral Anil Chopra. While the army wing was represented by Lieutenant general Dalbir Singh, general officer commanding-in-chief of Eastern Command and Air marshal S Varthaman, air officer commanding-in-chief, Eastern Air Command.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17165186", "title": "Self-immolation cases leave Tibetans upset", "text": "MYSORE: Tibetans settling in Mysore say at least now, the world should wake up to the situation and support them to protect democracy in Tibet.The latest incidents of self-immolation of four Tibetans when China is in the process of changing leadership have left them isolated. Tibetans in Bylakuppe settlement claim that this is the 69th incident of self-immolation while fighting for a free Tibet. Tibetans are trying every possible way within legal frame and in non-violent means to fight for their rights in Tibet, but nothing is happening. As a last resort and to highlight Chinese repression in Tibet, Tibetans are taking to self-immolation, Tibetans claim.Tibetan government-in-exile member Lobsang Yeshi, who has settled in Bylakuppe, told TOI that every time there is self-immolation, Tibetans-in-exile across the world stand helpless.\"Moreover, we are shocked by the indifference of media and the world, unpleasant situation in Tibet notwithstanding,\" he said, adding: \"We are fighting for our land, culture, mineral resources and rights, which China has taken away from us decades ago. We have lost hopes. Yet, Tibetans all over the world hope against hope that the world would listen to them someday,\" Yeshi felt.To a query, Yeshi said leadership change in China won't help Tibet in any way, \"as successive governments have gone by the rule book, which is against Tibet\". According to reports, two of the four who tried to kill themselves are dead.\"After each episode of self-immolation, special prayers are held in Tibetan settlements all over the world for the well-being of Tibetans in Tibet,\" the member stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17164115", "title": "Times Music launches teenager Tania's album", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Times Group under its record label Times Music launched its second ever music album 'Ore piya' by Tania Tarannam on Friday here.'Ore piya' is Tania's first solo Hindi album comprising eight romantic singles and the songs has been composed by Joy Chakraborty. Tania, who has sung in Assamese albums like 'Rangdhali suwalir mon', has also lent her vocals in a Sufi album titled 'Sufi Kalaam'. She sings in Assamese, Hindi, English, Arabic, Bengali, Spanish and Thai.Chakraborty said, \"Tania is multi- talented and her plus point is that she is technically very strong and can sing in different languages. In fact, she also gives her inputs to make each song even better,\" he added.Assamese actor Nipon Goswami, singer Pulak Banerjee, Jayanta Deka and Ajit Kumar Bhuyan were the chief guests at the occasion. They congratulated Tania and wished her success and gave her few words of wisdom on the occasion. Goswami said he always felt that Tania had a bright future in the singing world.The bard of Brahmaputra Bhupen Hazarika was her favourite singer, Tania told TOI. \"I like the bond that Bhupen Hazarika songs have with the soil and the people,\" she added. On asking about her feelings on her daughter's big day, Tania's mother Nazreen Sultana said, \"Seeing my daughter sing is such a proud moment. Singing is my passion too, I see myself in her when she is performing.\"Tania's father, Mehdi Alam Bora, a local Congress leader, said, \"It is the duty of the parents to encourage their children. I am just trying my best to give her the opportunity to showcase her talent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17162585", "title": "Nerul teen's death on tracks shocks family, hospital adds to trauma, hands wrong body", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: It was a double tragedy for the family of HSC student Rakesh Pote (18), who was one of the three youths killed near the railway tracks between Nerul and Juinagar on Thursday.Rakesh's body was wrongly claimed from the municipal morgue at Vashi by the family of the second deceased, Rahul Ghodke (19), who was Rakesh's classmate. Both the boys lived in Sarsole village, Nerul, and had gone with a third friend, Santosh Malekar (17), towards Nerul after lunch on Thursday. However, they were later found dead on the tracks with severe head injuries and multiple fractures. All three were class XII students of Shiravane Vidyalaya &amp; Junior College in Nerul, Sector 2.Talking to TOI on Friday, Rakesh's uncle Ramdas Pote, said: \"On Thursday evening we were shocked to learn that our boy (Rakesh) was killed along with two of his friends near the railway tracks. We told the NMMC hospital authorities that we will claim the body on Friday morning as many relatives were yet to arrive in Navi Mumbai for the last rites.\"But the family was in for another shock as they learnt that Rakesh's body was not there in the Vashi morgue on Friday morning. \"Rakesh's body had been wrongly claimed by another victim's family on Thursday night and already cremated near Nashik. We are very disturbed about this.''Rahul Ghodke's family had somehow taken away the body of Rakesh to their native place at Alephata on Nashik Road and cremated it. When informed about the mix-up, Rahul's family rushed back to the morgue to claim the right body and conducted the last rites again. They also handed over Rakesh's ashes to his grieving family members so that they could perform a special puja.When TOI contacted the Vashi municipal hospital, the authorities refused to take any blame for the situation. \"The railway police gave us the three bodies of the youths for post-mortem on Thursday. Later, we handed the bodies back to the railway police in order to be given to their respective families. It is unfortunate that such a mix-up took place,'' said a senior official at the hospital.However, senior inspector of Vashi GRP, Purushottam Karyakarte, blamed the hospital. \"The hospital should have at least properly labeled the bodies and given them to the right families. In situations like these, the family is usually in a state of shock and is therefore not in a position to identify the body,\" he said.\"We are still investigating how the three boys died on the tracks. By Friday afternoon, all the three bodies had been claimed, though we are not aware if one body was wrongly claimed,'' said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17164256", "title": "Man held for selling kidney of 'lover'", "text": "KOCHI: A fraudster, who sold the kidney of a woman after promising to marry her, was arrested by the North police on Friday.The accused Shivakumar of Uliyakovil, Kollam is said to be kingpin of a racket that illegally traded kidney in the state.The accused, who was arrested by a police team led by North SI S Vijayashankar, was produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody. The victim was identified as Manju (alias Chinchu).Police said Manju had lodged a complaint in 2009. The operation to remove her kidney was conducted at KIMS Hospital in Thiruvananthapuram. As per the complaint, Shivakumar was in love with Manju and promised to marry her if she sold one of her kidneys.When Manju agreed, the accused fixed a deal and sold the kidney for Rs 10 lakh. \"The operation was carried out after the accused prepared fake legal documents for kidney transplantation. Once he got the money he abandoned Manju, who was recuperating at the hospital,\" a police official said. Police had earlier arrested two members of the racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17164300", "title": "Asom Gana Parshad presses Shinde to update NRC by end-2013", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Asom Gana Parshad (AGP) once again exerted pressure on the Union home ministry to update the National Register of Citizenship (NRC) by December 2013 without fail.A four-member delegation consisting of AGP working president Atul Bora (junior), general secretary Durga Das Boro, Pradip Hazarika and MP Biren Baishya on Friday met Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde to discuss the delay in implementation of the Assam Accord.\"To detect illegal migrants, the state government should instate more foreigners' tribunals and appoint retired judges. Moreover, illegal migrants who have gone missing in the last several years from detention camps should be tracked down. The historic Assam Accord was inked to solve the influx problem and to seal the international borders, but 28 years later, the state is still waiting its implementation,\" said Atul Bora.The AGP further pressed the home ministry, which is the nodal agency for implementation of the accord, to ink a bilateral deportation treaty with the Bangladesh government.\"Without the deportation treaty, nothing is going to be fruitful. Even if the state detects the migrants, without a treaty, we can't send them back to their native places in Bangladesh,\" added Bora.The AGP demanded that detected migrants be labeled 'nation-less people' till such time as they are kept in detention camps.\"Our satra lands, tribal belts, and even Kaziranga National Park have encroached by illegal citizens. So, the need of the hour is to evict these suspected infiltrators. The Centre needs to act. Even the spadework hasn't been done yet. The NRC must be updated by the end of next year,\" said Boro.The AGP delegation also met the Chief Election Commissioner and submitted a memorandum asking the Election Commission to restore the ballot voting system instead of EVMs in the state's polls, including the ensuing panchayat election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17164870", "title": "Trichy MP walks out of railway meet", "text": "TRICHY: Member of Parliament from Trichy, P Kumar, on Friday walked out of a coordination meeting between MPs, whose constituencies come under Trichy and Madurai divisions, and railway officials alleging that none of his proposals had been considered. Kumar charged that he had submitted 18 proposals to the railway board but none of them had been considered favourably.Kumar had been raising his voice to restore the Rockfort Express back to its original schedule between Trichy and Chennai Egmore. The Rockfort Express, which was running between Chennai and Trichy was cancelled in 2000 during the gauge makeover, and when it was reintroduced it was extended up to Thanjavur in 2006, and then to Kumbakonam in 2008. \"It is only natural that the Rockfort Express must originate from the Rockfort city and if such a small demand is not fulfilled, and every proposal is explained away that it would be considered by the Railway Board, then what is the point of meeting here,\" Kumar said before walking out.Mayiladuthurai MP O S Maniam highlighted that there is no express train that originates from Thanjavur at present and wanted the Tiruchendur Express to make a stopover at Papanasam that would benefit the business community. The MPs also wanted the recently introduced intercity express between Trichy and Tirunelveli to be extended up to Kanyakumari and sought for a stop at Mannapparai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17164921", "title": "Agriculture students to get hands-on experience in farms", "text": "DHARWAD: The University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS) in Dharwad has introduced internship for BSc (Agri) final year students and made it mandatory for each student to undergo internship before being eligible to obtain the degree.What is unique with this internship programme called Rural Agricultural Works Experiment (RAWE) is that students during the seventh semester will have to work with farmers to have the first-hand knowledge of agricultural operations and work at Raitha Sampraka Kendras.As part of their visit to agriculture science centres, students can understand importance and application of various technologies on farm. Visiting Raitha Samparka Kendras help them to know the real problems being faced by the farmers, their demands, expectations with regards to seeds, fertilizers and other services. During the extension programme, internees have to interact with the farmers, try to solve their problems and help the farmers to adapt new farming methods that help to get more yield. Here, the students also get the opportunity to interact with farmers who induced innovative agriculture methods to get more profit in their small piece of land.The visit to different banks that are associated with farmers and farming activities would make students understand different loan schemes. The most important part of the internship is staying with the family of farmers for at least 12 weeks. Here, the students get to mingle with the families of farmers. Besides learning the farming activities by mingling with the farmers, the students will also be given the responsibility of creating awareness on various issues like health and hygiene.During the seventh semester, the student will also be sent to food processing and agro-based industries. This step of the university aims at making the students to know how they can turn agriculture into a profit making business.The students will be divided into several groups and each group will be guided by a lecturer throughout the six months.Around 370 students from five colleges covered under the university will be the part of RAWE. At the end of the internship, they will also be sent on an all India tour.Speaking to TOI, RR Hanchinal, vice-chancellor, UAS, Dharwad, said, The aim of the internship is to to produce efficient graduates, who can bring the much-needed revival to the agriculture sector. During the seventh semester, each student gets a stipend of Rs 1,500 from the government and Rs 750 from the university as general expenditure support.The students will get 20 credits based on their performance in the filed, interaction with farmers, attendance, project report and their conduct. A written test will also be conducted at the end of the semester to assess their performance.The new programme exposes students to the problems faced by farmers and also to the hurdles faced by agriculture officers in implementing the government programmes, said Dr KV Natikar, project coordinator According to Malik, a student of the varsity, the internship is useful especially for students who are not from rural background.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17165143", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDistributing eco-friendly crackers to people\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LUDHIANA: The youngsters in the city have taken the responsibility of keeping Diwali clean this year by spreading the awareness with rallies and door-to-door campaigning.At Ryan International School, Dugri, students from montessori and senior wings took out a rally in the school's vicinity to spread awareness among residents.Kirandeep Kaur, 19, a resident of Chandigarh Road, said she will spread the word about celebrating an eco-friendly Diwali along with friends in her locality. \"We have been keeping away from crackers from past two years and we will distribute eco-friendly crackers, which emit colours and papers and not smoke, to people this year,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17163958", "title": "Is Rajneesh Goel moving out?", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel has asked for a transfer, sources said.He could the second commissioner of Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike to go following the recent garbage crisis. He had taken over from MK Shankarlinge Gowda who was transferred just as the garbage mess was assuming crisis proportions. The initiative Goel launched to tackle the mess is floundering.Goel, who took charge on August 28, is believed to have written to the principal secretary, urban development department (UDD), seeking a transfer. Sources said ISN Prasad, principal secretary (IT&BT;) is likely to replace Goel.Asked whether he had indeed asked for a transfer, Goel only said: \"These are not things to be commented upon given my work ethics.\"Amitha Prasad, principal secretary, UDD, denied she had received any transfer request from Goel.\"As late as Thursday, Goel and I attended a garbage-related meeting with the chief secretary to discuss the future course of action. However, I don't know if he has sent any mail to me today\" she said.Amitha said another top BBMP official, additional commissioner (solid waste management) Salma K Fahim, has asked for a transfer on personal grounds. \"We're considering it,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17165090", "title": "Youth commits suicide in Durgakund", "text": "VARANASI: An 18-year-old student of a coaching institute committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of his hostel room in Durgakund area under Bhelupur police station.According to reports, Rahul Rai, a native of Ghazipur district, was enrolled with a private coaching institute in Durgakund area and lived in a hostel in the same locality. On Friday, his body was found hanging from the ceiling after which the incident was reported to the police. The body was sent for postmortem and his family members have been informed about the incident.Train robbery: A group of armed miscreants looted ornaments and other valuables from the passengers of Allahabad-Maduadih passenger train near Raja Talab area on Thursday night. The miscreants boarded a compartment of the train at Raja Talab railway station and looted passengers at gunpoint. They fled after pulling the chain. The matter was reported to GRP when the train reached Maduadih railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164092", "title": "E-way buyout: Haryana approaches NHAI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Haryana government on Friday formally offered to buyout the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway - nearly a week after its chief minister hinted at the state's intention to do so. NHAI officials, however, felt that Haryana's takeover would be \"too tricky and difficult\".The proposal of \"purchasing\" the expressway came up at a meeting held to ease traffic flow on the 27.7-km stretch, and not just at the two toll plazas. \"NHAI officials said this needs to be examined since it involves bankers, who have lent fund for the project. Besides, the cost of the project has to be calculated after taking all stakeholders - banks and the two state governments - on board. Cost will depend on negotiation,\" said a senior government official who attended the meeting.NHAI officials said that the concession agreement does not have any buyback provision. It only has provisions for force majure and termination of contract. The agreement mentions compensation that NHAI has to give to the concessionaire in case of force majure. It also spells out the detailed formula of the amount that the concessionaire would get from the Authority in case of force majure resulting in termination of the contract. Haryana was also told that that they have signed MoU with the concessionaire before the Delhi High Court to improve traffic flow in a time-bound manner.\"We don't see any merit in buying back the project. Our target is to smooth traffic flow,\" said a top NHAI official. Earlier, Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda had claimed the state has enough fund to buy back the project to make the drive to Gurgaon \"hassle-free\" for commuters.However, NHAI officials said that there is no provision of a state government buying out this project and only the Authority can take back the project from the contractor either in case of force majure or by terminating the agreement.On Friday, a technical committee, comprising members from Haryana PWD, NHAI, Gurgaon municipality and HUDA, was formed that will come out with an elaborate report. Haryana government officials also asked NHAI to expedite the process of putting toll plazas on electronic toll collection mode for faster clearance of traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17165795", "title": "Illegal cracker vendors to face police fireworks", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It is time for city police to crack the whip on cracker vendors and manufacturers who sell and prepare fireworks producing noise beyond the permissible sound limit.While police have given permission to around 620 people to open cracker shops in the city, around thirty authorized cracker manufacturing centres exist in Jatni, Balipatna and Balianta areas under the commissionerate police.\"We have formed squads to crack the whip on errant cracker vendors. We will conduct random checks on shops and check the sound-level of crackers and explosives. The offenders will be penalized under Odisha Urban Police Act,\" DCP Nitinjit Singh said on Friday.The Orissa State Pollution Control Board (OSPCB) too has urged police to crackdown on illegal cracker manufacturing units. \"If police start taking action against the manufacturers, it will create a sense of fear among other sellers,\" said OSPCB's senior environmental scientist Dilip Kumar Behera.A study by the pollution control board during Diwali last year indicated that the noise-level was way above permissible limits owing to bursting of earsplitting crackers. Against the standard limit of 55 decibel in residential areas, the noise level in the city during last Diwali hovered over the 85-mark in day time and touched nearly 95 during the night. In the silence zone of Capital Hospital, where the standard sound limit should be restricted to 50 decibel in day time and 40 in night, the noise level increased to 70 during day and 68 in night.The air pollution level too rose exponentially during last Diwali. The OSPCB had installed respiratory dust sample equipment and sound level meter instruments at a few places in the city to check air quality and noise pollution level. The survey was conducted \"during\" as well \"prior\" to the Diwali celebrations to read the differences. Respiratory suspended particulate matter (RSPM) increased to 220 microgram meter cub (g/m3) last Diwali from 208 g/m3 recorded in 2010 in Nayapally area. The standard RSPM is 100 g/m3. The level of fine particles in air rose to nearly 400 g/m3 in 2011 from 334 g/m3 in 2010 in IRC Village.\"The level of sulphur dioxide (SO2) and Nitrogen oxide (NOx) also registered stiff increase during last Diwali compared to the year before that,\" Behera said, adding that this happened despite a series of campaigns and awareness programmes by the pollution control board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17165059", "title": "College to open innovation lab", "text": "MANGALORE: To provide a platform for engineering students and researchers to innovate, the Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management (SCEM) has set up four centres - government research and development, incubation, placement and training.Manjunath Bhandary, chairman of SCEM told reporters here on Thursday that the centres were started with the support of Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) and the state government.Minister for higher education CT Ravi will inaugurate the centres in SCEM premises on Saturday. \"The minister will also inaugurate a centre of excellence and an innovation lab set up with the assistance of IIIT- Allahabad on the campus,\" he added.\"Students of all colleges in the region can make use of these centres. The objective of opening such centres is to promote innovative ideas. In the innovation laboratory experts will guide students about designing various products. The centre of excellence aims at bridging the gap between the industry and academia and will train students according to the needs of the industry,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17163684", "title": "Lindstedt-Tecau score win in ATP World Tour Finals", "text": "LONDON: The world no. 4 pair of Robert Lindstedt of Sweden and Horia Tecau of Romania , pulled one back, beating the Wimbledon champions Dane Frederik Nielsen and Jonathan Marray of Britain 6-3, 7-5 in 78-minutes in the last Group B league engagement of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals.Tecau and Lindstedt, who had lost their first two matches against Canada's Daniel Nestor and Max Mirnyi of Belarus , and against the Indian pairing of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna , were simply too good for Nielsen and Murray on the day.The Brit-Dane combine have topped their group, courtesy their win over Bhupathi and Bopanna on Tuesday, despite the fact that both pairs have two wins each. Their opponents for Sunday's semifinals will only be known and after the last set league matches are completed on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17164283", "title": "New fares for Kamrup (Metro) dist from November 13", "text": "GUWAHATI: There is every likelihood of another tussle between passengers and transport workers in the city with the Regional Transport Authority (RTA) of Kamrup (Metro) district all set to fix the new fare structure for buses and share taxis for Guwahati from November 13.Various organizations, including NDFB(P) and Aasu, have vehemently opposed the 25 per cent hike in fares across the state, which has been approved by the state transport department. But the RTA said fares will be rationalized to serve the interests of passengers as well as vehicle-owners.\"The RTA of Kamrup (Metro) district will fix the fare structure of commercial vehicles for Guwahati and its outskirts on November 12. The revised fares will be effective from November 13,\" said Kushal Hazarika, RTA secretary, Kamrup (Metro).He added the state transport department has approved the maximum fare limits only, but the RTA meeting on November 12 will decide the fare structure for different kinds of vehicles.On the other hand, the state transport authority will fix the fare structure for long-distance buses after Diwali.Earlier, passengers and transport workers engaged in scuffles along various routes in Guwahati recently, after a local co-ordination committee of bus and share taxi associations hiked fares without the consent of the RTA, Kamrup (Metro).Though the transporters' bodies are eagerly waiting for RTA's nod to the revised fares, passengers expressed discontent over the decision. \"We appeal to all transporters' associations not to hike the fares. Aasu stands with people and we are opposed to any fare hike. The hike is unacceptable,\" said Aasu president Sankar Prasad Rai.He said that the state government did not take the opinion of the public while hiking the fares by 25 per cent.Santanu Dey, a resident of the Panjabari area, said, \"Twenty-five per cent hike is too much. Fare hike should be justified to both transporters and the passengers. We will continue to oppose the hike.\"The state government decided to hike the fares after the Rs 5 hike in diesel price in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163517", "title": "School guard held for molesting nursery girl", "text": "KOLKATA: A security guard of a private girls' school in the city has been arrested for allegedly molesting a nursery girl on November 6.The accused was arrested on Wednesday, said joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh.Students of the school boycotted classes on Friday while their parents held a demonstration, demanding appointment of female security guards.The city was recently shocked by allegation of molestation by a carpool driver .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11579186", "title": "Recipe: Hot Minestrone with Strawberry Mousse", "text": "Here are three easy to make lip-smacking recipes that will make you the star of that evening get-together with friends , family or that special someone.Coffee Cocktail (makes 1, 5 minutes, easy)Ingredients:50 ml strong coffee, cooled 1 tbsp kahlua (Available in gourmet and wine stores) 2 tbsp double cream Cocoa powder, for dustingMethod: - Mix the coffee and kahlua in together. Pour the mixture in a martini glass. - Slowly pour in the double cream over the back of a teaspoon so that it gently settles on the top of the coffee mixture. - Dust with a little cocoa and serve.Hot Minestrone (serves 4, 40 minutes, easy)Ingredients: 1 onion, chopped 1 tbsp olive oil 1 garlic clove, sliced 2 celery stalks, diced 2 carrots, diced 400 g tomatoes, chopped 400 g kidney beans, boiled 600 ml vegetable stock 100 g spinach, washed and chopped Crusty bread, to serveMethod: - Cook the onions in the olive oil until they become soft. - Add the garlic, celery and carrots. Cook for a minute then add the tomatoes, beans and the vegetable stock. Simmer the mixture for 20 minutes. - Add the spinach and simmer for another 10 minutes. - Serve with crusty bread.Strawberry Mousse (serves 6, 20 minutes + chilling, easy)Ingredients: 3 egg whites 50 g caster sugar 300 g strawberries, whizzed to a puree (sweeten if needed) 142 ml double cream, softly whippedMethod: - Whisk the egg whites until they make for stiff peaks. - Whisk in the sugar to make it glossy. - Fold the cream into the mixture, mix and leave it to chill. - Once cool, mix in the puree (make sure to leave a few tbsp for the garnish). - Spoon the mousse into glasses and swirl the extra strawberry puree over the mousse. - Chill then serveshivangani.dhawan@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17165744", "title": "ASI tortures minor orphan, suspended", "text": "BANGALORE: Police commissioner BG Jyothiprakash Mirji on Friday suspended assistant sub-inspector (ASI) of police Timme Gowda, attached to Kamakshipalya police station, for allegedly torturing a minor orphan.On Thursday, a police team led by Timme Gowda, had taken the minor into custody to question him in a theft case. It was filed by the owner of the house where the victim and his unc8les stay. The complainant said 1 kg of silver articles were missing from his house.\"Police did not inform the minor's family. The boy was tortured all night and kicked on his private parts. He has been shifted to a private hospital,\" said Ramesh Kumar, a relative of the boy.The 16-year-old is a school dropout and works in a private footwear store in Kamakshipalya, said Ramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17162577", "title": "Zilla panchayat member helps bring VPs closer to citizens", "text": "BICHOLIM: The many public interest schemes the BJP has put in place after coming to power in the state is are having a unique consequence in Bicholim, where large crowds of people from remote areas throng the office of the mamlatdar to complete the requisite formalities. Thus, private players who engage in services such as photocopying, affidavit typing and other such needs, have seen their businesses boom, and charge hefty fees for the same. Now, the local zilla panchayat is swinging into action, and has undertaken a unique task of providing all these facilities under one roof in the different panchayats of Bicholim constituency.As of now, sources say the mamlatdar is finding it difficult to attend to the vast crowds, and to overcome this, ZP member Shilpa Naik has now made all documents available under one roof, and for this, she has sought help from the mamlatdar's office, and under this plan, all relevant officers go to every panchayat office and make the documents available. Thanks to this, several villagers now don't have to go all the way to the mamlatdar's office, and also, fees for the same are negligible compares to the private charges they would otherwise be paying.Sources told TOI that around 500-600 people from every panchayat have benefited from this. \"We have reduced the tremendous load of work for which the ZP is to be appreciated,\" said Bicholim mamlatdar Chandrakant Shetkar. Deputy sarpanch Babasaheb Rane from Latambacem said that villagers from remote areas have now expressed a sigh of relief after this plan was put into place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164345", "title": "CDRI develops drug for healing, rebuilding of bones", "text": "LUCKNOW: Central Drug Research Institute, Lucknow has developed a drug - 'Novel Bone Anabolic Agents' for accelerated healing of fractures by stimulating bone formation. The institute has also recently entered into an exclusive licence agreement with an US-based firm for further production and development. These naturally occurring anabolic agents were isolated from the stem-bark of a Himalayan tree that grows at elevations of 800 metres to 3,000 metres above sea level. Researchers were attracted to this plant based on the traditional knowledge of its use in Kumaon and Garhwal regions of Uttarakhand as poultice made from its stem-bark for rapid fracture healing.Indian and international patent applications have already been filed to protect this invention. Bone anabolic therapy - a treatment for rebuilding new bone is an unmet need. The only available bone anabolic agent today is a fragment of human parathyroid hormone (PTH) that suffers from limitations like prohibitive cost of treatment, safety aspects including bone cancer , daily administration by injection making treatment less favourable, and could only be given to a patient once in life for a maximum period of 2 years. But the developed molecules claim to overcome many of these disadvantages associated with PTH.In a country like India, where thousands of accidents occur daily and the victims in large measure are from economically deprived section of the society, rapid fracture healing agents like these could help victims returning to their jobs early.It is estimated that there are at least 300 million patients of osteoporosis in India alone. These molecules are capable to accelerate fracture healing to a significant extent in both healthy and osteoporotic animals when administered daily by oral route for 2 weeks.Ravi Natarajan, CEO of the US-based firm, said, \"Currently there is no therapy available for accelerating the fracture healing process. The available options have terrible side effects. This launch would be a game changing alternative for treatment of both primary and secondary osteoporosis.\" Besides bone healing properties, these agents help in the treatment of other bone loss conditions such as secondary osteoporosis (resulting from exposure to anti-inflammatory steroids) as well as primary osteoporosis (post-menopausal and aging-induced bone loss).A team of scientists at CDRI led by Naibedya Chattopadhyay along with Rakesh Maurya, Sabyasachi Sanyal, Girish K Jain and Anil K. Dwivedi discovered that these compounds reversed the pathology of bone loss disease by inducing new bone formation in animal models.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17164465", "title": "UK to end financial aid to India by 2015", "text": "LONDON: The UK government would end financial aid to India by 2015, British international development secretary Justine Greening said on Friday.The announcement was unsurprising as this had been public knowledge for a while. Support will gradually be phased out between now and 2015, saving \u00c2\u00a3200 m to the UK exchequer. Britain's focus will thereafter shift to offering technical assistance.\"The move reflected India's economic progress and status,\" Greening said. \"After reviewing the programme and holding discussions with the government of India, we agreed that now is the time to move to a relationship focusing on skill sharing rather than aid.\"Right-wing MPs and press had continuously been criticizing assistance to India, saying a country which spends colossal sums on defence and space programme did not deserve it.The British government had defended the aid on the basis of prevailing poverty in India. One-third of the world's poorest are Indians.The move comes as a relief to India, which while being embarrassed over it was reluctant to take the initiative in terminating the aid.Ex-finance minister and President Pranab Mukherjee had described the assistance as \"peanuts\", but did not call for its end.Save The Children charity described the UK's decision as \"premature\".\"Despite India's impressive economic progress, 1.6 million children died in India last year - a quarter of all global child deaths,\" said Kitty Arie, the charity's director of advocacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17164019", "title": "Madhya Pradesh high court directs Tax department department to speed up IAS officer's appeal", "text": "JABALPUR: In a relief to suspended IAS officer Dr Rajesh Rajora, the Madhya Pradesh high court has directed the Income Tax department to expeditiously decide his appeal against the assessment order within four months.The court also gave directions to the IT authorities not to take any coercive steps against him for a period of 30 days.The division bench of Justices K K Lahoti and Vimla Jain gave the directions on November 5 on a petition filed by Rajora, his lawyer Sumit Nema told reporters.The court also directed the IT officers to decide the stay application of Rajora within 30 days and also asked them not to take any coercive steps against him till that period, on the issue of demand generated by the IT department.A search was carried out at the then state health commissioner Rajora's official residence in 2008.Following the search, an assessment order was issued by the IT authorities on December 30, 2010 and against that Rajora had filed an appeal with the department under section 246 of the Income Tax Act.The appeal is pending with the department for consideration since January 2011 and affecting the career of the senior officer, Nema said adding that in view of the delay he had moved the high court for getting relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17164418", "title": "Consider NGO's PIL, says HC to TNERC", "text": "COIMBATORE: Based on a writ petition filed by the NGO, Coimbatore Consumer Cause, the first bench of the Madras high court in its order directed Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC) to consider the representation of the association and pass appropriate order in accordance with law, with respect to the indiscriminate power cuts in the region.K Kathirmathiyon, secretary, Coimbatore Consumer Cause said based on the writ petition filed by us, the order was passed by chief justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T Sivagnanam. \"From 2010 we have been giving several representations to the TNERC and Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Limited (TANGEDCO), against indiscriminate and biased power cuts between Chennai and other parts of Tamil Nadu,\" he said. Since no action was taken on the petition and discrimination continues, a PIL was filed before the Madras high court against TNERC and TANGEDCO.\"We pointed out that out of total requirement of nearly 11,500 MWs, the available power is around 7,000MW and Chennai alone consumes more than 2300MW,\" Kathirmathiyon said. However, Chennai faces only two hours of power cuts, while the rest of the state reels under more than 15 hours of outages. That is unfair, unreasonable and illegal,\" he added.Based on the order, Kathirmathiyon said they would now move the TNERC to take appropriate action. If still nothing takes place the consumer cause would appeal in the Supreme Court, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17165207", "title": "Raids at sweets-making units continue, 6 held", "text": "PATNA: The state food and consumer protection department raided nine places in Dom Toli and Anisabad areas under Gardanibagh police station on Friday. The officials also arrested six workers making sweets in unhygienic conditions.The officials destroyed huge amount of 'Besan barfis', 'Khoya barfis' at Dom Toli. \"The huts in the Dom Toli slum are a safe place to make such sweets. The makers collect rotten and fermented sweets from the market and recycle them,\" said Asish Kumar Singh, OSD, Bihar food and consumer protection department.\"The Dom Toli area is terribly unhygienic. Pigs roam around the huts with heaps of garbage dumped around. Nobody ever raided such places and they were running the business for long,\" he said.The poor quality sweets were sent to far-flung districts as in urban areas they cannot sell them.The officials also sealed four small sweet shops near Anisabad. The shop owners, however, absconded. \"Few samples were collected to be sent for laboratory test to determine the quality of the sweets,\" Singh said.Unlike other places, the officials found expired milk powder, besan and flour, liquid glucose and vanaspati at these places. The officials concerned have been conducting raids at different places in the city and destroying huge amount of adulterated sweets, paneer and snacks for the last four days.The chemicals and the sugar being used to make the sweets were certainly not edible, Singh said, adding such sweets could damage the digestive system. Khoya, required in abundance during this time of the year for making sweets, is adulterated by adding impure maida, semolina, oil and chemicals like sodium hydroxide, sodium carbonate and urea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167282", "title": "Aviva to make Sandalwood debut", "text": "Fashion guru Prasad Bidapa's daughter Aviva Bidapa will soon be making her debut in Sandalwood. Aviva, we hear, will be playing one of the heroines alongside Harshika Poonacha and Thanush Gowda in the film 'Ale'. But what took Aviva this long to enter the fray? \"I studied business in school and, more than fashion, I was interested in handling the day-today affairs of my father's company. Films happened by fluke because I never fancied being a movie star,\" says Aviva, adding that she has received many movie offers, but could not accommodate any due to h e r hectic schedule, which included travelling for her father's shows. \"But when the Ale offer came, dad asked me if I wanted to do it. He thought I could carry it off, so I signed the film,\" she tells us.  Aviva will be playing a doctor in the film and will soon head to Dubai to shoot for her introduction song. But didn't she want to be launched in a big-budget film with a stellar cast? \"All I'm looking for right now is to learn to shed my inhibitions as an actor,\" says the 21-year-old. But we hear the lass is preparing for a bigger innings. Sources say that she has an offer from Farah Khan and might soon enter Bollywood. \"Well, you have to ask my dad that. He's the one who decides things for me. But there's still time for all that,\" says Aviva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17165742", "title": "'Unknown killer' of kids identified as Japanese encephalitis", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The 'unknown' fever, which killed several children in Malkangiri district between October 9 and November 1, seems to have been decoded with Japanese encephalitis (JE) being cited as the cause of the disease. According to official figures, 23 children succumbed to the disease, while the unofficial toll stood at 40.Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC) sent a report to the state integrated disease surveillance cell saying they found JE virus in 10 samples in the affected areas. \"We tested children suffering in the area for various diseases such as dengue, JE and Chandipura virus. Ten samples tested positive for JE,\" RMRC director S K Kar told TOI.RMRC had also sent blood samples from the locality to National Institute of Virology, Pune, and found identical results. Kar said clinical symptoms of the deceased children and current morbidity of others confirm JE was the killer.Children in the age group of four days to 10 years were killed due to the disease. While some of them died within 48 hours, others survived up to six days. The children suffered vomiting and drowsiness with or without high body temperature, said an RMRC scientist familiar with the development.Dr Kar said Culex Vishnoi, the mosquitoes that transmit JE from pigs to human, were abundantly available in the affected localities. Besides, there were also several piggeries in the area. JE is not transmitted from human to human, he said.A six-member RMRC team had visited Malkangiri to find out the reason behind deaths in the first week of November. The first death was reported from Badli village on October 9. Twenty-two more children succumbed to the disease by November 1. Doctors had suspected measles among the affected children and had treated them accordingly. A team from MKCG Medical College and Hospital, Berhampur, had also visited the district to investigate the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17163768", "title": "No water in Panchvati today due to maintenance", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has announced that water will not be supplied on Saturday evening in some parts of Panchavati due electricity maintenance works at the Gopalnagar pumping station.Power will not be available from 10am to 4 pm at the water filtration plant in Panchavati. Water will not be released on Saturday evening in the K K Wagh College area, Sai Nagar, Gopal Nagar, Hanuman Nagar, Konark Nagar, Adgaon, the Rural Police headquaters area in Adgaon, MET College and Beedi Kamgar Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17164427", "title": "Posing as corporation men, 2 flee with gold from home", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two unidentified people, posing as corporation employees, decamped with five and a half sovereigns of gold jewels from a 52-year-old woman's house at Pachapalayam near Perur on the outskirts of the city on Thursday. The duo allegedly pretended to help the woman receive her dues from the widows' welfare fund.Police said, the duo went to Ruby Nagar in Pachapalayam and enquired about the whereabouts of Devarajan's house. GD Aleep, Devarajan's wife, was in the house. Her husband had passed on just recently. She invited the two people inside when they told her they were from the Coimbatore corporation office and had come to help her get her widows' welfare fund dues.While discussing the procedures involved in receiving the welfare fund, Aleep's daughter in law, A Maniselvi (23), removed her 5.5 sovereigns of gold jewels and kept it on a table and then went for a bath. The culprits had noticed this. They asked Aleep for a cup of water and as soon as she left to get them water, they seized the jewelry and fled.When Maniselvi found her jewels missing , she alerted the neighbours, who searched for the duo but in vain. Maniselvi lodged a complaint with Perur police station. A case has been registered and an investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167598", "title": "Rakshith\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s dustbin confessions", "text": "Social networking sites are sure a boon for many, so much so that it helps newcomers to bag roles in Sandalwood. The person in this context is actor Rakshith Shetty, who got his first film offer 'Tughlak', which also starred Meghana Gaonkar via his social networking page.\"Aravind (director) contacted me on my social networking page and I met him at a coffee shop where he narrated the script. Though people didn't understand the efforts we took for the movie, as an actor, the experience was quite enriching,\" says Rakshith, who is currently shooting for Simple Aagond Love Story opposite Shwetha Srivatsav. While Rakshith is keen on making a mark as an actor in Sandalwood, he's is already testing waters in film direction as well.\"I have two to three scripts ready and I am currently working on a short film, Confessions of a Dustbin . The dustbin is the protagonist in this fantasy film. We are looking at having a niche release at few multiplexes,\" says Rakshith.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17164250", "title": "Sunny willing to quit, but who'll replace him?", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Though municipal chairman Sunny Kalloor expressed his willingness to resign from the post, a decision about the new chairman was not arrived at, in the UDF parliamentary party meeting held on Friday.Based on the understanding arrived at within the Congress party at the time of UDF taking charge of office in 2010, the current chairman was bound to step down from the post after two years, giving way to others.However, a majority of the Congress councillors wanted Kalloor to continue in the post. They also pleaded that if Kaloor quits the post, the new chairman should be elected through an election amongst the Congress councillors.The rival group in the Congress claimed that according to the understanding M P Santosh Kumar was to become the chairman after two years.Now, the final decision will be made by a high power district-level committee of the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167338", "title": "Films that failed to take off", "text": "In Bollywood, several films are announced every year with a lot of fanfare. And while a handful of them make it to the theatres, some barely manage to cross the planning stage to get to the floors. 2012 was no exception.From Karan Johar to Sudhir Mishra - many filmmakers revealed their plans for that one dream flick. Unfortunately, we are still waiting for any concrete progress on theFILM 1 Mehrunissa  The Big Launch Nikhil Advani's Emmay Enetrtainment Private Limited and DAR Motion Pictures announced their opus at the onset of 2012. The Sudhir Mishra film was supposed to bring Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor together on screen.Twists And Turns Initially, it was reported that the makers were waiting for Amitabh Bachchan's nod of approval. We even heard Abhishek Bachchan and Ranbir Kapoor would play the young Amitabh-Rishi in the film. However, the selection of the leading lady posed a problem. While early reports suggested that Mishra may let go of his muse Chitrangdha Singh for the project, after reports of Katrina Kaif , Deepika Padukone and Vidya Balan vying for the role, Mishra said that it would be Chitrangdha playing the female lead after all.Status Update It is still unclear when the film is going to go on floors.Film 2 Sher Khan The Big Launch That Salman's little brother Sohail is planning a venture titled Sher Khan was announced early on. However, whether the actor then busy with Ek Tha Tiger would opt to shoot Arbaaz's Dabangg 2 or Sohail's film was yet unknown.Twists And Turns So, Salman chose to go for Dabangg 2 first. Meanwhile, we learnt that Sher Khan would be a superhero flick where the actor would be dressed up as a Pathan a la Pran's Sher Khan in Zanjeer . It was then reported that owing to his nervous disorder, Salman's superhero avatar would go easy on the action sequences. We also heard that finally calendar girl Angela Jonsson would make her Bollywood debut with the film.Status Update Last we heard, Sohail denied having finalised anything. Last month he said, \"Sher Khan is still being finalised.\"Film 3 Kick  The Big Launch Sajid Nadiadwala had bought the rights of the 2009 Telugu blockbuster Kick , before the year ran out.Twists And Turns It was initially supposed to be directed by Kabir Khan . In 2011, Nadiadwala announced his film again, this time with Shirish Kunder donning the director's mantle. In 2012, Kunder too opted out and the producer claimed that he would turn to direction with this ambitious project.Status Update  Salman Khan , reportedly the lead actor in Kick, is busy with his other projects leaving Kick's future a blur.FILM 4 Immortals Of Meluha The Big Launch Karan Johar bought the film rights of Amish Tripathi's Immortals of Meluha . He was quoted saying, \"I was blown away with the world of Meluha and rivetted by Amish's creation...\" and we are very excited to promote Amish's labour of love.\"Twists And Turns According to insiders, Karan locked in on Hrithik Roshan to play the character of Shiva. Kareena Kapoor or Priyanka Chopra were being considered for the role of 'Sati'.Status Update Reportedly, Hrithik and Kareena have been signed on for another KJo project to be directed by Karan Malhotra.FILM 5 Power  The Big Launch  Rajkumar Santoshi in a press conference announced his multistarrer with cast members Amitabh Bachchan, Anil Kapoor , Sanjay Dutt and Ajay Devgn.The Big Launch Ajay and Sanjay walked out of the film and a week into the shooting the film was shelved.Status Update The director tried to revive the film but failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17165263", "title": "Countdown of Nitish govt has begun, says Dipankar Bhattacharya", "text": "PATNA: CPI (ML) general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharya on Friday said the countdown for Nitish Kumar-led NDA regime has begun. He said the Adhikar Rally held on November 4, instead of showcasing the strength of the ruling JD-U demonstrated its weakness. He said this while addressing the party's impressive Parivartan Rally at Gandhi Maidan here.Dipankar lambasted the CM for holding Adhikar Rally on the plank of Bihari ashmita but ending up projecting tainted leaders like Anant Singh, Sunil Pandey and Munna Shukla, the ML general secretary said, adding they considered Bihar as their fiefdom.\"Nitish Kumar says the NDA government has ushered in 'sushasan' in the state but what was the Patna police doing when supporters of mastermind of over a dozen massacres kept the state capital on tenterhooks, indulging in large-scale arson and violence on June 2? On the other hand, the police of this 'sushasan' rained lathis on teachers agitating for their legitimate demands.\" Dipankar also accused CM Nitish Kumar of embracing the politics of appeasement.The ML general secretary also lashed out at CM Kumar for repeatedly playing the card of special category status. \"The case for special category status to Bihar is not confined to Bihar. This also applies to Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Rajasthan. If Nitish Kumar wants that special category status is accorded to Bihar, he will have to jointly raise the matter with these states,\" Dipankar said, adding changes were required in the parameters fixed for according such a status to any state.Though the ML general secretary termed the CM's Pakistan visit a good gesture, he wondered what would he say in Pakistan when people there ask him why has he teamed up with BJP to form the government. The BJP is known for its Pakistan-bashing, he said.A host of leaders from Punjab and Maharashtra also attended the rally. The crowd got agitated when former Bihar minister Hind Keshri Yadav, who was beaten up last month by liquor mafia in Muzaffarpur, showed his wounds. Yadav told the audience that the Nitish Kumar government was looting the state with the help of IAS and IPS officers.Others who addressed the rally were former Union minister Devendra Prasad Yadav , party's central committee member and AIPWA general secretary Meena Tiwari, R B Rai from Gorkhaland movement, Bagodar MLA in Jharkhand Vinod Kumar Singh and JNU students union general secretary Shakeel Anjum.The party also adopted an eight-point resolution. Among other things, It called on people to make the all-India hartal called by different trade unions on February 20-21 next year against price rise, loot of natural resources, corruption and FDI in retail, a grand success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17162862", "title": "Cleaning drive in Connaught Place from today", "text": "NEW DELHI: New Delhi Municipal Council will start a cleaning drive from Saturday in the inner circle of Connaught Place. NDMC officials say that no manual cleaning will take place and mechanical sweepers and machines will used to clean the pavements and roads, open ditches will be covered and the stained walls will be painted.\"Connaught Place is buzzing with Diwali rush but due to the ongoing redevelopment work, the area is enveloped in dust and construction material strewn over the place. Like everyone clean their homes in Diwali, we will clean the market. The pavements will be polished too. All the ditches will be covered and the revamp work will be expedited,\" said Amit Prasad, NDMC spokesperson.But the outer circle will be untouched. \"At present we are just cleaning the inner circle and not the outer circle. We are taking up work that can be done before Tuesday,\" said Prasad.However, traders aren't enthused with the move. \"They might clean pavements and roads, but these are all cosmetic repairs. When will they complete the work? This will be third Diwali that the market is in a mess and our sales have dipped. They may make promises but they are all hollow,\" said a trader .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17165208", "title": "Cops to keep close eye on gamblers", "text": "PATNA: If you want to make a fortune out of a pack of cards this Diwali, beware! Patna police are keeping a close watch on the possible gambling dens and the habitual gamblers.Diwali round the corner, gambling activities increase in the state capital. Senior superintendent of police (SSP), Patna, Amrit Raj on Friday directed the officials concerned to conduct raids at places infamous for gambling, including some city hotels. He also asked them to keep a close vigil on all liquor shops and suspicious characters who hang around such shops.\"Dussehra passed away without any untoward incident and we want the same this Diwali and Chhath. Petty crimes like chain snatching, bike lifting and eve-teasing tend to increase during this festive season. Patrolling by quick mobiles near market and shopping complexes would be intensified as women turn up in large numbers at these places for marketing on the eve of festivals,\" he said. He also ordered the police stations concerned to beef up security in areas with dubious reputation. Fifty points in the city have been identified as sensitive.\"Keep an eye on all known gambling dens and liquor shops so that they do not sell alcohol. We will also be monitoring the activities of the criminals who have been released on bail recently,\" he said. \"We conduct raids when we get specific information about gambling taking place at public places. But how can we raid homes and private places?\" asked the SSP.\"The three days before Diwali are crucial for the regular gamblers. I remember a car dealer committed suicide a day before Diwali as he lost around Rs 16 lakh on the table,\" said a senior police official.The officer said, \"City women also participate in gambling. For some rich women, gambling is a ritual on Diwali night and they believe it brings them good luck. However, these ladies play cards at private parties, especially at posh clubs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "17164820", "title": "Faridkot abduction: Nishan's plea to get girl's statement recorded dismissed", "text": "BATHINDA: Faridkot court on Friday dismissed an application moved by Nishan Singh, prime accused in the abduction of a minor girl, requesting the court to have girl's statement recorded under section 164 of the CrPC.Meanwhile, the court also sent Navjot Kaur, mother of the accused, and two others in judicial custody up to November 23.However, the court reserved its decision on an application moved by the parents of the girl requesting permission for getting abortion of the girl done.Meanwhile, Gundagardi Virodhi Saanjhi Action Committee (GVSAC) held protest march as well as dharna in Bathinda on Friday demanding the return of the girl to her home from Nari Niketan. Thousands of peoples of over 50 organizations took part in the protest. The action committee has announced next protest in Jalandhar on October 18.The protester blocked road for more than three hours in front of mini secretariat and raised slogans against the Punjab government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17164946", "title": "Deadlock over canteen, mess prices continues", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after temporary relief was given to PU students over mess food charges by rolling back the hike, the deadlock over the hiked prices of food items in hostel canteen and at the student centre continued as students refused to compromise.While the hunger strike by two students entered its third day on Friday, the total number of students on strike increased to 14. What appears to have diluted the strike is the return of most protesters, who are hostel residents, to their hometown for Diwali.The PU authorities had sent hostel wardens to negotiate and settle a reasonable food price, but students refused to budge from their demanded rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17163828", "title": "Murray beats Tsonga to reach ATP World Tour semis", "text": "LONDON: Home-hope Andy Murray was at his ruthless best against Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the final Group A league engagement of the Barclays ATP World Finals at The O2 Arena.Murray, 25, the Olympic gold medalist and US Open champion, the tournament's no. 3 seed, came through 6-2, 7-6 (7-3) in 1 hour and 36 minutes late on Friday.World no. 1 Novak Djokovic with three wins in the league stage of the competition topped Group A, while Murray with two wins and one loss, to Djokovic on Wednesday, finished second.The top two players in the group go through to Sunday's semifinals. Czech Tomas Berdych with one win and two losses (to Murray and Djokovic) finished third, while Tsonga, last year's runners-up, and seeded seventh, managed only to win a set in this year's competition.It is as yet unclear who Djokovic and Murray will play in the semifinals as the last round of league matches in Group B will only be completed late on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "17164918", "title": "300 stolen LPG cylinders found, 7 of gang arrested", "text": "MANSA: The high cost of non-subsidized LPG cylinders seems to have given birth to gangs of thieves steal only cylinders. One such gang was busted by the Mansa police on Friday with the arrest of seven members and seizure of 300 stolen LPG cylinders.The gangsters had been operating in four districts of Punjab -- Mansa, Barnala, Bathinda and Sangrur -- for the last few months.Mansa SSP Narinder Bhargava said, \"Police had a tough job of solving theft cases of LPG cylinders from the godowns of gas agencies and succeeded in arresting seven members of a gang on Friday.\" He said the thieves would survey the areas around godowns of gas agencies in the day time and execute the crime at night. The gang used three vehicles to steal cylinders. These vehicles, he added, had a rubber lining inside to minimize the sound emanating from the loading of cylinders.Legal action is also being taken against traders who purchases stolen cylinders from the gangsters, the SSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163744", "title": "Bombay High Court reduces teacher's rigorous imprisonment by a year", "text": "NAGPUR: Considering the weak financial position of an accused teacher, the Bombay High Court's Aurangabad bench granted him respite by reducing his jail sentence by a year. The Nanded sessions court had sentenced the teacher to five years rigorous imprisonment for abetting his wife to commit suicide due to dowry demand.The high court held that even though the accused harassed his wife and abetted her suicide, her mental trauma was aggravated by the poor finances of her husband and hence found it justified to slightly reduce the sentence. \"Wife's letter mentioned that she was frustrated. She had also expressed that all her dreams were shattered in to pieces. Thus, there is the possibility that the financial condition aggravated the things. In view of these circumstances, this court holds that some lenient view can be taken,\" a single-judge bench of TV Nalawade observed.Petitioner Pratap Dhole entered into wedlock with Gangasagar in 1995, but immediately after that he started harassing her by making serious accusations that she was medically unfit to bear a child and was suffering from various deadly diseases. On the pretext of making expenditure on her treatment, Pratap extorted money from her parents who often agreed to his demands. But the harassment didn't stop.Gangasagar often told her family and relatives about the ill-treatment meted out to her, but she got no support from them. On August 10, 1996, Pratap asked his wife to leave the house for bringing money from her parents. When she refused to leave, he slapped her and locked her in a room. Frustrated by this, Gangasagar poured kerosene on her body and set herself afire. Neighbours rushed her to a hospital where she succumbed to the injuries on the same day.In her dying declaration, she blamed harassment and ill-treatment by her husband for taking the extreme step. The sessions court corroborated the allegations in the dying declaration with the witnesses, medical documents and various letters sent by Pratap to Gangasagar's parents demanding money, and also her letters wherein she complained of his disturbing behaviour. Pratap was found guilty of abetting suicide and demanding dowry and was slapped a fine of Rs2,000 along with the RI.Pratap challenged this verdict in the high court. But here also, the court held that the dying declaration was sufficient for his conviction and even other pieces of evidence had affirmed it. The petitioner then requested the judge to take a lenient view in lieu of their financial crunch that led to Gangasagar's frustration and subsequently her suicide. The high court then partly allowed his appeal by reducing his RI by a year.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17167916", "title": "BJP executive member Shettigar demands that Nitin Gadkari step down", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP President Nitin Gadkari on Saturday faced a fresh attack with party national executive member Jagadish Shettigar demanding that he should step down from the top post in the wake of charges of dubious funding of his Purti Group.\"Gadkari is also a swayamsewak (RSS worker) whose dharma (principle) is to protect the interest of the country first and then protect the interest of the organisation. So I am sure being a Swayamsewak as per the conscience he will take the best step in the overall interest of the country and the organisation,\" Shettigar saidHe maintained that timely action on Gadkari's part is crucial. The leader maintained that public perception is important and Gadkari should step down till the process of investigations is completed.Shettigar cited the example of BJP leader L K Advani who had stepped down when allegations were levelled against him in the Hawala case. He had also announced that he will not contest any elections.He refused to speak on the clean chit given to Gadkari by RSS ideologue S Gurumurthy, saying he had not studied his report. However, he said there should be an internal mechanism to identify whether a person is involved in corruption.\"If what has been reported is correct then I think it is not as per what you call the norms of SEBI or other institutions,\" Shettigar said.Before Shettigar, BJP Rajya Sabha MP Ram Jethmalani and his son Mahesh had said Gadkari should immediately step down from his post as the charges against him were damaging the party. He claimed to have the support of other party leaders like Jaswant Singh , Yashwant Sinha and Shatrughan Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17163118", "title": "4 die after train rams jeep at crossing", "text": "JAIPUR: Unmanned railway crossings resulted in yet another tragic accident in the state. Four persons were killed, while one was seriously injured when a train rammed into the jeep they were traveling in in Churu's Hamirvas area on Friday. The local villagers gathered at the railway tracks after the incident.According to the police, the incident took place near Gugalva Kirtan village in the Hamirvas police station area. The four deceased were Pawan Kumar Sharma (35), Jagdish Meghwal (30), Bishan Kumar (22) and Sandeep (10), and they were residents of Gugalva Kirtan.\"The men were on their way to the village in a jeep. They were passing through the unmanned railway crossing and were unaware of the approaching Delhi-Bikaner Express, which rammed into their jeep. The four died on the spot,\" said a police officer. One Sunil (20) was rushed to the hospital with the help of villagers. His condition is stated to be serious.Police said the Delhi-Bikaner Express was halted, but it left after a few minutes. However, the villagers gathered on the railway track and blocked it.\"Another approaching train was made to stop at a distance until the villagers were pacified. They were demanding that guards be deployed at railway crossings. The officials assured them of making the railway crossings safer,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167950", "title": "G V Prakash eager for 'Paradesi'", "text": "Young music director G V Prakash is all pepped up for the audio launch of his 'Paradesi' directed by director Bala featuring Aatharva, Vedhika and Dhanshika in the lead.It must have been a dream come true for music director to work with director Bala in ' Paradesi '. Now that the shoot is over and the stage is set for audio release, the music composer is all thrilled.Commonly known as GV, the music director tweeted \"Waiting for nov 25th for director bala's # Paradesi audio and my beautiful avatha payya to unveil itself.\"The audio launch function was initially scheduled in London. However, the latest update is that 'Paradesi' audio will be launched in Chennai on November 25.' Paradesi ' is set in pre-independence era, and will talk about tea plantation workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162516", "title": "Chemical attack: Netizens want 'coward' caught", "text": "MUMBAI: The online world has been abuzz with news of the chemical attack on Aryanka Hozbetkar, 26, with netizens asking for help in finding the suspect Jerrit John, 46.Director-actor Farhan Akhtar tweeted: \"Shame on you Jerrit John. Now come out of hiding, you coward.\" Akhtar posted a picture of John and wrote: \"If you spot this man please dial 100 and refer case to Dadar police station.\"Simran Channey, a marketing manager at a film firm, tweeted, \"Man, you can never know when someone will lose it! Jerrit was someone I had worked with, was a loser, but never thought he'd be a woman beater and would throw (a chemical) on a woman. It's sickening me since morning.\"Human Rights activist Kamayani Bali Mahabal blogged: \"Jerrit has been asking friends to say that they did not hear anything or see anything. Jerrit, seriously, you think we will be quiet? You may have deleted your Facebook profile, but you can't be on the run for long.\"Dipti Shah wrote on the networking page of Mumbai Cycling Enthusiasts: \"So, so angry. Cycling is all about fun and not anger nor frustration nor revenge. So all you jerks and frustrated leeks, be it lust, be it power, be it personal vendetta - stay away. There's no room here for you cowards.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17164914", "title": "Govt doctor suspended for negligence", "text": "MADURAI: A government doctor from the dengue-hit Melur area in Madurai district was suspended for treating patients in his clinic even as dozens of villagers with dengue symptoms were made to wait in the primary health centre (PHC).While government doctors are prohibited to run their own clinics, this doctor was not only found to violate the law but also found to be negligent in attending to patients, especially at a time when the health staff has been advised not to avail leaves due to flooding of patients with dengue symptoms. The behaviour of the doctor has irked the medical fraternity also, who are toiling out to tackle the dengue outbreak.Madurai collector Anshul Mishra promptly ordered the suspension of the doctor. An inquiry has been ordered and the doctor, Manikandan, working in Vellalore PHC, is likely to face further action. While Manikandan allegedly availed leave for two days to treat patients in his clinic, the villagers have complained that even when he was on duty, he would prefer to sit in his clinic rather than the PHC.The doctor had allegedly told inquiring officials that he availed leave out of fear of attack from villagers after two people who got admitted with dengue symptoms, died at the PHC. But the officials were not ready to buy the argument.After few villagers from Vellalore complained to the collector that Manikandan was not treating them, Mishra deputed a senior official to verify the allegations. The official found that the charges were true and Manikandan had neglected the patients in the PHC. Mishra, who visited the neighbouring Kottampatti village on Monday, told reporters that the district administration has also recommended for further action on Manikandan.Melur had emerged the hotbed of dengue with more than 200 people suffering from symptoms of the illness. Several villages in Melur region are gripped in dengue fear for the past one month. While officials say that seven people have died due to dengue, villagers put the figure at 35.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17165164", "title": "One gets life for ex-JNU students' union president murder", "text": "PATNA: The Additional District and Sessions Judge XIV, Patna, Choudhary Brijendra Kumar Roy, on Friday, sentenced to life imprisonment one of the accused and notorious gangster of Siwan, Rustum Khan, in former JNU students' union president Chandrashekhar murder case. The court, on Wednesday, had convicted Khan in the murder case but the quantum of punishment was pronounced on Friday.Earlier, a CBI special court had sentenced to life imprisonment three other accused in the case - Sheikh Munna alias Munna Khan, Illiham Varsi alias Mintoo and Dhruv Kumar Jaiswal - on March 23, 2012. One of the accused, Reyazuddin, was murdered during the trial of the case.Chandrashekhar, along with two other persons, Shyamdeo Yadav and Buteli Mian, was shot dead by unidentified assailants at JP Chowk under the Town police station, Siwan, on March 31, 1997, when he was campaigning against criminalization of politics. Investigation is on against former Siwan MP, Mohammad Shahabuddin, for his alleged involvement in the murder case.Khan's lawyer Jameel Ahmad said the court sentenced Rustum to life term under section 302 IPC and slapped a fine of Rs 25,000 on him. He said if Khan failed to deposit the amount, he would have to undergo an additional imprisonment of one year. Ahmad said his client would move the Patna high court against the court order on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17163462", "title": "Double whammy for Kozhikode motor vehicles department", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The functioning of the motor vehicles department in the city could go haywire with the government abruptly transferring two motor vehicle inspectors (MVIs) from the regional transport office (RTO). The office, which is already reeling under acute staff crunch, face the prospect of having just one MVI to oversee over 300 new vehicle registrations, 200 fitness tests and around 120 driving tests per day.RTO authorities' fear that the transfer orders of two MVI's entrusted with licencing, registrations and other office work issued on Thursday evening without providing any replacement would scuttle the streamlining process currently underway in the office. The office has two other MVIs, but they are designated to the mobile enforcement squad.The decision came at a time when officials had submitted a proposal to start three sub RT offices at Feroke, Elathur and Kunnamangalam to reduce the mounting work pile at the Kozhikode office.The proposal submitted by RTO officials said, while there was just one RTO office in Kozhikode to cater to a population of 4,32,097 people, there were three RT offices in Kochi city and surrounding areas to cater to a population of 6,01,574 people.Kozhikode regional transport officer, Rajeev Puthalath told TOI that losing two MVIs would hit the work at the busiest RTO office in Malabar. \"We have been working beyond office hours and even during holidays to clear the backlog in the issuance of new licenses and vehicle registrations. In the last two months we have been able to streamline the process and have started issuing new licenses on the same day itself. But it would be very difficult for us to continue offering that levels of service with just one MVI,\" he said.Applicants who already have to wait for over two months for getting RC certificates face lengthier delays due to the reshuffle.According to RTO figures around 3.67 lakh fees receipts were issued by the office in 2011. The average number of applications received by the office is 33,000 per month and around 20,000 fresh driving license and 24,000 learners' licenses were issued in the year 2011. The number of new vehicle registrations stood at 32,000 and temporary registration was 81,036.According to RTO officials, issuing a vehicle registration certificate would take at least 10 minutes for a clerk as the process involves retrieving the vehicle information from the system, taking a print out, laminating and dispatching it by post. The office handles around 1,000 various applications for various services every day.RTO figures show that there were 521 personnel in the MVD to oversee around 20,000 vehicles in the state in 1960. However in 2011 the total number of personnel in the department was just 1,741 while the number of vehicles has increased 300 times to 66 lakhs. Also the revenue target has grown from 2.39 crore in 1960 to Rs 1,265 crore this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163578", "title": "Congress pitches for good press", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the day India Against Corruption hogged the media space with another expose, Congress underlined the need to win the war of perceptions, with the issue figuring prominently at a party conclave in Surajkund.The battle for headlines started in earnest when Congress managers from government and party highlighted the importance of good press in the countdown to polls. The brainstorming session came in the backdrop of a happy fortnight for the beleaguered party which had been at the receiving end of the debate on corruption and malgovernance.Congress's renewed activities starting with Cabinet reshuffle and November 4 FDI rally, coupled with BJP's woes over Nitin Gadkari, ensured the party stayed in the clear. But on the day it may have wanted to end the pre-Diwali positivity with a political conclave, Arvind Kejriwal's expose on black money dragged the ruling party back into danger zone.The resurgent anti-graft camp showed Congress can ill-afford complacency till the next polls. In fact, sources said peace for the party was directly related to the woes in BJP camp mired in factionalism and its own graft woes.The party appeared cognizant of the need to manage the battle of perceptions. I&B; minister Manish Tewari stressed the fact at the 'samvad baithak' by urging the party to appropriate the public debate space in media. He called for larger party presence in public debates with ministers addressing press conferences every fortnight and not being stubborn about engaging the media.For Congress, the post-Lokpal bill phase has been testing, with scams in the UPA and personal woes of party leaders putting it in a spiral that seems unending. The string of political defeats in assembly polls has only compounded the troubles, with civil society and opposition attributing them to the anger over graft among people.In this backdrop, last fortnight's respite was appreciated by party managers who felt renewed engagement and a greater sense of purpose could turn the tide. The change in headlines over Cabinet reshuffle, Ramlila Maidan rally and impending organizational elevation of Rahul Gandhi only deepened the belief, possibly prompting events like 'samvad baithak'. But the baithak could rein the media only till Kejriwal dropped the 'black money bomb'.The caution over ceding media space to opposition and civil society on corruption front echoed in many ways. Rahul backed Right To Information and urged leaders to embrace transparency, AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi quoted the young leader as having said. The discussion was exhaustive with Dwivedi telling reporters that 66 of the 70 invitees attending the meet.Sources said a CWC member urged the party to stop pandering to national media and instead focus on regional media that was at the cutting edge of moulding perceptions at local level and had greater reach. Parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath too expressed concern that party had failed to manage perceptions with continued negative coverage despite positive developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "17165162", "title": "Karakat MLA to become bailer for Mahadalit woman", "text": "SASARAM: In what appears to be a rare case of human approach shown by a politician, JD-U MLA from Karakat Rajeshwar Raj, who is also one of the members of the assembly petition committee, on Friday decided to ensure the release of a Mahadalit widow languishing in district jail, Sasaram, for the last two years, just for want of a bailer. The MLA said he would ensure the woman's release by becoming her bailer.The MLA, as committee member, visited the jail on Friday to see its condition. The committee members during their visit to the jail, were shocked to find that a Mahadalit widow, Parvati Devi, of Sanjhauli village under the same police station, had been languishing in jail just for want of a bailer even after she had been granted bail by the Patna High Court six months back. As per the court's direction, at least one bailer was mandatory for her release, but despite her earnest requests, no one from her family turned up to become her bailer. The plight of the widow moved the committee members and Raj asked the jail superintendent, Avinash Prasad Singh, to provide him necessary papers for ensuring her release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17165045", "title": "Kids walk down the ramp", "text": "KANPUR: Ishu and Akshita won the title of Master and Baby Kanpur in the baby show organized by Indian Academy of Paediatrics (IAP) in association with Indian Medical Association (IMA) and an NGO here on Friday. The babies and their parents took part in the event and answered several rounds of questions of the jury.The kids were evaluated on the basis of cuteness, health and activeness. Some of the kids answered question asked by the judges, who were doctors.More than 100 children in the age group of 0-1, 1-3 and 3-5 years participated in the baby show. Tiny tots sashayed up and down the stage wearing pretty clothes and giving a glimpse of their talent.Among the age group of 0-1 years, first prize was given to Pari. The second and third prizes were bagged by Shambhavi and Parth. In the 1-3 years group, Arav, Arav Gupta and Manya won the first, second and third prizes. In 3-5 years, Preeti and Aditya won the best performers title.The judges evaluated, Ishu and Akshita as Master and Baby Kanpur. The kids were given awards under two categories. Consolation prizes were also given to various kids by chief guest and CMO RP Yadav.The team of Dr Savita Rastogi, Dr Praveen Katiyar and Dr Alka Saxena asked parents questions related to immunization, feeding, weight and similar things related to their kid.They also laid emphasis on the gap between two babies in case of a parents having more than one baby.Lajpat Nagar resident Saurabh Mehrotra: \"There were things which we were not aware of but the doctors informed us and we will be more careful in future,\" he said.Vinay Tiwari of Sarvodaya Nagar said that it took her one week to find the right dress for her daughter. \"It was my daughter's day and she thoroughly enjoyed it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17164394", "title": "Nitish Kumar lands in Karachi for goodwill visit to Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A 12-member delegation headed by Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar arrived in Pakistan's port city of Karachi on Friday for a week-long goodwill visit.The visit came as the deputy CM of Punjab in India Sukhbir Singh Badal left after a five-day visit to Pakistan's Punjab province that was aimed at boosting cooperation between the two sides.Nitish was received by Syed Qaim Ali Shah, chief minister of Sindh province, at the Karachi airport. The Bihar CM was invited to Pakistan by an all-party parliamentary delegation that visited Bihar in August. The MPs had extended him the invitation from the Pakistan's National Assembly and Senate as well as CMs of Sindh and Punjab provinces\u00e2\u20ac\u201dMian Shahbaz Sharif and Qaim Ali Shah respectively. According to sources, Nitish would share Bihar's growth story with the parliamentarians and civil society members of Pakistan.The Indian delegation would also call on several leaders of the Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM), apart from meeting other dignitaries in Karachi. It wasn't clear whether the Bihar CM would meet President Asif Ali Zardari and PM Raja Parvez Ashraf in Islamabad. However, sources did not rule out its possibility. Kumar's tentative programme includes visits to the mausoleums of Mohammad Ali Jinnah in Karachi and the Samadhi of Sikh ruler Maharaja Ranjit Singh in Dera Saheb Gurdwara in Punjab. The delegation will also visit the archeological sites of Mohenjodaro in Sindh and Taxila near Islamabad in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17164317", "title": "Gang of brutal robber auto drivers arrested", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A gang of auto drivers, who targeted single women travelling alone at night and robbed them of their belongings after brutally beating them up, has been arrested by Ghaziabad police in Kavi Nagar area. After robbing them, the criminals would throw the victims out of their autos in lonely, dim-lit areas. Police said that four accused have admitted to 19 such cases, out of which 3 were in the past week. The police added that the four have been involved in 40 such cases of robbery, involving the same modus operandi, and have been jailed twice in the past.The accused, identified as Aslam, Afsal, Vikas and Nitin, are all in their late 20s.Cops said they had been on the track of this particular gang for a while. \"Each time they get out of jail, they would immediately change their houses. They would rent a new tempo and continue with their robbing,\" said Sudhir Tyagi, SHO, Kavi Nagar.Police said that one of the victims had come to the police station to identify the four accused. \"She had suffered massive injuries, including a haemorrhage in her eye. The four had brutally beaten the 55-year-old woman, constantly punching her, before robbing her,\" added Tyagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167360", "title": "Kamal, Rajinikanth bond at former\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s b\u00e2\u20ac\u2122day bash", "text": "Kamal Haasan has never been known to be a party animal, but the last few years have been different. A source present at his big birthday do held in Chennai this year tells us that the guest list included the who's who of Kollywood, including Superstar Rajinikanth. \"When two actors are at the peak of their careers, there are bound to be rumours of them not getting along and such. But Kamal and Rajinikanth hang out together often. Rajini spent the entire evening at the do,\" says our source.Also present at the do were Malayalam stars Mammootty and Dileep , and director Priyadarshan and his wife Lissy. While Ramesh Aravind, who has worked with the birthday boy, was probably the sole Sandalwood representation, there was no one from the other big south film industry \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Tollywood.\"It was a chilled-out bash,\" says our source. While great food and loads of chatter were on the cards, an interesting part of the do was a wish tree, on which guests could write their wishes for the star. The music for the evening began with songs from Kamal's films, but moved on to peppier tunes to get people to dance,\" says the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17164993", "title": "Pundits' son-rise moment", "text": "RANCHI: Since pundits in the state capital are overbooked this Diwali, their sons are taking crash-courses on how to conduct Lakshmi Puja.The classes are being taken by family elders like fathers and uncles. After the course, junior pundits can conduct puja in the homes of \"jajmans\" (customers) on the night of Diwali.Ranchi faces a crisis of pundits during Lakshmi Puja and so businessmen have booked them to avoid inconvenience. Senior priests estimated that there are around 200 junior pundits in the state capital.Naresh Mishra, the chief priest of a Shiva temple here, has delegated a huge amount of work to his 22-year-old son, Vikas Mishra. \"I can't conduct puja at so many places. My son is religious and interested in karmakand (conducting pujas),\" said Mishra, who has over 20 Diwali puja assignments.A Bachelor of Arts student from Ganpath Sanskrit Mahavidyalaya in Chunna Bhatta, Vikas, is new to the trade. \"It is easy to conduct Lakshmi puja. I am seeking my father's help to learn more,\" said the young priest.Acharya Ravi Shastri , the chief priest of chief minister Arjun Munda , who also leads the community here, said, \"There are many businessmen here and only a few pundits. Lakshmi Puja has to be conducted within a particular time at night.\"Sudhir Pandey (23), a B Ed from Ranchi University, is another example. \"As I am a keen learner I always revise at night. I not only take help from my father but also from senior priests at different temples,\" said Pandey.The junior priest gets only a few calls from \"jajmans\". \"My father has delegated a large amount of work to me,\" he said.Manjeet Pathak (21), a graduate in Sanskrit from Belur Math in Bangalore and Nityanand Tripathi (24), a graduate from Sampurnanand Sanskrit Vidyalaya in Varanasi, are more examples of young pundits. Shushil Shastri, a senior priest, said, \"The junior pundits are well educated and competent.\"All customers are, however, not satisfied with the development. \"The seniors don't want to conduct pujas at homes of less affluent customers and so are delegating the job to their sons, who are not well trained,\" said a customer, not wanting to be quoted.Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries chairman Ranjit Tibrewal, said the crisis of pundits during Lakshmi Puja is really upsetting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17165412", "title": "Test reunites abandoned infant girl with parents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The parents of a girl child, abandoned on Ahmedabad-Puri Express last month in a fit of rage, have an earlier Diwali as they got custody of the four-month old infant who the father abandoned in the coach last month. The parents and the girl underwent DNA examination earlier this month at the Civil Hospital to ascertain the parents' claims on the girl.On October 28, the girl was found by maintenance staff at 8.30 am at the Kankaria railway yard. The girl was kept on seat number 30 of S-9 coach of the train where she was crying when she was heard by the staff. They informed the GRP officials after which she was taken to the Civil Hospital.A day after the discovery and media coverage, a young couple - Raj Anant, 22 and Anita, 18, natives of Jharkhand and residents of Adalaj - came forward to claim the girl. The duo accepted that they had grave differences and were quarreling after their love marriage at their native place. In a fit of rage, Raj left the girl on the stationary train at Kalupur railway station.P P Pirojiya, inspector of GRP Kalupur, told TOI that after the claim, they had to go for a DNA test according to the legal requirement to ascertain the claim. \"From October 29 to November 9, the girl lived at a city observation home under protection of the state police. As the DNA test returned positive, we have handed over the girl, Lalita, to the parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163481", "title": "Body of missing girl student found", "text": "KOLKATA: The body of the Class-VI student of a Basirhat school in Basirhat's Chapapukur area, who went missing since last Wednesday, was found floating in a pond on Friday. The deceased was identified as Aditi Bhattacharya. Police have arrested five persons for their suspected involvement in the case.The girl had gone missing since Wednesday.Her father Ganesh Bhattacharya, a farmer by profession, filed a missing diary on Wednesday. After two days on Friday morning, the girl's body was found floating on a pond.After preliminary probe, police found that she was strangled to death and an injury mark was also found around her neck. The body has been sent for post mortem.Her father had lodged a complaint against one of his neighbours, Asgar Ali. Asgar was allegedly involved in girl trafficking cases before. The police arrested him and four others.As the news spread, locals ransacked Asgar's house and damaged his bike and car. Later, police reached the spot and brought the situation under control. The officials said that a probe was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17164233", "title": "Newborn's body found in Badshapur", "text": "GURGAON: The body of a newborn was found abandoned in Badshapur on Friday morning. Police have lodged an FIR against unknown persons.According to police, Pradeep, a native of Bawal in Rewari district, who lives in Badshapur and works with a private firm, spotted the baby's body near a garbage pile and informed police, who reached the spot and took custody of the baby, which was declared brought dead in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17165697", "title": "CMCH facilities for AIDS, TB audited", "text": "COIMBATORE: A team of members from the National Aids Control Organisation, The Global Fund, an international funding agency from Geneva and Tamil Nadu Aids Control Society, inspected the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital.The global fund, is a financing institution dedicated to attracting and disbursing additional resources to prevent and treat HIV and AIDS, TB and malaria. A team of four members from the Global Fund arrived in Coimbatore for a three-day visit to audit facilities and arrangements for diagnosing and treating patients affected by these diseases. Similarly, four members, each from NACO and TANSACS also audited the facilities available in the hospitals, said Jo Daniel, medical officer, Drug Resistance Tuberculosis Clinic, CMCH.On Friday, the team visited the anti-retroval centre and integrated councelling and testing center, where they collected reports on the number of cases being treated and admitted, another official said. He said they would analyse the facilities, treatment given and correlation between HIV and Tuberculosis. On Saturday the team would visit the tuberculosis ward for review.In Tamil Nadu, centres in Chennai and Coimbatore were funded for the treatment of patients affected by AIDS and tuberculosis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163524", "title": "KIFF 2012: Obsolete tech, new-age fest", "text": "KOLKATA: Despite being one of the most high-profile cultural events of the country, Kolkata International Film Festival (KIFF) lags behind in terms of technology.With most theatres in the city clinging to the obsolete 35mm (celluloid) format, the festival is struggling to find venues that use the latest technology - the DCP format. Nandan-I has hired a DCP projector for the festival, and Paradise is the only other theatre equipped to show films in the format.All the other venues - including Nandan-II, Rabindra Sadan, Sisir Mancha and Navina - will either screen DVDs, HD, Blu-Ray, digibite or 35mm versions. Only 16 of the 180 films are going to be screened on the DCP format. Around 30 will be shown on HD and the largest chunk on celluloid, which has been phased out at most other international festivals.\"We still don't have enough DCP theatres in Kolkata. It will be very difficult to accommodate new films in the future. But then films included in the retrospectives and those under the Calcutta-Kolkata section are not available in any format other than celluloid,\" said Debananda Sengupta, member of the festival's technical committee.Nandan I could soon be upgraded to a DCP theatre. \"DCP is expensive- it costs Rs 50 lakh to install the system. Nandan-I is the only possible venue for it because it's a dedicated cinema hall. Other festival venues, like Rabindra Sadan or Sisir Mancha, are primarily theatre halls. Without enough venues, we have been forced to pick and choose the DCP movies. But most contemporary, award-winning and important films have been selected,\" he said.Retrospectives of directors like Cacoyannis and Antonioni are on celluloid along with those in the homage section. A few classics, like Satyajit Ray's \"Pratidwandi\", will be shown on DVD. The digitally restored version of Uday Shankar's cult film \"Kalpana\", too, will be screened in the same format.Even after Nandan I is upgraded, it will continue to film celluloid versions and DVD, said an official.\"Both Nandan and the festival's technical committee are in favour of a switch to DCP but it's not easy,\" said Sengupta.The KIFF authorities had banked on Navina making a temporary switch to DCP but it failed to acquire a machine.\"Even if the upgradation is done before the next festival comes around, Nandan I will still have to screen older films on celluloid. So, we are still some distance away from a complete switch-over,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164150", "title": "SC stays all 2G proceedings in Delhi HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday stayed all proceedings before the Delhi High Court relating to 20 petitions by 2G spectrum scam accused, including former telecom minister A Raja, DMK MP Kanimozhi and others who had challenged the trial court's decision to frame charges against them.Appearing for the CBI, senior advocate K K Venugopal informed a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan that though the high court had not stayed the trial proceedings, the multitude of petitions by the accused questioning framing of charges against them appeared to be dilatory tactics.The CBI had requested the court to call for the records of the cases and transfer all the petitions to the SC. The bench issued notices to the accused who moved the HC against the trial court order. It gave six weeks to the accused to file their responses to the CBI's plea.Venugopal and additional solicitor general Harin Raval informed the court that the CBI had taken out 4GB of data from the computers of a firm, BTS Belvoir, during its raids and it was transcribing the contents. It promised to provide the court with the data relevant to the 2G scam.He said each MB of data when transcribed runs into 500 pages and at this rate, 4GB could be a compilation of 20 lakh pages. The bench allowed CBI to show it the relevant portions on November 19, the next date of hearing.The CBI, in its Letters Rogatory (LR) sent to Swiss authorities, had requested them to provide details and relevant documents pertaining to investment of $4 million by Mavi Investment Fund Limited Mauritius in Swan Telecom, which later became Etisalat DB Telecom, through Delphi Investment.It had also sought details of the bank accounts of BTS Belvoir Investment and also of any funds transferred by it to Mavi Investment during the period 2005-10.The CBI had requested the Registrar of Companies to examine its officers regarding nominee shareholders of BTS Belvoir since January 2007 till date and also examine Alastair Guggunbehi, one of the directors of the company, besides providing the 'Know Your Customer' documents.The LRs had also communicated to the Swiss authorities that two group companies of BTS Belvoir Group were incorporated in Mumbai and claimed that Guggunbehi was \"personally linked to the investment of $4 million by Delphi Investment in Swan Telecom and is also aware of its ultimate beneficiary owners\".The LRs said that during investigations, it had come on record that at the time of incorporation, the sole founder share of Delphi Investment was held by Conqueror Limited which transferred it to Mavi Investment on December 11, 2007.According to the document, Delphi Investment made a payment of $4 million to Reliance Telecom Limited towards purchase of 10,791,000 equity shares of Swan Telecom Private Limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17165044", "title": "Engineer's body to reach home today", "text": "RANCHI: The body of marine engineer Vikas Ranjan will reach his home at Doranda here on Saturday, 15 days after he was found dead on board a cargo vessel of Essar Shipping Limited off the coast of South Africa.Officials of the shipping company said the engineer was found dead in his room on the ship on October 25.The matter was immediately brought to the notice of the family members and authorities in India and South Africa.\"We have completed all the legal formalities and are bringing the body to Mumbai from South Africa. We expect that the flight, in which the body is being brought, will reach Mumbai on Saturday afternoon. From there, it will be sent to Ranchi,\" said Jatin Agarwal an official of the shipping company.Agarwal said the family members, a brother and an uncle of the deceased, reached Mumbai to receive the body.\"We have made all arrangements to help the family to take the body to Ranchi,\" said Agarwal.However, family members of the engineer said they smelt foul play in the death because the company had informed them that Ranjan had committed suicide.\"We cannot accept that he committed suicide,\" said the elder brother of the deceased, Dablu Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17165144", "title": "Schoolkids will create music sans music instruments today", "text": "MYSORE: The students of a private school in Mysore taluk will explore their creative talent in a unique way by composing music sans musical instruments.Saturday will be something special for 350-plus students of Vinayaka Jnana Vidya Shale, Mullur village near here. They will put to test their creativity during a daylong workshop, which aims at encouraging the creative process in children by providing accessibility through education and experimentation to new forms of music creations.The school is run by International Human Development and Upliftment Academy ( IHDUA), an NGO set up by city-based oncologist Dr B S Ajaikumar in 1991. Ajaikumar's daughter Anjali is its director.Academy vice-president M Jayram said creativity is a need to find solutions to new challenges in today's world. \"To tap the talent of our students, we have organized this workshop of creating music using available resources like pipes, plastic, water cans and straws. They will be encouraged to experiment with different ways of creating sound using commonly available products,\" he said.Speaking on why they chose music, Jayaram said: \"Sound attracts people in general and we thought of experimenting with the same. Moreover, it's a new initiative. Seth Molloy, a musician and a US citizen based in Bangalore, will conduct the workshop. Molloy has conducted similar workshops in Bangalore schools,\" the VP claimed.The workshop will be held in four stages. In the first one, the students will be educated about the science behind musical instruments, because they will have to create one during the workshop. This will be followed by a talk on 'music versus sound', and a demonstration on how an instrument makes sound and how the shape of instrument effects the sound.In the second stage, students have to make instruments after they were given a demonstration on prototype instruments. They have to select from a set of stations to create their own instruments. Trainers will assist them in their work and to compose music. In the next stage, they have to decorate the instruments. Finally, the students have to perform along with a group of musicians. \"Schoolchildren will be given simple rhythms to play when the musicians are performing,\" Jayaram stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17165316", "title": "A teary-eyed Obama thanks campaign team", "text": "WASHINGTON: Must have been the draining campaign, topped by the flush of a fabulous victory. But for once, US President Barack Obama's famous composure cracked, and he allowed a few tears to course down his cheeks as he thanked his team of volunteers and staff for their outstanding work that won him a second term.Dubbed 'No Drama Obama' for his cool demeanour, the US president revealed a seldom seen emotional side when he visited his campaign headquarters in Chicago shortly after his victory to personally thank his team. \"You guys remind me of myself... but you are so much better,\" Obama told the campaign staff against the backdrop of a poster announcing 'Forward!' as he recalling how he tried to \"fix myself\" when he was young doing volunteer work in Chicago. \"You are smarter, more organized, more effective.\"Then, his voice began to crack and tears welled up in his eyes. \"You will do amazing things in your life. You will be what Bobby Kennedy called ripples of hope... I'm really proud of you...your journey is just starting,\" he said, wiping away tears.Shortly after, even as the Obama campaign released the video and it went viral, the president returned to Washington DC , and began returning calls from various world leaders who congratulated. Among them was PM Manmohan Singh , who invited him to visit India again.\"The president appreciates all of these messages and looks forward to continuing to work with all of his fellow leaders to address the serious challenges we face together in the world,\" the White House said. Among them who called him were leaders of Australia, Brazil, Canada, India, France, Germany, Egypt, UK, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Columbia.In fact, Obama will be in India's neck of the woods soon enough. The White House announced that he will make a path-breaking visit - the first by a US President - to neighbouring Myanmar and Thailand later this month, on his way to the Asean meet in Phnom Penh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17165210", "title": "Demand for Chinese lights dips", "text": "PATNA: The festival of lights this year would be less bright with the sale of designer Chinese lights dipping considerably. Shopkeepers at Chandni Chowk electric light markets near Patna Junction are still awaiting customers even as Diwali is only a few days away.Ashraf Kama, one of the traders at Chandni Chowk, said, \"The market is in slump this year as there has been a considerable decline in the number of customers buying designer lights. However, with only few days remaining, there could be a possibility of people making some last minute shopping.\"The market is flooded with different varieties of stylish electric light strips starting from Rs 25 and more. Storekeepers informed that the most popular this year is the \"gel rise\" Chinese lights that are available for a mere Rs 25 per piece. Rocket lights at Rs 110, \"mirchi\" lights and butterfly lights are also popular choices among Patnaites.Manufacturers have tried out various new designs to attract buyers but to no avail. Afzal Naeem, another dealer at Chandni Chowk market, said, \"Sale has been slow this year due to inflation. However, we are hoping that people would turn up from tomorrow and the market would pick up.\"Some shopkeepers also said that Chinese lights are durable so not everyone buys it every year. Also many people go for natural \"diyas\" and candles when it comes to home decors. Designer diya (Rs 35 - 50) and LED pipe and loop lights (Rs 400 per 5 metre) are the new entrants in the market this Diwali. All time favourites flower lights and simple series lights are also aplenty in the market.Sunil Kumar, another shopkeeper in the same market, said, \"The market is so down this year that all traders are selling lights at a no profit-no loss rate to clear their stocks. People have preferred LED and SMD (Surface Mount LEDs) light strips this Diwali.\"Manish Kumar Jaiswal, a shop owner in Alpana Market, said, \"Sales have been low this year, but we hope some last minute buyers would make our Diwali celebrations bright.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164815", "title": "Tamil Nadu restricts sections for classes in matric school to 5", "text": "CHENNAI: Matriculation schools with several sections for each class face a quandary. The department of school education has instructed institutions to restrict the number of sections for each class to five or fewer, in keeping with the Code of Regulations for Matriculation Schools formulated in 1990.The department has clamped down on schools that have applied for renewal of approvals, an exercise taken up once in three years. The issue came up after the court pulled up education department officials for allowing so many children to study in one campus during the hearing of a case against Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School.Department officials said that as per rules, matriculation schools are not allowed to have more than four sections per class. Schools can seek approval for a fifth section, if needed, from the district inspector of matriculation schools. But schools have been violating the rules for several years now.The problem is particularly bad in Chennai and in the Salem-Namakkal belt, officials said. A private matriculation school in Chennai, for example, has 28 sections per class and a student strength of 12,000. When officials asked the school's administrators how they are able to manage such a large number of students, they said they had 13 vice-principals, 16 headmasters, and three senior principals.\"Some schools have around 300 teachers. I don't know how the principal remembers all of them \u00e2\u20ac\u201d forget about the children,\" a senior official in the department said. \"It is impossible for the principal go on rounds to inspect each class. Some schools compromise on safety when they pack so many students in one campus.\"However, school officials say they are not sure that they will be able to ask students to leave. \"On the one hand, the government says that we should not issue transfer certificates to any child under the Right to Education Act and, on the other, it insists that we follow rules that will force us to ask hundreds of children to leave,\" said N Ramasubrahmanyan, founder of Sri Natesan Vidyasala Matriculation Higher Secondary School.Some schools are likely to resist the rule. \"How does a large number of sections affect anybody? Only if there are complaints the dept needs to act,\" said K R Nandakumar, state general secretary, Tamil Nadu Nursery, Primary, Matriculation, Higher Secondary Schools Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17164913", "title": "Karnataka Housing Board makes rainwater harvesting mandatory", "text": "HUBLI: Rainwater harvesting is gaining momentum in the twin cities. The Karnataka Housing Board (KHB) has made rainwater harvesting compulsory in all its layouts in Hubli and Dharwad.Rain water harvesting has been implemented in the eight layouts of KHB. The housing board found that during rain, huge quantity of water is being wasted and to utilize it, rain water harvesting method has been introduced. The KHB is setting up rainwater harvesting units in gardens developed in all layouts.KHB has been developing many layouts in Hubli-Dharwad twin cities, and recently it handed over eight layouts to Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC). In these layouts, there are around 40 parks developed with rainwater harvesting units in each park.Rainwater which flows on roads, terraces of houses and open land will directly enter into rainwater harvesting units at these parks. And also the KHB has made some small units in open land for rainwater harvesting. KHB is leaving 10 per cent space for parks in to maintain greenery in its layouts and in the corner of the park it is making rainwater harvesting units.Presently it is developing four layouts in Gamangatti, Sattur, Amargol and Lakkamman Halli areas. In some of the commercial areas also it is setting up rainwater harvesting units.Anandkumar Madanbhavi, executive engineer of KHB told TOI: \"As the ground water level in decreasing in big cities, we have made rainwater harvesting compulsory as per KHB rules. Along with parks we are setting up rainwater harvesting units on empty government lands in our layouts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163388", "title": "Bengal intellectuals snub Karnad's Tagore tirade", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after Girish Karnad stirred up a controversy by calling Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore a great poet but a second-rate playwright, noted academicians and thespians in the state on Friday voiced their resentment against Karnad's tirade in unison. They simply didn't feel that Karnad was competent enough to debate on Rabindranath Tagore.\"What Girish has said about Tagore is nothing new. He made such a comment at a seminar in Delhi where I was among the speakers. I couldn't resist countering him. His view sounded like a fatwa because he didn't substantiate why he said so,\" said dramatist Rudraprasad Sengupta. Tagore expert Sankho Ghosh didn'teven feel like spending a word on Karnad's comment.Dramatist Bibhas Chakrabarty doesn't mind if someone disliked Tagore's plays. \"Karnad could have said that he did not like Tagore's plays. Anyone is free to have his own view. But that doesn't hold good for a theatre personality like Karnad. I don't think that all of Tagore's plays are superb. But one can hardly discount his plays like Muktodhara or Raktakarabi where Tagore packed the most modern thoughts in traditional form. It is difficult for a person trained in western theatre to fathom the depth of these plays,\" Chakrabarty said.Rudraprasad held that culture has a local element that one can hardly savour by reading translations. \"Culture has a local aspect, such as kirtan, that others can't appreciate without being into it. Beginning with Chirakumar Sabha or Seshraksha using the western theatre form, Tagore delved in the traditional, internalizing the form in his later plays. Even the Bengali audience that worships Tagore had to wait for 30 years for a Sambhu Mitra till 1952 to bring out Raktakarabi in its entirety on stage. Mitra also felt attracted to Muktodhara but dropped the plan because he couldn't manage it,\" said Sengupta.The veteran dramatist didn't blame Karnad either. \"Girish is not the only one to say so. People like Bengali dramatist Sekhar Chattopadhyay found some of Tagore's plays too complex. Chattopadhyay wrote that Tagore could have written his plays in a more lucid language. Girish could have rejected Tagore, but before doing that he ought to have the humility to crosscheck his views with experts. Trained in western theatre and trying a hand in folk forms, he considered himself the best judge without knowing the Bengali language even,\" Rudraprasad said.This is not the first time that Karnad, who has acclaimed plays like Yayati, Tughlaq, Naga Mandala and Broken Images to his credit, has faced the wrath of the intellectuals. Just a few days back, he was criticized by a section of litterateurs for launching an attack on VS Naipaul. At the Mumbai LitFest, Karnad had called Naipaul a \"stone deaf\" and an \"unreliable\" writer of non-fiction as far as India was concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17163085", "title": "Enjoy right kind of sweets during Diwali", "text": "JAIPUR: With Diwali festivities round the corner, the fragrance of sweets and delicacies are already in air. However, doctors and dieticians are advising against overeating and suggesting healthy alternatives of sweets. They also suggested a strict exercise regime for those who are vulnerable to heart disease or have diabetes .Craving for sweets could be irresistible but the after-effects of it in form of weight gains and high sugar intake can be disastrous. \"The most common problem that happens after Diwali is sudden increase in weight. This happens because of bingeing on sweets and calorie rich food. People also tend to withdraw from their exercise regime during festivities,\" said Anjali Phatak, a consultant dietician at Fortis Healthcare .But there are alternatives to enjoy the festivals without the fear of getting heavier or getting diabetic. Dieticians and doctors suggest that the urge for sweets can be assuaged with healthier, low calorie alternatives like fruit yoghurts, dry fruits and dark chocolate. \"One can choose healthier alternatives like dates, bitter chocolates or nuts. Mathri, which is widely cooked during Diwali, can be nutritious if cooked in multi-grain,\" Phatak added.A little effort to ensure that buying and gifting the right kind of sweets will also be very helpful for people to keep themselves healthy. With an assortment of sweets spread out before them, even the most health conscious people end up gorging on them during Diwali. \"Sweets all around during Diwali compel anybody to binge on it. The best thing is not to store any sweet at home. Instead one can distribute it to those who need them more,\" said Dr Manju Sharma, a private practitioner.Every year, adulterated sweets flooding Jaipur markets to meet the huge demand are adding to the woes. Doctors advise that it is better to make sweets at home. \"Artificial colours, which can be toxic, as well as adulterated milk and other ingredients are widely used. We always suggest that making sweets at home is safer. At least you can pick the ingredients yourself,\" added Dr Rajendra Sharma of Tongia Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163438", "title": "Principal, who faced students' wrath, shunted", "text": "KOLKATA: The acting principal of Jhargram Raj College, who was beaten up by students allegedly owing allegiance to Trinamool Chhatra Parishad, has been transferred to a Cooch Behar college.Kishor Kumar Rarhi, who was transferred to Acharya Brajendra Singh Government College, was appointed the principal of the Jhargram college two years back. A college principal is usually appointed for a three-year term. However, The principal himself sees nothing wrong, though, and has accepted the order since Rarhi claimed that he himself had sought the release from an 'administrative position'. Academicians, however, are seeing red in the move.On September 22, he had convened a meeting regarding the union elections. An altercation broke out during the meeting and Rarhi alleged that Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad secretary Soumen Acharya, a second year BA student of the college, attacked him along with some other TMCP members. Chemistry professor Vishnu Kundu, too, was injured during the scuffle. Rarhi then lodged a complaint against Acharya with the Jhargram police station.However, it was not the first time that trouble broke out at the Jhargram college. Rarhi was gheraoed by the students several times before. three to four times before the incident.In one such case, he wasn't even allowed to leave the college till late at night. One of the gheraos even continued late into the night.Rarhi had spoken about the atrocities by TMCP students' union members and alleged that they were involved in that case.Following the September 22 incident he went to meet education minister Bratya Basu at Bikash Bhavan. Rarhi claimed that the meeting was formal and Basu was apprised of the situation in the college. On November 2, Rarhi was informed that he was transferred to the Cooch Behar college and asked to join there from December. Rarhi, on Friday, said: \"After the incident in September, I had written to the higher education department and requested them to relieve me from all administrative activities. Instead, I wanted to work in the resume my teaching in the post of professor for Literary Science.\"A higher education department official said, \"Rarhi was an acting principal and not recruited through the College Service Commission.Such transfers are always need-based. This one, too, is similar.There is no rule which specifies that an acting principal can't be transferred before three years.There is a vacancy for an English teacher in the Cooch Behar College, where he has been transferred.\" District TMCP secretary, Rama Giri, rubbished the charges brought in by Rarhi.: \"The decision has been taken by the government. There were no atrocities on Rarhi by our members. His charges are false and baseless.\"In West Bengal, a college principal risks being transferred to a remote location if he dares protest against attacks by students backed by the ruling party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162604", "title": "19-yr-old carpenter who attacked Ghatkopar senior citizen, arrived in city only 3 months ago", "text": "MUMBAI: The carpenter who attacked senior citizen Kamlaben Thakkar (72) at her Ghatkopar residence on Thursday afternoon, has been identified as Rajiv Kumar, a 19-year-old who had come to Mumbai only three months ago.Ghatkopar police said Kumar probably fled to his hometown in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, after the incident. Police have tipped off their counterparts in Uttar Pradesh about the accused and sent them his photograph. \"We believe we are very close to nabbing him,\" a policeman said. Thakkar, whose throat was slashed, is recuperating in the ICCU.\"On searching Thakkar's house, we found a diary where she had scribbled the number of a carpentry contractor, Raju Mistry, whom she contacted regularly for repairs in her house. But Mistry said he hadn't sent any of his employees to Thakkar's house on Thursday,\" said a police official. Police managed to get the recuperating Thakkar to describe the appearance of the accused and prepared an identity sketch on that basis. \"When we showed the sketch to Mistry, he immediately identified the accused as one of his missing employees and provided us Kumar's Varanasi address,\" the policeman said.Kumar had worked in Thakkar's house on a few occasions and doesn't have any past crime record. On Thursday, he arrived at Thakkar's flat around 2pm and began repairing a broken trolley. After a while, he suddenly threatened the elderly widow, who lived alone, to hand over her cupboard keys. \"My mother refused to part with the keys. The accused then tore off her blouse and snatched the key ring she had hidden inside,\" said Thakkar's son, Paresh. On opening the cupboard, Kumar found a locked vault inside. He tried to break it using a hammer and even attempted to cut it, but in vain. He then attacked Thakkar with a sharp instrument and pushed her into the bedroom, before leaving empty-handed.\"The accused latched the door from outside. Around an hour later, my office assistant Sameer visited my mother's flat to hand her money for monthly expenses. I had called her up in the morning and informed her about Sameer's visit,\" Paresh said. When he got no response on ringing the doorbell a few times, Sameer called on Thakkar's cellphone but it too went unanswered. An injured Thakkar managed to drag herself to the door and let him in. Sameer then rushed her to the nearby Sapna Health Care Centre with the help of some neighbours. \"My mother is stable now. But had Sameer not reached in time, her condition could have worsened. We suspect there could have been more than one attacker,\" said Paresh, who owns a printing business.Some facts:* Kamlaben Thakkar (72) often contacted carpentry contractor Raju Mistry, for repairs in her house. Mistry had sent his employee Rajiv Kumar (19) to work in her house on several occasions* On November 8, Kumar went to Thakkar's flat on his own, around 2pm, to repair a broken trolley, without Mistry's knowledge. While working, he suddenly threatened Thakkar to hand over her cupboard keys* Thakkar refused, following which Kumar attacked her, tore off her blouse and snatched the keys she had hidden in her blouse. He opened the cupboard, but couldn't open a locked vault. Frustrated, he slashed Thakkar's throat and escaped* An injured Thakkar managed to describe her assailant to the cops, who drew a sketch which helped Mistry identify him as a missing worker", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167309", "title": "Dil Raju\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s parents injured in road accident", "text": "Star producer Dil Raju's parents - Shyam Sundar Reddy and Prameelamma sustained injuries when they met with a car accident on Friday. Reports say that the producer's parents were travelling from Hyderabad to Nizamabad in a car, which collided with another vehicle in Medak district. After immediate first aid, the couple were later shifted to a Hyderabad hospital for further treatment.Dil Raju is currently producing Mahesh Babu- Venkatesh's multistarrer film Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu, Ram Charan's Yevadu, NTR-Harish Shankar's film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17164958", "title": "CFSL doesn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t rule out murder", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was the ligature mark and an abraded contusion on Monica Goyal's neck that forced CFSL experts not to rule out possibility of murder of the 42-year-old teacher by her husband and in-laws.Conclusion report by CFSL experts, which was received by police on November 8, stated: \"Ligature marks on the neck could not have caused death. Further, the abraded contusion measuring 37cm in length indicates the victim was strangled and it cannot be because of hanging.\" Monica of Sector 21 was found dead in her house and four persons, including her husband Vikas Goyal, father-in-law G P Goyal and mother-in-law Prem Lata, were arrested on October 15 for abetment to suicide. Though kin of the deceased allege murder, police has preferred to take the opinion of CFSL experts.According to police sources, \"Mystery behind the death of Monica could deepen as results of reports regarding viscera samples, blood stained clothes and injuries on the body are yet to come.\" The experts had twice conducted dummy drill in Monica's room to establish whether she hung herself or was initially thrashed and hung later. DSP (east) Vijay Kumar said it had been established that the accused had tried to destroy evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17163005", "title": "Pakistan intruder sent back", "text": "JAISALMER: A Pakistani intruder who had entered into Indian territory adjoining Barmer was sent back late on Thursday evening. The 35-year old intruder was deaf and dumb. During inquiry, no objectionable thing was on found in his possession and he was handed over to Pak Rangers after a flag meeting.According to senior BSF officials, four days ago, jawans deployed at Nyatal border post caught the intruder from the international border adjoining Bakhasar area in Barmer. During interrogation and after a medical test, he was found to be deaf and dumb moreover the agencies investigating him did not find any objectionable items in is possession. They later decided to hand him over to Pakistan.The officials also said the intruder seemed to have entered into Indian territory by mistake after forgetting the route.Two days ago, during the bilateral meeting of the border guards of India and Pakistan at Munabao, it was decided that if any person enters into each other's territory by mistake and upon inquiry if the person's intention is not wrong, he will be returned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hazaribaq", "code": "17165064", "title": "Bengal expert team in Hazaribag to drive away rouge elephants", "text": "HAZARIBAQ: A 13-member team from West Bengal's Bankura arrived here on Thursday to tackle the elephant menace that has been going on at Barkatha, Ichak, Hazaribag National Park and Tati Jharia blocks for the past one month.R N Mishra, DFO, Hazaribag wildlife division, said on their arrival in Hazaribag the team members were sent to Murtiyatola, Darh and Dighi panchayats of Ichak police station area near the national park where 27 wild elephants along with two cubs were wreaking havoc by damaging the crops and houses of the villagers. As the authorities failed to control the elephant menace owing to lack of trained experts, about 2,000 villagers including several panchayat heads and members of the Hazaribag Zila Parishad blocked NH-33 (Patna-Ranchi road) demanding driving out the herd.\"The elephants have not only destroyed our home and hearth but also standing kharif paddy and vegetable crops,\" a villager said. The demands of the villagers were supported by leaders across party lines, DC H'bag Manish Ranjan and Zila Parishad chairman Braj Kishore Jaiswal.The pressure from the locals and affected people prompted the forest department to bring the team from Bankura headed by Arjun Karmakar.The team was sent to the affected areas where the members met the villagers and panchayat heads. The experts gave several tips to the villagers particularly the youths on how to tame the wild elephants.Mishra said, \"The villagers heaved a sigh of relief on seeing the expert team in their villages. Many villagers who ran away from their homes have returned to their homes and are watching the activities of the team.\" The DFO said the rampaging elephants had damaged standing crops on over 100 hectares in Hazaribag west division and damaged more than 100 houses. \"The elephants killed Sarju Mahto(45) of Khera panchayat of Tati Jharia block about 10 days ago.\"The DFO said he had received Rs 5 lakh on Friday from the government for payment of compensation to the affected villagers including Rs 2 lakh to the family of the deceased. Besides, the assessment report from the circle officer of Ichak about the value of damaged crops has been submitted to him.\"We have decided to train the staff of the forest department to tackle the elephants. In addition, we have also decided to train some youths of the affected villages so that they can keep the elephants at bay,\" Mishra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17164891", "title": "Attack on Dera head: HC grants bail to 4 convicted by lower court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday granted bail to four persons convicted by a lower court in Haryana for attacking the convoy of controversial head of Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda, Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh in 2008.While granting bail to Dharminder Singh, Hoshiar Singh, Jaswant Singh and Gurinder Singh, the division bench comprising Justice Jasbir Singh and Justice Rameshwar Malik also ordered to suspend their sentence. The bench passed the orders while hearing an appeal by these convicts against the orders of the district court Karnal.All the four appellants have contended before the court that the only allegation against them was that they helped the main accused and they were not directly involved in the incident. They also pointed out the observations of the lower court in which it had noted that there was scope for their integration in the mainstream after giving them a chance to reform.Gurmeet Singh's cavalcade was targetted on the GT Road near Karnal on February 2, 2008. The dera chief had escaped unhurt but his two followers sustained injuries after the assailants missed the targeted vehicle. Bakhshish was the main conspirator, who hatched a conspiracy to kill the dera head for hurting religious sentiments by wearing clothes similar to those worn by 10{+t}{+h} Sikh master Guru Gobind Singh.On September 12, additional and sessions judge, Karnal, Ravi Kumar had sentenced Bakhshish, Swaran Singh and Mohinder to 10 years imprisonment under Section 3 of the Explosive Substances Act. Other convicts -- Gurinder, Hoshiar, Dharminder and Jaswant -- were sentenced to five years' imprisonment. All of them were held guilty of conspiring and attempting to kill the dera head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "brisbane (australia)", "code": "17165868", "title": "Rain delays second day's play in Brisbane Test", "text": "BRISBANE (Australia): An early lunch was taken as rain continued to prevent a start to the second day's play in the first Test between Australia and South Africa at the Gabba on Saturday.The wicket remained covered amid persistent rain with the Brisbane forecast for more rain throughout Saturday.South Africa went to Friday's first day stumps at 255 for two with Hashim Amla not out 90 and Jacques Kallis on 84 after winning the toss.The Proteas suffered a significant blow overnight with confirmation that batsman JP Duminy was out of the three-Test series with an Achilles injury.The lower-order batsman was warming down by kicking a rugby ball around with teammates on the Gabba playing field after stumps when he suffered the injury.Duminy's loss poses an immediate problem for the Proteas, who went into the first Brisbane Test without a recognised spinner after preferring seamer Rory Kleinveldt to leg-spinner Imran Tahir in an all-pace attack.Duminy's off-breaks would have come in handy to add balance to the South African bowling attack, which will be spearheaded by Dale Steyn , Vernon Philander, Jacques Kallis and Kleinveldt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bankapur (haveri district)", "code": "17164948", "title": "Farmer welfare: Yeddyurappa, Shettar vie for credit", "text": "BANKAPUR (HAVERI DISTRICT): A day after calling the Jagadish Shettar ministry a 'coalition government' running with the support of his loyalists, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa got into a war of words with CM Shettar overtaking credit for various development works during the BJP's tenure.Participating in the commissioning of the Shiggaon lift irrigation scheme, a first-of-its kind here on Friday, acrimony between two Lingayat leaders reached a new high with both turning on each other.In his speech, Yeddyurappa said: \"It was during my tenure that the state saw maximum development works with a special focus on farming and irrigation projects. It was my decision to present agriculture budget for farmers, give farm loan at 3%, introduce Bhagyalaxmi scheme and launch a folk university for Haveri. It's for the people to think and decide what Yeddyurappa has done for the farmers and state.\"Countering this, Shettar, in his speech, said: \"Not any individual but the BJP government is responsible for all development works. After coming to power, the BJP has implemented several irrigation projects for farmers which other parties failed to do in the last 50 years.\"He also highlighted his success in handling of Cauvery crisis where he had staged a walkout from CWC meeting called by the Prime Minister after the PM failed to heed tp the state's demands. \"I gave much emphasis for irrigation projects after I became CM. I gave approval to Rs 1,000 crore housing project for the poor in the recent cabinet meeting\", he said.Water resource minister Basavaraj Bommai, tried his best to bring about peace by praising the two. \"Under Yeddyurappa's leadership, there was huge revolution in irrigation and agriculture sector. Shettar did well in handling Cauvery issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164720", "title": "Two held in Chakan for chain-snatching", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch on Friday claimed to have detected at least 10 chain-snatching cases, and two cases of vehicle thefts, following the arrest of two criminals on police records. The police have also recovered 169 gm of gold chains and two motorcycles totaling Rs 5.52 lakh from Mohan Dashrath Virkar (32) of Patewadi in Ahmednagar district and Vinod Halande (26) of Mulshi, both of whom were currently residing in Chakan.The anti chain-snatching squad of the crime branch, led by senior inspector Chandrakant Ghodke, made the arrests.Addressing a press conference, additional commissioner of police (crime) Shahaji Solunke said constables Baba Dangde and Raju Borde had received a tip-off that two criminals are involved in a series of chain-snatching crimes in the city. \"We arrested the duo from Chakan,\" Solunke said.Investigations have revealed the duo used to snatch chains after stealing motorcycles. \"They had committed the chain-snatching crimes between May and October in various parts of the city,\" Solunke said.Inspector Ghodke said the duo had committed five chain-snatching crimes in the jurisdiction of the Hinjewadi police station, two in Kothrud, and one each in Warje-Malwadi, Bharati Vidyapeeth and Chinchwad jurisdictions. \"The duo had stolen the motorcycles from Dattawadi and Chinchwad,\" Ghodke said.Virkar has 11 cases registered against him, including nine cases of vehicle thefts and Halande has nine cases, including seven cases of vehicle thefts. Ghodke said the duo was released from the Yerawada jail eleven months back. \"After that, they shifted their base to Chakan. They used to commit chain-snatching in Pune and go back to Chakan,\" Ghodke said.Solunke has announced a cash reward of Rs 20,000 for the anti-chain snatching squad, which included constables Deepak Desai, Laxman Dhumal, Vanraj Pawar, Digambar Adagale, Manohar Bhoine and Shivaji Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17165408", "title": "On Obama's return, Gujarat IT firms diversify ops in US", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Barack Obama's return to the White House and his strong views against outsourcing jobs overseas may be bad news for the Indian outsourcing industry. However, IT companies in Gujarat have found a way to retain their clients in the US by branching out to other segments.IT companies in Gujarat, which relied highly on North American companies, have either started focusing on other countries in Europe and Asia in the last 12 months or have diversified into smaller operations of consulting and providing enterprise solutions to American companies.Azure Knowledge Corporation opened an office in Philadelphia in July to run a project for the US Department of Education . The Ahmedabad-based knowledge processing outsourcing company checks and ranks the quality of US-based call centres which work for the education department in the US.Jay Ruparel, co-founder, Azure, \"During the presidential campaigning, Obama was pretty serious about keeping jobs in the US, which is why we thought of expanding our services and running quality control projects there. Although the operations are quite small, it will help us deal with any allegation that we are snatching jobs by taking them offshore. Besides, we can retain clients and it will give us a cushion amid slowdown.\"In December 2011, the Obama administration tabled the US Call Centre Bill to put aggressive mandates on all overseas call centre operations.Sunil Kakkad, president, Gujarat Electronics &amp; Software Industries Association, said, \"Several small companies from Gujarat have opened office in the US and are diversifying into other segments in IT to be safe against new anti-outsourcing policies.\" Kakkad, who is the chairman and managing director of Sai InfoSystem (SIS), recently started the company's mobile commerce operations in Chicago out of fear that the Obama government may bring out a policy against outsourcing. \"The precise reason we started operations in the US is the fear that the government may go against outsourcing anytime,\" said Kakkad.According to the industry's apex body Nasscom , Indian IT firms have recently increased their investment by ten times in US-based centres. This has created around 175,000 jobs in the US, which was facing high unemployment rates at one time.Despite the strong anti-outsourcing views, some Gujarat companies are optimistic about the growth of the industry in the US market. Pratul Shroff, founder, eInfochips, said, \"Visa rejections soared under Obama's administration and our company also experienced it. But, almost 96 per cent of our revenue comes from the US. It means that whenever there is a crisis, there is potential. Once customers see the value of outsourcing offshore, they will come to Indian companies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17164440", "title": "Rare surgery on rat snake performed", "text": "COIMBATORE: In what was termed a rare surgery, a 10-year-old female rat snake was operated on at the Coimbatore Corporation Zoo on Thursday. The snake which had abnormal growth in its stomach was operated on to remove several necrotic tissues from its abdomen.\"The tissues which were forming an abnormal growth in the abdomen were visible from the outside. If left untouched it could become cancerous or could burst causing injuries,\" said Dr Asokan, director of the corporation zoo. There were 4 tissues which were 50 to 70 grams in weight.The tissues which are bacterial infections were removed and sent to a private laboratory for testing. Based on their reports which may be available in a few days they will give further treatment, he said. Dr Asokan said that the snake has been kept in a separate enclosure till it recovers from surgery completely. He explained that ants may be attracted to the unhealed wounds. Polluted water and soil may have caused the disease, he added.At the same time, experts say that reptile medicine is in its infancy in the country. \"We lack dedicated experts who can diagnose and treat them effectively,\" says a veterinary doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17164912", "title": "FDA raids to check supply of adulterated milk", "text": "KANPUR: To keep a check on supply of adulterated milk during the festive season, officials of Food and Drug Administration conducted a raid at Nayaganj Khoya Mandi on Friday. The anti-adulteration drive was also carried out at sweet shops near Rawatpur railway station.The team of officials, led by chief food inspector DR Mishra along with police force reached Nayaganj Khoya Mandi and collected samples of Khoya being sold by various dairy owners. Mishra said more then 25 different samples of Khoya has been collected from the spot which had failed to clear the initial food adulteration test.These Khoya samples will now be sent for laboratory examination. Till the final reports are prepared, no absolute judgments can be made about the quality of the milk product, he said.\"Though the FDA has geared up to check adulteration, the customers also need to exercise caution. The first step towards buying unadulterated sweets is choosing a reputed shop.Then choose light-coloured sweets. Most of the sweets during festivals are prepared in bulk months in advance,\" Mishra said.He said to meet the demand, unscrupulous elements adulterate oil and khoya used in preparing sweets with toxic chemicals like argemone mexicana and deadly butter yellow dye. Mishra informed that semolina is another ingredient widely used to make synthetic milk during festivals.The FDA official said besides milk and sweets, refined oils and spices are also prone to adulteration during this season. People should therefore be extra-cautious while buying sweets from shops and stick to home-made sweets if possible, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17162306", "title": "I-League: Odafe fails, so do Mohun Bagan", "text": "KOLKATA: Okolie Odafe's promise of 'good football' remained unfulfilled. His claim that Mohun Bagan have gelled as a team and are determined to keep the momentum going was not in evidence when Bagan took on ONGC at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.Bagan's trip to the Capital for their fifth round I-League match on Friday earned them a point as it was once again evident that if Odafe doesn't score, there is none to stand up and be counted in a maroon-and-green shirt.Credit goes to ONGC and their unheralded soldiers, who were instructed to keep the Nigerian striker under leash. The scoresheet remained barren. Hassan Mohammed Adeola and slightly-built Robin Gurung suffered a barrage of elbows and close combat tactics that left them bruised but unbeaten. However, it would be a bit unfair to hang Bagan out to dry completely as Mridul Banerjee's men did create some chances. Odafe's attempt from a free-kick was good but not good enough. Denson Devdas' header from a Syed Rahim Nabi cross was gripped with alacrity by ONGC goalkeeper Prosenjit Ghosh. Again Nabi, playing as the right midfielder, created an opportunity with usual panache. None but Odafe could be blamed for not burying his header into the net following the dangerous cross.The coach in charge - always an unenviable position in Mohun Bagan - couldn't really point out the problem in his squad. Or maybe, he is not supposed to as he will have to relinquish his charge after another match to Karim Bencharifa. \"Maybe, the support that Odafe got from the midfield wasn't enough,\" he said after the match. And Banerjee has always maintained that Bagan is not a 'one-man team'!As the pressure for a win increased on Bagan, Nabi seemed to be the only one who got affected.His adventurous runs became more frequent but his colleague on the left flank, Snehashis Chakraborty, stayed anonymous. When Odafe finally managed to fire a shot - not a blistering one, of course - Ghosh conjured up the best save of the game by keeping it away, diving to his left.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164536", "title": "PM adviser meets Jayalalithaa in bid to speed up joint projects", "text": "CHENNAI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's adviser T K A Nair met chief minister J Jayalalithaa here on Friday, apparently to discus the speeding up of projects being implemented jointly by the Centre and the state. During the meeting at the state secretariat, they discussed various programmes, an official release said.Observers see the development as a move on the part of the UPA government to smoothen its relationship with the AIADMK government as some key projects, requiring joint cooperation, are facing hurdles.Among them is the Chennai Port-Maduravoyal elevated road project, which has put the National Highways Authority of India and the state public works department on a collision course. The state's cooperation is also required for other important projects, including the airport expansion and the metro rail. The serious electricity crisis in the state and the CM's repeated requests for additional power are also said to have figured during the discussions.\"The meeting between Jayalalithaa and Nair is rare as well as significant as he is one of the key persons in the Prime Minister's Office. It is a good sign for both the Centre and the state,\" said a senior official.\"Nair has been assigned to clear the roadblocks delaying the commissioning of the Kudankulam nuclear power project and the Tuticorin thermal power project,\" he said. The Port-Maduravoyal expressway promises improved connectivity between the manufacturing hub in Sriperum8budur and the port by redu8cing journey time. But the project, launched during the previous DMK government, faced a major roadblock after the state public works department asked NHAI to stop work on February 15, 2012, accusing it of deviating from the alignment agreed upon. The tussle is yet to be sorted out.The meeting between Jayalalithaa and Nair lasted 50 minutes. They were joined by the director in the PMO Pallavi Jain and Tamil Nadu chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi, besides other senior state government officials.\"The meeting was cordial. The appointment was fixed for 10.15am, but the meeting started 10 minutes ahead of schedule as both reached the venue early,\" said a senior official. Tamil Nadu Congress leaders said the meeting would bridge the distance between the Centre and state government.The seemingly official interaction attains significance in the wake of remarks by Union minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy that the ruling AIADMK has been more supportive of the Centre on the Kudankulam nuclear power project than its own ally, the DMK.Jayalalithaa has been strident in her criticism of various policy decisions of the Centre, including FDI in multi-brand retail, the fuel price hikes and training programmes in the country for Sri Lankan defence personnel.She had also accused the Centre of meting out step-motherly treatment to the state and ignoring her advice on beneficiaries for the Padma awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162489", "title": "Fleeing robbers shoot at guard", "text": "MUMBAI: Four robbers escaping after burgling a flat in the Ramanagar area of Dombivli on Friday shot at a security guard who tried to stop them. The guard, Jagan Thapa, was uninjured.Thapa soon alerted a police station located a km away but cops reached the spot an hour later. The robbers stole cash and ornaments collectively worth Rs 18,000 from a flat belonging to Rekha Solhapurkar in Shree Vitthal Niwas building and burgled Rekha Solhapurkar's flat. As they fled, Thapa spotted them and tried to raise an alarm when they shot at him.Last year, a call to the same police station after a robbery attempt near an ex-MLA's home had met with no response.Patil and his two sons sustained injuries when they tried to stop the robbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "17165008", "title": "Illegal mining rampant in Western Ghats", "text": "KARWAR: Illegal quarrying and mining are rampant in the Western Ghats. This despite the government's claims that steps have been taken to check mining.Berde village in Ankola taluk is one such place where illegal quarrying is rampant just 50 meters away from the bunkers and the tunnel built by the Indian Navy. Explosives are used to blast the boulders with scant respect to the law, according to the villagers.Villagers allege that some senior officials of the forest department are hand in glove with these illegal quarry owners. \"That is why the lower level staff of the department is scared to enter the village,\" said Ramakrishna Nayak, who is protesting against the encroachment of the forest land by these quarry owners. He alleged that despite repeated letters, the forest officials have been silent.He said the quarrying is rampant on agricultural and forest lands. An illegal road was constructed in the forest without permission, he alleged.GG Hegde, deputy director of mines and geology department, said that the illegal quarrying in Berde village has not come to the notice of the department. He said nobody has been given permission for quarrying in the area and that officials would check and file cases against the guilty.MD Todurkar, assistant conservator of forest, Ankola, admitted there was illegal quarrying in the area and that FIR was filed against those responsible for it. \"If quarrying persists then the action would be taken,\" he said. He said that it was the responsibility of mines and geology department to take action against those involved in it.Evironmental lovers and villagers have urged the police to stop the blasting immediately in this western ghat area and book the illegal quarry owners under the Explosives Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167765", "title": "Celebration time for Sandalwood stars", "text": "It is meant to be Chiranjeevi Sarja's big film, but it was his co-star Kiccha Sudeep who stole the show at a do organized to celebrate the film's completion at a city hotspot recently. Sporting facial fuzz and looking all chilled out, Sudeep joined the cast and crew of the film to party with friends from the fraternity.Joining them in all the merriment were his celebrity cricket league boys, including J Karthik, Tharun Chandra, Pradeep, Rahul and Tarun Sudhir, among others. Adding glam to the proceedings were the film's leading lady Nikeesha Patel, Aindrita Ray, Ramya Barna, Sumalatha and, of course, Sudeep's wife Priya. And while other filmi pals like actor-director Prem, Ravishankar, Diganth and Dhruva Sarja wished the film's cast all the very best , it was evident that Sudeep was missing his good friend and 'bro' Darshan. We spotted Shankara Gowda, Aiyyappa, P Arjun, Avinash, Muniratna, Rockline Venkatesh and deputy chief minister R Ashok having a good time at this do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167629", "title": "Dhanush to do a cameo in Mollywood flick", "text": "For a while, speculation has been rife that National Award winner Dhanush will act in a Malayalam film. And now, it would seem that he is all set to mark his Mollywood debut, albeit in a guest appearance in 'Kammath and Kammath', which stars Mammootty and Dileep.According to a post on Dileep's official page on a social networking site, Dhanush is slated to appear as a superstar who lands in God's Own Country to inaugurate a branch of the Kammath brothers' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Raaja Raja and Devaraj Kammath's \u00e2\u20ac\u201d hotel chain. When TOI asked Dileep to confirm the news, he replied in the affirmative. \"Yes, Dhanush will do a cameo in the film,\" he said.  Kammath and Kammath is director Thomson K Thomas's second film after the Dileep-starrer Karyasthan and shooting for it began on November 5. Also starring in the film are Rima Kallingal and Karthika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163708", "title": "Decomposed body of Briton found in Kolkata guest house", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Police retrieved the semi-decomposed body of Britisher from a guest house on Free School Street in central Kolkata on Friday. The victim has been identified as Frost Daniel Barrett from the passport.Barrett, in his 40s, checked into room 306 of the guest house on Monday. He did not leave his room too frequently, said employees of the guest house.On Thursday night, some boarders of the guest house complained of unbearable stench from the room following which people at the guest house knocked on his room's door. When it elicited no response, they broke open the door in the presence of police and found Barrett lying dead on the floor.Police suspect Barret may have suffered a severe heart attack.Some medicines and 16 inhalers were also found in the room. Though the cause of death is yet to be ascertained, police are probing if the person used to take drugs and whether the death was caused by a drug overdose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164330", "title": "BJP 'shop' displays literature on Vadra", "text": "LUCKNOW: The women wing of the Bharatiya Janata Party on Friday took a 'family' route to attack Congress president Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra who has been accused of shady deals with the real estate giant DLF.In a unique protest, BJP's women wing set up a temporary \"shop\", Damaad Ji (son-in-law), in Varanasi selling literature related to Robert Vadra's alleged involvement in the dubious deals. The \"shop\" was inaugurated by state media in charge of BJP Mahila Morcha Meena Chaubey. It remained open between 12pm and 3pm. The one-day \"shop\" was set up at BJP's district headquarter in front of Circuit House. Several BJP and Mahila Morcha leaders took part in the demonstration.India Against Corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal has accused Vadra of influencing several deals with DLF in Congress-ruled state of Harayana.BJP leaders alleged that the Congress-led state governments turned a blind eye towards illegal dealing of Vadra and gave him the cushion comfort of being the son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi. Making mockery of Gandhi family's dominance in Congress, Chaubey said: \"Beti (daughter)+Beta (Son) +Bhai (brother) +Jamai (son-in-law) = Congress (I)\", referring to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi , daughter Priyanka Gandhi , son Rahul Gandhi and son-in-law Robert Vadra without naming any one of them. A man worth Rs 50 lakh doesn't get any loan without any pre-condition, but in Vadra's case he was allowed to convert Rs 50 lakh into Rs 300 crore in only three years, Chaubey alleged and added: \"Congress' son-in-law had been given 100% free hand to fleece the public money.\"Making mockery of favours to Vadra, BJP leaders demanded he be declared as \"national son-in-law\". A banner put up at the \"shop\" read: \"This is the only shop which can guide people on how to grab land and get loan sans terms and conditions. The only criterion is that the person in need of any such facility should be son-in-law of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "17162254", "title": "It's love at rainy Sentosa", "text": "SINGAPORE: The biggest cheers were invariably meant for the hottest couple in sports these days.Rory McIlroy was slowly getting into rhythm and with girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki by his side, the World No. 1 seemed to have shrugged off the effects of a cold that had bothered him on the first day. With constant threat of lightning and a customary afternoon shower, the second day's play at Barclays Singapore Open, promoted by World Sport Group, was called off way before schedule, but the pair together known as Wozillroy and especially Caroline looked pretty happy.It might have been something to do with McIlroy's form, who had repaired some early second round damage with three birdies in four holes around the turn and stood at one-under for the tournament, five behind the leaders Simon Dyson and Chapchai Nirat, after 12 holes.Dyson and first round leader Chapchai were locked together on six-under par, one stroke ahead of Italian duo Francesco Molinari and Matteo Manassero and Dane Thomas Bjorn, who is yet to start his second round after shooting 66 on Day One.Among the 11 Indians in the fray, Anirban Lahiri, SSP Chowrasia, Himmat Rai and Jyoti Randhawa , were on joint 17th with two-under. Jeev Milkha Singh, meanwhile, has pulled out of the tournament with a finger injury that he aggravated in the opening round.When the proceedings started on the second day, Chapchai shot a flawless 65 to take the outright lead but Dyson joined him on the top with four birdies in his first 13 holes after an opening 69. Dyson, who has won four titles in Asia, started at the 10th and birdied the 12th, 14th and 18th. He picked up another shot at the first hole to draw with Chapchai, who carded two bogeys and two birdies in the first nine holes to remain on six-under-par.Manassero, on the other hand, fought back after a double bogey at the 10th.He shot birdies on six out of the next 13 holes to put himself into contention following a one-under 70 in the first round. Molinari, one of Europe's heroes in their recent Ryder Cup triumph, also did well with birdies in three of the 12 holes he played in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164747", "title": "5 tests ahead for MBA aspirants", "text": "PUNE: The entrance exam season for the management course aspirants is far from over. At least five management entrance exams are lined up in the next three months, following the closure of the online testing window for the Indian Institutes of Management's (IIMs) Common Admission Test (CAT) on November 6.Typically, these are the tests conducted by the B-schools which do not rely on the CAT score for effecting admissions to their institutes.\"Unlike CAT, these exams may not be that intellectually taxing but, speed and hard work are critical to clearing them,\" said T G Param, director, Triumphant Institute of Management Education, here on Friday.The online testing window for the NMAT, conducted by the Narsi Monji Institute of Management Studies, Mumbai, will continue till December 19 after it opened on October 11. \"The advantage of this test is that students can take three chances to clear the same,\" said Param.The entrance test for the Institute of Rural Management Anand (IRMA) is scheduled for November 11. This is especially for management courses offered in the field of rural and agri-business management. Close on the heels, the entrance exam of the Indian Institute of Foreign Trade (IIFT) is scheduled for November 25 for admissions to its campuses in Delhi and Kolkata.The national aptitude test of the city-based Symbiosis International University, better known as SNAP, will be held on December 16. The SIU, by virtue of being a deemed university, offers an MBA programme unlike the other institutions that offer an equivalent course called the post-graduate diploma in management (PGDM), as they do not have a university status.The Xavier Aptitude Test (XAT), conducted by the Xavier Labour Research Institute, and widely regarded as equally difficult as CAT, will be held on January 6, 2013.Finally, the All India Council for Technical Education's Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) for 2013-14 will be held online from February 21 to 25. Registration process for the CMAT has already started from November 1 and will continue till January 2, 2013.Param said, \"The XAT is an exception among all these tests as it can be even difficult than CAT at times. However, most management aspirants find themselves adequately prepared for these tests on the basis of their preparation for the CAT, which is regarded as the mother of all entrance tests for management courses.\"He added: \"The difficulty level of questions in some of these tests may vary according to the requirements of the individual institutions. Similarly, some exams like the IIFT, SNAP and CMAT have general knowledge component.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17162762", "title": "Old City simmers, cops on toes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed at Charminar on Friday afternoon when a group of over 150 people started raising slogans shortly after the 'jumma' prayers, but alert policemen quickly dispersed the crowd and thwarted any chance of violence.Local residents said this was the first time the 'chilla' witnessed such a large congregation, while police officials said they did not have prior information of the gathering at the place of worship and were taken in by surprise. But forces quickly dispersed the gathering as soon as prayers at the 'chilla' ended.Security on Friday was beefed up from 25 platoons of armed police personnel to 38 platoons in the area anticipating trouble, a senior police official said. Police said heavy security was a preventive measure for keeping anti-social elements in check.Roads at key routes leading to the Mecca Masjid were barricaded regulating movement of vehicles and pedestrians, even as evening prayers were held at the Bhagyalakshmi Temple. To keep troublemakers at bay, barricades were set up at Gulzar Houz for the second consecutive Friday. Roads along Sardar Mahal, Lad Bazar and Mughalpura too were blocked. Barricades at Government Nizamia Tibbi Hospital were set up at noon, half an hour ahead of prayer schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17163829", "title": "Give gunny bags to adhya Pradesh in time, Shivraj Singh Chouhan urges centre", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan urged the Centre to make available adequate number of gunny bags to the state in time for wheat procurement. Besides, surplus wheat should also be lifted. In this connection, the chief minister has written a letter to Union minister of state for food and civil supplies K V Thomas, a government spokesperson informed here on Friday.In the letter, the chief minister said the state is once again facing problem of gunny bags supply for the current kharif and ensuing rabi procurement seasons. Preparations have been started in the state for rabi procurement right now. The state government had communicated its requirement to the ministry well in time along with full payment of Rs 72 crore 40 lakh in July this year, spokesperson said.Through a series of several meetings in July, August and October, a programme was chalked out by the ministry. Accordingly, 10,000 jute gunny bales are to be supplied in September, 30,000 jute gunny bales in October and 36,000 jute gunny bales in November. Besides, the state is also to get 9,400 HDPP/PE bales also. The chief minister informed the minister that about 80% of the HDPP/PE bales have been received, but the programme for supply of the jute gunnies has not been adhered to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17163827", "title": "Hike in wages state's Diwali gift to prisoners", "text": "BHOPAL: In a move being seen as nothing short of a Diwali gift, the state government has effected a major hike in daily wages of prisoners they get for work they do in jails during the period of incarceration. The revised wages will benefit 33,000 prisoners, currently lodged in 123 jails in the state with immediate effect.The orders for wages' hike, issued on November 5 states that prisoners engaged in agriculture-related activities in jails would get Rs 55 per day, up from a measly Rs 10 per day they were getting so far. The prisoners will get the benefit with immediate effect.Similarly, skilled labourers deployed in commercial activities like weaving and crafting would get Rs 55 per day from an earlier Rs 27 per day. The semi-skilled labourers involved in other commercial activities will get Rs 50 per day from the earlier Rs 21.\"With revised rates, MP has become the state that pays highest wages to prisoners in the country. We take their services for only half day ie 6 hours per day and pay wages for the entire day. The remaining half day is used for other activities, including recreation\" said DIG (Prisons) R S Vijayvargiya.Wage is deposited in a prisoner's bank account which the person can use for paying fees to his advocate, besides, giving to family or making any other use.As per the rule, it is mandatory to work for the ones sentenced with rigorous imprisonment, sentenced for more than two years of jail term, to work in jails. While working in jail is optional for under-trials and the ones sentenced for less than 2 years, the officials added.The revision of wages in jails began after directives of apex court in 2000. The court had directed the state governments to pay prisoners as per the laws the labour department laid down and to set up wage board for recommending wage revision at regular intervals. In MP, it is the third revision after the Supreme Court issued directives, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "17164888", "title": "Haryana's rights body begins functioning from Chandigarh, Delhi", "text": "CHANDIGARH : The recently constituted Haryana Human Rights Commission(HHRC) has started functioning from both Chandigarh and New Delhi.Justice Vijender Jain (Retd) cief justice is the chairman of the commission and Justice H S Bhalla, a retired judge and J S Ahlawat, a retired IAS officer are members of the commission.In Delhi, the office of the commission has been opened at Haryana Bhawan, Copernicus Marg, near Mandi House, New Delhi. The office is functioning from room number 2, 3 and 4 of the Haryana Bhawan.The member of the commission J S Ahlawat is functioning from Delhi office, which will remain open from 10.30 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. on all working days. Any person aggrieved on account of violation of his or her human rights, can submit a complaint alongwith an affidavit in the office of the commission during office hours on any working day .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167191", "title": "Prabhu Deva and Gayathri off to Coimbatore", "text": "India's dance sensation Prabhu Deva and the entire crew of Ungalil Yaaru Prabhu Deva are off to Coimbatore for the grand finale. Ungalil Yaaru Prabhu Deva is a popular dance reality show telecast on Vijay TV in search of young dance talents in the country.The grand finale of the second season of the competition is to held in Coimbatore at the Hindustan college on Sunday the 11th November.Looks like actress Poorna, Ananya, and the three judges Gayathri Raguraam, Sangeetha and dance master Sridhar will shake a leg along with the Indian Michael Jackson Prabhu Deva at the finale.While the finale happens tomorrow (11th Nov), there is no live telecast of the finale and the audience will have to wait a week when the finale would be telecast on 18th November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162680", "title": "Another wash-out for Dolphins", "text": "MUMBAI: The Sunfoil Dolphins and Chevrolet Warriors were left frustrated by rain on Friday after their Momentum one-day Cup match was abandoned at Sahara Stadium Kingsmead.The home side had reached 67 for two after 17 overs when play was initially halted. Cameron Delport was unbeaten on 38 off 49 deliveries and had earlier shared a 54-run stand with captain Daryn Smit (24). The two wickets were taken by Makhaya Ntini , who bowled excellently for his one for 26 in seven overs, and Wayne Parnell (1-16).After the covers were initially brought on at 16h18, they came off briefly within 20 minutes, but went back on and never returned before umpires Gerrie Pienaar and Brad White decided to declare the match a no result. Both sides take two points, their first of the season.The result will be particularly frustrating for the hosts as the match is their seventh consecutive one affected by rain dating back to last season.Five of those have been abandoned.Their next assignment is on Sunday when they travel to Johannesburg to face the bizhub Highveld Lions, while the Warriors have to wait until next Friday for their next game, which is against the Nashua Mobile Cape Cobras in East London .The teams:Sunfoil Dolphins: Cameron Delport, Jonathan Vandiar, Daryn Smit (capt &amp; wkt), Vaughn van Jaarsveld, David Miller, Cody Chetty, Robbie Frylinck, Prenelan Subrayen, Kyle Abbott , Mthokozisi Shezi, Lonwabo Tsotsobe.Chevrolet Warriors: Michael Price, Jon-Jon Smuts, Ashwell Prince , Colin Ingram, Davy Jacobs (capt &amp; wk), Craig Thyssen, Wayne Parnell, Simon Harmer, Makhaya Ntini, Andrew Birch, Basheer Walter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17165167", "title": "Man arrested for killing business partner", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore district police have cracked a four-week-old murder case by arresting the victim's friend and business partner.SP R Dileep told reporters that they have arrested Karunakumar, 35, for allegedly murdering his friend Vedamurthy of Bangalore by smashing his head using a boulder. Karunakumar was also wanted by police for allegedly assaulting Kavitha, wife of Vedamurthy, five days after the latter was murdered in Nanjangud.\"The case was challenging because we came to know about the incident six days after the murder. The body was completely in decomposed state, and his identity was not known. Vedamurthy was murdered at an abandoned guard room of a farmhouse on Nanjangud-Ooty Road owned by K V Thomas on October 11. But it came to our notice on October 17 after a villager alerted us,\" the SP explained.\"Initially, we suspected Thomas. But after verifying his antecedents, we dropped him from the list of suspected persons. Later, we identified the victim, and a case of missing of Vedamurthy was registered with Bangalore police. During investigation, it came to light that Vedamurthy had gone to meet his business partner Karunakumar with a cheque of Rs 95,000 to fund their new venture of hiring a petrol bunk,\" he added.Dileep told reporters that Karunakumar killed Vedamurthy when he was fast asleep, by which time he was made to drink heavily. Later, the accused also threatened Kavitha, into which the investigation is on. \"We are interrogating to know the antecedents of Karunakumar,\" the SP said.Man injured in mishapAzeem, 32, who had suffered injuries in a road accident involving a police jeep, is recuperating from operation. His friend and auto driver Nanjegowda told TOI that his vehicle was hit by a speeding jeep near Ramaswamy Circle. He claims that the vehicle was driven by a youth, \"and not by any excise department official as claimed by city police\". Azeem and Nanjegowda were coming from HD Kote carrying fish to Devaraja Market when the incident took place. The four-wheeler driver fled the scene.Nanjegowda said cops had promised to bear the medical expenses, \"but so far have not turned up\". \"We have spent Rs 20,000 on treatment at JSS Hospital,\" he added. KR traffic police have registered a case against excise enforcement and lottery prohibition wing SI Harish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163408", "title": "Snatch and shoot case: My city has become so unsafe, says victim", "text": "KOLKATA: The diminutive frame of this 40-something woman belies the courage and grit with which she tried to fight off armed snatchers in Sonarpur on Thursday morning. Jharna Naskar, who still has a bullet lodged in his thigh, shudders at the thought of the spine-chilling fight with two gunmen. And she is furious and frightened \"at how unsafe the city has become\".She recounted her ordeal to TOI from her hospital bed. \"I can still hear the sound of the motorcycle screeching to a halt in front of us. I don't think I will ever forget it,\" she said.Jharna, her sister Roma and brother-in-law Shibshankar Sardar were standing right at her doorstep when the snatchers struck. It was not Jharna they targeted, as the media believed on Thursday, but Roma, who was wearing a thick gold necklace.\"A tall, well-built man lunged at Roma. I remember he had very long hair and looked fierce. We were all taken by surprise. None of us had thought we would be unsafe right in front of our home. I saw the goon stretch out his hand and grab Roma's necklace. But he couldn't snap it. He jumped off the bike, and dragged her by the neck about 10 metres or so and succeeded in snatching the chain,\" said Jharna.By then, Shibshankar had recovered from his shock and rushed to rescue Roma. Undaunted, the goon turned on him and went for his gold chain as well. Jharna screamed for help. It was 9.30am. There were scores of passersby but no one came to their aid. When Jharna saw the goon overpowering Shibshankar, her instincts kicked in. She waded into the battle without thinking that she weighed less than half the goon.\"I had to do something,\" she said. \"The goon was tall and very strong but I noticed he had long hair. I caught him by the hair. He was too strong for me and threw me on the ground, but I hung on\" said Jharna.The grim tussle went on for a few seconds, which seemed like long minutes for Jharna. The goon kept trying to break free, but she clung to his hair. Shibshankar also joined the fight. Then, out of the corner of her eye, she saw the second goon pull a pistol from his pocket.\"I still wouldn't let go. It was like I was possessed,\" she said. \"Then, I heard the rider fire three rounds. I have never heard gunshots before, never even seen a real gun. I was shaken but I also realised that if I gave up, the goons would probably shoot my brother-in-law,\" said the feisty woman.She stood as a shield between Shibshankar and the gunman. \"The next moment I heard another bang and a searing pain in my thigh. I slumped to the ground and the snatchers fled,\" said Jharna.Her sister and brother-in-law, who live in Delhi, had come to visit her on Wednesday. The couple had stayed for the night and were saying their goodbyes, a few meters from Jharna's house, leaving when the snatchers struck.\"Never in my nightmares had I ever thought of encountering gunmen in front of my house. Though I am wounded, I am happy that my sister and brother-in-law are safe. They were my guests and it was my duty to protect them. I'd have been happier if had stopped the snatchers from fleeing,\" said Jharna.Doctors say she is out of danger. \"Her condition is very stable. As for the bullet in the thigh, her doctors will know best when to remove it,\" said Parthapratim Pradhan, medical superintendent and vice-principal National Medical College and Hospital.Jharna's relatives and friends are flocking to the hospital to be at her side. They are furious with the rise in crime in the locality. A county liquor shop, close to where the snatching happened, is a breeding ground for anti-social elements, they say.\"We keep hearing about snatching cases now and then but we always thought our locality was safe. We were utterly wrong. The fact that the goons dared commit such a crime in broad daylight is proof that law and order has gone haywire in the state. If it has become unsafe for a woman to wear a gold chain on the road, what can we expect from lawkeepers?\" wondered Naskar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17162701", "title": "Notorious burglar arrested along with two associates", "text": "HYDERABAD: North Zone police arrested a notorious burglar and two people who bought stolen property on Thursday night and recovered Rs 40 lakh worth booty from their possession on Friday.The accused were identified as Jaweed Pasha, 25, a mechanic, Mohammed Akram Pasha, 32, an auto driver and Mohammed Muneer, 25, a Hamali from Ranigunj. Jaweed Pasha is a notorious burglar.In the last week of September Jaweed committed burglary at a businessman Mahesh Gupta's house at Ratna Co-operative Society in Sikh Village and escaped with 76 tolas of gold and Rs 6.5 lakh cash.Based on the complaint lodged by Gupta, Bowenpally police registered a case and a special team was formed to nab the offenders. Through persistent efforts, the special team found that Jaweed had committed the offence.Police nabbed him from his house on Thursday and during interrogation, he confessed to disposing of the property through the other two accused.\"Equipped with Jaweed's confession, the special team on Friday arrested the other two from Ranigunj and recovered 1 kg gold, diamond jewelry and Rs 6.5 lakh cash from their possession.\"Jaweed had also confessed to committing some other burglaries and we are investigating the cases,\" North Zone DCP Ch Srikanth said.The accused was produced before court along with the seized property and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164095", "title": "Body on train: Rly cops say he was stabbed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after a body was found inside the DEMU passenger train, the forensic report has indicated that the deceased was stabbed to death, and also had some old stab wounds on his body for which he had recently got treated.According to the railway police, the body was found at the Old Delhi railway station on October 19. After the passengers got off, the train was sent to the railway washing lines at Shakurbasti when the maintenance engineers noticed the body and informed the RPF, who then informed the police,'' said additional DCP (railways) Sanjay Bhatia.Since the train had no reserved compartment, cops said, it has been difficult to trace the other passengers and get leads. Police officials are planning to study the CCTV footage from the Old Delhi station.\"There was a twist in the case when we found that the deceased had previous stab wounds on his body and he had been treated for them before the death. The man, wearing a cotton shirt and pant, seemed to be travelling after getting some first-aid but he died en-route. His details and photograph have been sent to all Government Railway Police units and stations,'' said a cop. A case of murder has now been registered at the Old Delhi station.According to police data, around 37, 463 bodies have been found since 2007 - a jump from 24,416 till April last year. Of this, 24,769 could never be identified. Though police make all efforts to trace their family, the bodies are never identified in most cases and police officials end up performing the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17164242", "title": "20 held, truck &amp; dumpers seized in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Taking cognizance of alleged illegal extraction of minor minerals from various riverbeds in Papum Pare district, deputy commissioner Pige Ligu along with the joint director Dilip Kumar Chutia and another official, Tassar Talo, of the state geology and mining department and police conducted a surprise check at various riverbed quarries near Doimukh area and found that indiscriminate unlawful extraction of minor minerals has been going on for quite some time.The police apprehended 20 labourers, all from outside the state. Four trucks and two dumpers involved in such illegal extraction of minor minerals and its transportation were seized on Thursday, according to an official release. It was very surprising to note that during the checking, no person involved in extraction of minor minerals could produce any valid mining permit for extraction of minor minerals issued from the competent authority, the DC informed in the release.The stone crusher units set up at Doimukh area for supplying stone chips to the railway project too could not produce any valid documents permitting operation of the units, the release said. It added an FIR was formally lodged at the Doimukh police station to prevent the unlawful extraction of minor minerals and pilferage of revenue thereof.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17165067", "title": "Zaheer Khan's fitness is sore point", "text": "MUMBAI: The big question surrounding Team India's bowling ahead of the first Test against England is Zaheer Khan's fitness. His ability or lack of it to last the distance will be crucial to India's chances. On Friday afternoon, when 14 of the 15-member squad arrived at Mumbai's Brabourne Stadium for a preparatory camp, Zaheer clearly didn't seem very sprightly.He walked on to the field with the rest of his mates, got into a huddle, played a bit of football as part of the warm-up' and headed straight to the massage table after a brief chat with coach Duncan Fletcher. Zaheer spent the next 40 minutes with physiotherapist Evan Speechly, who helped the bowler with his stretching and muscle relaxation routine. By then, the rest of the squad had hit the nets and put in a strenuous two-hour session. The left-arm seamer joined the rest of the bowlers in the nets later, bowling around 25 to 30 deliveries at military medium. His strides were slow and the trademark jump at the crease was non-existent.There was no official information available on Zaheer's fitness' which first looked doubtful when the bowler had pulled up sore, clutching his groin, and walked away during Mumbai's Ranji Trophy match against Railways last Sunday.He was expected to bowl on Monday but did not return to the field. His lack of match-fitness' evident during Friday's net session' only added to the mystery.Meanwhile, the rest of the team - barring off-spinner Harbhajan Singh, who couldn't make it to Mumbai as his flight got delayed - hit the nets with a great deal of camaraderie.Coach Duncan Fletcher and bowling coach Joe Dawes kept a close watch as Sachin Tendulkar batted on three different practice pitches against a host of bowlers before spending a good 20 minutes knocking. Virender Sehwag, who had suffered a minor cut to his right index finger in a recent Ranji Trophy match, also batted in the nets and looked comfortable. The rest of the bowling attack looked in good touch. Spinners R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha bowled in tandem and so did Ishant Sharma and Umesh Yadav, who ran in fast and hit the deck.The younger lot - the recently engaged Cheteshwar Pujara' an in-form Virat Kohli, Ajinkya Rahane and Murali Vijay - too padded up and spent quality time in the middle.The squad looked in good shape and spirit, apart from, of course, Zaheer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167659", "title": "Rajev should give Delnaaz some space: Karishma", "text": "While she was on the reality show, Karishma Kotak, maintained a very diplomatic stand and did not get into any controversies. In fact, though she had to share the house with her ex boyfriend Niketan Madhok, she maintained a graceful silence about the same. Talking about her experience in the house, Karishma says, \"I did not want to discuss my personal life.\" And while we are at that, what does she have to say about the other separated couple \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rajev Paul and Delnaz Irani? \"Personally, I feel Rajev should give Delnaz some space,\" says the model, who had to opt out of the show owing to her father's demise. Recollecting the time she spent in the house goes, Karishma says, \"While in the beginning it was quite good, after some time, with no form of entertainment there, you tend to run out of conversation. The dialogues get limited as you are conversing with the same people every day. You tend to go into a verbal coma,\" She adds, \"But you get to learn a lot about yourself as you are dealing with things that you generally don't.\" They say that the show is scripted, what does she have to say about it? \"It's a crazy house and many people have asked me if the show was scripted, but trust me there is no script.\" Quiz her on who was her favourite co -contestant and pat comes the reply, \"It has to be Sidhuji. He was the one who held the family together.\" So is there anyone in the house that she would like to be in touch with later? To which she says, \"Sidhuji for sure, maybe Aseem too, but nobody else.\" Since the time Karishma has come out of the house she has been getting a lot of calls for work and the model now has her eyes set on Bollywood (like most of the other aspirants who are on the show). She says, \"In terms of work, I got good visibility in the show and now people have been calling me for events, shows and even films. I would definitely like to do films.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164819", "title": "Woman who stole baby sent to police custody", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri court on Friday sent Asma Kamble, who was arrested for stealing a newborn boy from Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital (YCMH) in Pimpri, to police custody till November 15.Kamble, 40, had stolen the baby from the hospital on Monday. She was arrested from her rented house in Anandrao Bhikaji Kate Chawl in Ravet on Thursday night.Deputy commissioner of police (Zone III) Shahji Umap told reporters on Friday that Kamble was seen taking the baby in the CCTV footage at the hospital. Following a tip-off, a team led by senior inspector Mohan Vidhate recovered the baby from Kamble's home. The police have also sealed the house.The baby was reunited with its mother Aparna Pokharkar at the hospital around 11.30pm.According to the police, Kamble has three children from her first marriage - the eldest being 23 years old. She told the media on Thursday that her husband died a few years ago. Kamble, who was working as a maid, married a security guard last year. The police have detained him for interrogation.The police said that, Kamble's relatives were asking her why she was unable to conceive even after one year of marriage. Kamble, who had undergone a family planning operation, had read that a woman had stolen a baby from Bhosari and decided to try her luck in stealing a baby.She went to the YCMH eight days ago. She visited the hospital again on Monday. \"I went to the maternity ward and enquired about newborn babies. I picked up one baby and returned home,\" she said.A few months ago, Kamble had told everyone that she was pregnant. So, when the baby was brought home, no one suspected her. She had given BCG and triple polio vaccines to the child.Pokharkars overjoyedAparna Pokharkar, 27, who was waiting to see her newborn baby for three days, was overjoyed when she took him in her arms on Thursday night. Aparna's husband Hemant, her parents and other relatives were in a state of shock for the past three days after the baby was stolen from the hospital.Kisan Wable, grandfather of the baby, said: \"I am grateful to the Pune police for reuniting the baby with his mother in four days. DCP Umap and other police officials boosted our morale.\"Wable added that around 9.30pm on Thursday they came to know that the police had traced the woman and would soon recover the baby. \"The baby appeared weak. So, the doctors have advised us to keep him in the hospital for a few days so that he can recover fully. Later, we will go back to our village.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163730", "title": "Caution officials now shy of nod to cost escalations", "text": "NAGPUR: Too cautious bureaucrats following the recent controversy over irrigation works now appear reluctant to approve cost escalations. It has been over six months that Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) is awaiting green signal to hike the cost of around 60 projects. This has held up the payment of around Rs 80 crore to contractors who in turn have stopped the work hampering creation of irrigation potential.Often the cost of ongoing project is increased due to actual expenditure exceeding the estimates. This has also been a matter of controversy that finally led to the state's deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's exist from the government. Pawar, who held the water resources ministry till 2010, is alleged to have approved unrealistic escalations during his tenure. The issue has now made the bureaucrats extra cautious.Officials do not want to invite a fresh controversy. Though escalations are finally signed by the water resources minister, papers are also scrutinized by secretaries in finance and planning department. There are rumours that the procedure would be made more stringent in future, said a contractor on condition of anonymity.VIDC executive director Prafulchandra Zapke confirmed the situation and said there was a likelihood of other irrigation development corporations (IDCs) in the state also facing similar problem. The payments won't be made until the new costs are approved as funds were released only after that, he said.VIDC is already facing the worst drought of funds as the central government that funds certain key projects like Gosikhurd dam has withheld the money for over a year, again due to controversies. Now the state is also sitting over escalation proposal of ongoing projects. Escalations happen because tenders are allocated on the basis of preliminary estimates and there is a time lag between the estimations, awarding of tender and starting of work during which period the prices of materials and labour rise, said a contractor.Contractors have told VIDC that they were in dire straits due to this situation. In a formal communication to the VIDC, they said they had not been able to make payments to their employees. Many have ended up defaulting on bank loans and have also resorted to pledging ornaments to raise funds for meeting their obligations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164850", "title": "Head constable gets 3 yrs' RI in bribe case", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge V P Utpat on Friday sentenced police head constable Khandu Gunaji Ichake (50) of Ottur police station to three years rigorous imprisonment in a bribe case.Ichake was further sentenced to three years' RI for criminal misconduct under relevant sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. He was also fined Rs 10,000. The sentences will run concurrently.According to the prosecution's case, Ichake had demanded a bribe of Rs 10,000 from complainant Sunil Ukirde of Dingori village in Junnar taluka for not taking preventive action against him and his family members in a cross complaint case lodged against them by their neighbour Vishwas Amale on September 28, 2009.Additional public prosecutor Pratap Jadhav said that after negotiations, Ichake reduced the amount to Rs 6,000 and took Rs 1,000 from Ukirde and asked him to pay the balance the next day.The state anti-corruption bureau sleuths led by inspector Sangita Patil caught Ichake red-handed while accepting the rest of the money in the presence of panch witness.Jadhav relied on the evidence of three witnesses to prove the guilt of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17164894", "title": "Youth Congress meeting turns into ugly poster war in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Youth Congressmen owing allegiance to G K Vasan and Chidambaram factions came to fisticuffs over the tearing away of one group's poster by the other. The meeting had been organized to give training to the youth congressmen on the prevailing political situation in the country, and the State Youth Congress leader Yuvraj was to officiate it.As the meeting was in progress on the first floor at Trichy's Arunachala Mantram, the Congress landmark, there was utter chaos on the steps where two groups were squabbling over trivia. It was said that posters of Karthi Chidambram had been plastered on the walls of the Mantram in view of the meeting today. Karthi celebrates his birthday on November 16, and his followers including Mahendran, the organizer of the Trichy East Assembly constituency, wanted to make a big show of it.Tension ran high as the followers of Suresh who happens to be the Youth Congress leader of the Trichy parliamentary constituency, and a G K Vasan loyalist tore some of the posters of Union finance minister P Chidambaram and his son Karthi Chidambaram. Mahendran confronted Suresh and there was a free for all.State secretary of the Congress Seva Dal A S Charles told TOI that, \"both the boys (in the rival camps) were good cadres, and one of them, a real estate agent, and a nouveau riche, wanted to flaunt his wealth through a poster war. On the whole, they were all over-enthusiastic.\"Trichy's veteran Congressman Kalayanaraman said that the incident proved once again that it was a party full of differences and it only came to the fore in Trichy. We have survived it in the past, and we would emerge stronger every time such an \"adithadi\" takes place. Young Congress leader Yuvaraj was a silent spectator to the chaos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "17162703", "title": "Black money issue: Companies deny wrongdoing, slam Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Companies including Reliance Industries, the Anil Ambani group, Jet Airways and the Burmans of Dabur on Friday rejected allegations of holding illegitimate Swiss bank accounts levelled by Indian Against Corruption member Arvind Kejriwal saying were \"baseless and false\". While refusing to comment on the specific charges, HSBC's Indian arm said it took compliance with the law \"very seriously\".Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries Ltd said \"the continued tirade of baseless allegations made by IAC against RIL appears to be instigated by vested interests\". Neither Reliance nor Mukesh Ambani have or had any illegitimate accounts anywhere in the world, an RIL statement said, adding that Reliance has business interests in several countries with turnover of thousands of crores in rupees. As a part of their normal business, these international subsidiaries of Reliance deal with several global banks including HSBC.\"These accounts are fully compliant with all regulations and are disclosed in their appropriate jurisdictions and in India,\" the statement said.The IAC also released a list of Swiss bank account holders which include the family patriarch Kokilaben Ambani, late Sandeep Tandon, advisor RIL, his MP wife Annu Tandon and Motech Software Private Limited, allegedly a RIL group company.A spokesperson for the Anil Ambani group said, \"Anil Ambani had no bank accounts with HSBC in Geneva.\"Kejriwal alleged that Mukesh Ambani and Anil Ambani had Rs 100 crore each in Swiss bank accounts while their mother Kokilaben also had a Swiss bank account which had no balance.A Jet Airways spokesperson said there was no account in the name of Naresh Goyal in a Swiss bank as has been alleged. \"Naresh Goyal has been an NRI since January 1991. He is entitled to have bank accounts outside India. The suggestion that there has been any unaccounted money stashed away in Swiss accounts is entirely false,\" the spokesperson said.HSBC said the bank was unable to comment on the specific details of the allegations that have been made, \"which related to issues in the past\". \"HSBC takes compliance with the law, wherever it operates, very seriously. With a new senior global leadership team and a new strategy in place since last year, HSBC continues to take concrete steps to strengthen compliance, risk management and culture,\" the bank said.A Dabur statement said the accounts were opened by the Dabur family when they were NRIs and were legally allowed to open such accounts. \"The amount being referred to in the media, pertaining to these accounts, has been officially remitted from India through official banking channels as per FEMA guidelines,\" the statement said.Kejriwal alleged that another RIL group firm, Motech Software Private Ltd, had Rs 2,100 crore in such bank accounts.Kejriwal alleged that Annu Tandon, a first-time Congress MP from Unnao in UP and her husband late Sandeep Tandon, a former IRS official who advised RIL on taxation matters, had Rs 125 crore each in Swiss bank accounts.Reacting to Kejriwal's allegations, Annu Tandon termed it as a load of lies and reportedly threatened to take legal action against Kejriwal after consulting family members.RIL shares closed down 1% at Rs 788.6 in a weak Mumbai market on Friday, while most Anil Ambani group firms like Reliance Power , Reliance Capital , Reliance Infrastructure and Reliance Communications also ended in the red.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162578", "title": "Cops yet to recover stolen property, probing if Bandra rapist had accomplice", "text": "MUMBAI: Bandra police took Anwar Mohmmed Ansari alias Chor Badshah into custody on Friday and are probing if he was helped by an accomplice. Ansari allegedly raped a Spanish national at Perry Cross road on early Monday after robbing a few houses in the area.Ansari was arrested on Tuesday but he did not confess to his crime, police said they will have to mostly rely on scientific evidence in the case. Forensic experts collected DNA samples of the accused from the material at the victim's flat. Ansari apparently entered the victim's flat through a window around 2am on Monday, threatened her with a kitchen knife and raped her twice during the 45 minutes he was there. He then used her gown to clean himself and left along with it, a camera and currency. Police say the gown, if recovered, will prove to be key evidence. A search of Ansari's house after his arrest helped recover the clothes he was wearing when he entered the victim's flat. But police failed to find any of the stolen property, including the gown.Ansari was remanded to jail custody and on Thursday, during an identification parade at Arthur Road jail, the victim identified him as the rapist. On Friday, the Bandra magistrate court remanded Ansari to police custody till November 16. Police had informed the court that they wanted his custody to ask him about the stolen property and enquire if he had an associate.A police source said, \"The stolen property is crucial evidence in the case and will prove Ansari's involvement. We have also requested the forensic department to deal with the case on a priority basis and give us the reports soon.\"TimelineNov 5: Anwar Mohmmed Ansari allegedly tried to rob a house on Perry Cross road, Bandra, but escaped as an alert watchman raised an alarm. He then robbed another house nearby before breaking into a Spanish woman's flat at around 2am on Monday. He threatened her with a kitchen knife, raped her twice and escaped after stealing from her flatNov 6: Ansari was arrested based on a sketch drawn up on a description given by the womanNov 7: A court remanded Ansari to judicial custodyNov 8: Spanish woman identified Ansari as the rapist in an identification parade at Arthur Road jailNov 9: Court remanded Ansari to police custody till Nov 16. Bandra police said they want to ask him if he was aided by an accomplice and where he had stashed the loot", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17164978", "title": "Jharkhand gets festive gift from Airports Authority of India", "text": "RANCHI: Airport authorities have decided to throw open the new integrated terminal building at Birsa Munda Airport here for the people.It will come as a festive gift for the fliers from Jharkhand who have so far been flying through the old terminal where portions of the false ceiling have come off many times in the past.The new terminal building, a project of Rs 138 crore spread over 19,676 sqm of land, has been furnished with equipment imported from China, Germany and Singapore.According to officials of the Airports Authority of India (AAI), the airport has the strength to handle 500 domestic and 200 international passengers at a time.Ranchi airport director RR Kumar said, \"The stage is set for inauguration. Now the dates are being finalized.\"AAI has decided to get the airport inaugurated just after Diwali.Chief minister Arjun Munda and Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh will be invited to inaugurate the terminal. The approach road issue of the airport will be solved before December as well. Ranchi deputy commissioner, AAI officials and Army official will sit for a meeting on Saturday to solve the issue.If the road issue is not solved in time, AAI authorities will open an internal link road to the new airport.The terminal building was to be opened in June but the non-construction of an approach road to the airport delayed the inauguration.General manager (project) VVG Raju said, \"The approach road issue will also be solved soon. Ranchi deputy commissioner is holding a meeting with army and AAI officials on Saturday for the purpose.\"The new terminal building needs to be connected to the city for which 1 km approach road has to be constructed.Construction works had begun 18 months ago, but it is yet to be completed as a unit of the Indian Army, situated nearby, had objected to it claiming that the land belonged to them.An additional secretary of the defence ministry is likely to visit the site to give clearance for the construction of the approach road soon.Ranchi DC Vinay Kumar Choubey said, \"The high court has intervened into the matter and asked us to get the approach road constructed. Saturday's meeting will be useful for it.\"Even if the district administration is not able to make any headway in the approach road issue, the AAI has decided to go ahead with making the new terminal building functional.\"An internal approach way, though temporary, will be provided to the new terminal building and thus it would be made functional,\" said GM Raju. He, however, did not specify the date for the development.The new terminal building is advanced in many terms.A 1200-tonne airconditioning system has been installed in the terminal which has two passenger boarding bridges, five escalators, six elevators, a larger baggage conveyer system brought from Singapore and a 750 KVA generator.Along with four buses, 216 cars can be parked at the parking space of the new terminal building. The authorities have installed 50 CCTV cameras for the purpose of security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17163722", "title": "No smoking: BBMP fines restaurants", "text": "BANGALORE: A BBMP team inspected many restaurants in Koramangala on Friday and slapped penalties on restaurants which had ignored smoking ban.\"All restaurants and coffee bars, hotels which are considered among the public places must display 'No smoking' signage as per the regulations of The Control of Tobacco Products Act ( COPTA). We found that the restaurants had ignored the rulebook. So penalty was levied,\" said a senior BBMP officer who conducted the inspection.\"Cuppa Cafe was levied a penalty of Rs 50,000. Other eateries were slapped a total of Rs 60,000. Anti-tobacco raids will be held as an ongoing drive once in three days by the District Tobacco Control Cell of Bangalore Urban district, located in BBMP office,\" said the official press release from BBMP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163565", "title": "Now, BJP backs Arvind Kejriwal over black money stir", "text": "NEW DELHI: After having rejected activist-politician Arvind Kejriwal's allegations against party chief Nitin Gadkari and alleging that he was targeting the BJP only to balance his offensive against the government, the saffron party on Friday joined forces with the activist over his allegations of money laundering against big corporates and the government's alleged efforts to protect them.Soon after Kejriwal's latest expose, BJP stressed that the party was the first to raise the issue of black money stashed away abroad by Indians and recalled its demand for revealing all 700 names of account holders that are with the government. It repeated its demand for disclosure of names of all those having accounts in foreign banks amid indications that it might raise the issue in Parliament when the two Houses sit for the winter session later this month.The opposition party claimed it had been raising the issue of black money since the 2009 general elections when its prime ministerial candidate L K Advani had demanded that names of all individuals and entities who had stashed money abroad illegally should be made public.\"BJP believes it is a very serious issue which the government has to tackle. When Advani had raised it, Congress had mocked and laughed at it. Having won the elections and gauging the mood of the people, the UPA government said in 2009 that it will act on this within 100 days. But nothing has moved since,\" party spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said.She insisted that this was expected from Congress which \"fails\" to keep its promise. Recalling the sequence of events, BJP claimed that initially, 22 names were revealed by Liechtenstein but the government did not make the data public.Sitharaman said the then finance minister Pranab Mukherjee had announced some measures on the issue in Parliament. This included formation of a committee to look into the matter but till today, the government has not shared any details on the progress.\"Government should tell what has been done by the committee. It should now make public all 700 names of account holders given to the government by the French government. You cannot pick and choose some names,\" Sitharaman said.BJP claimed the government hid behind excuses like double taxation and pressure created by PILs in courts and smaller countries acting on similar information made available to them about their citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163410", "title": "Burn injury cases continue to rise", "text": "NEW DELHI: Every year, the festival of lights sends scores of burn injury patients to super-specialty hospitals. At Safdarjung hospital alone, approximately 200 cases of firecracker injuries were reported last year. What's worse is that despite regulations and court orders, the number of such injuries has gone up. With Diwali round the corner, experts say the ban on the bursting of sound-emitting firecrackers between 10pm and 6am must be implemented with an iron hand.Between 2002 and 2010, Safdarjung hospital, which runs Asia's largest burn unit, received 1,373 patients with firecracker injuries during days of Diwali festivities. Doctors say the number surged to 253 in 2010 from 111 in 2002. About 80% of the burn victims were male, mostly aged between five and 30. \"As many as 64% of the patients said they received the injures from anars, 13% from bombs and 9% from chakris. In about 8% cases, rockets did the damage and the remaining 3% blamed it on pencils and candles,\" states a report on firecracker injuries during Diwali published by the hospitalin a recent edition of Indian Journal of Plastic Surgery.A senior doctor at the hospital said, \"In 2005, the Supreme Court had ordered a blanket ban on the bursting of sound-emitting firecrackers between 10pm and 6am. The hospital data shows that there is no impact of the legislation on the incidence of firecracker related burn injuries. In fact, cases are progressively increasing despite multiple amendments of the legislation since 2005 and the high court's advice on the issue in 2009.\" At least two women who sustained 80-90% burns succumbed to their injuries at the hospital last year.Burn injuries are most common on the hands and the face, said Dr Mahesh Mangal, chairman, plastic surgery at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital. \"People often try to burn crackers in their hands. They also try to relight crackers which have not burst, a practice which leads to accidents. One needs to be very careful with firecrackers,\" he said.Officials at Ram Manohar Lohia (RML) hospital, said they received about 40 burn cases during Diwali last year. Even Lok Nayak hospital witnessed such cases.Sounding a note of caution, doctors advise people to avoid firecrackers. \"Those who cannot resist, should chose an open space like a playground or a terrace to burn crackers so that the elderly, kids and asthmatics do not suffer. The noise pollution pollution can also be discomforting for others,\" said Dr Monica Mahajan, senior consultant, medicine at Max hospital, Saket. She said flying fireworks \u00e2\u20ac\u201d rockets, missiles \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are a better option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17163097", "title": "Four people injured after a clash over boundary wall", "text": "JAIPUR: At least four people were injured and some cops were manhandled following a clash between two neighbours over a disputed construction in Jagarputa area on Friday. The police have rounded up some people from both sides.According to the police, the clash took place between the families of Tarachand Sharma, a property dealer and his neighbour Manmohan Sharma who runs a grocery shop.\"One of the families was constructing a boundary wall which was being objected by the other family. They clashed in morning and it turned violent soon. A constable, Radhelal Dube who had gone to the spot was also manhandled,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17164794", "title": "Muslim woman attacked for travelling with Hindu man in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: In a fresh vigilante group attack, a Muslim woman was assaulted at Karmar in Bajpe, near here, allegedly by a fringe mob.Deeba Algani, 23, was attacked because she was travelling in a car with a person from another community. Her mother, Zubeida, is an independent member of the Padubidri gram panchayat. Deeba, who was admitted to Government Wenlock Hospital here, told TOI she was beaten up by a mob of 20 persons on Wednesday night.\"The mob waylaid our car, pushed us out and assaulted us. They asked me why I was travelling with a Hindu. I heard the miscreants talking over phone in the Beary language and referring to KFD (Karnataka Forum for Dignity). I can identify those who assaulted us,\" she added.Her mother, Zubeida alleged that the group snatched her cellphone and robbed her of Rs 3.07 lakh. \"I had taken a house on lease at Bajpe from realtor Dharma a week ago. I had given my daughter Rs 3 lakh to pay Dharma. Deeba had another Rs 7,000 in her purse,\" she said.\"We were in Mangalore city to purchase home appliances for our new house. Since there were a lot of appliances in my car, I asked Deeba to return with Dharma in his car. Both cars started together, but our car moved ahead. Miscreants waylaid their car and attacked them,\" Zubeida said.Zubeida was elected to the gram panchayat with BJP's support. Dharma was admitted to a private hospital in the city. Bajpe police have registered a case.Popular Front of India (PFI) denied any role in the incident. Its district secretary Abdul Majeed said: \"The issue has been brought to our notice. We're inquiring into it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17164306", "title": "Four held for creating ruckus", "text": "GURGAON: Four people, who are studying M. Tech, were arrested for creating a ruckus on MG Road late on Thursday night. They were produced in the duty magistrate's court on Friday and granted bail.\"The accused are identified as Sumit Patwa, a resident of Bahadurgarh; Ravindra, a resident of Rohtak; Ankit Chahar, a resident of Arya Nagar, Jhajjar; and Aakash, a resident of Mahendergarh district,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17162879", "title": "HC stays special film review panels", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice KC Bhanu of high court on Friday stayed the constitution of two official screening committees which were to have looked into the allegations of objectionable content in two Telugu films - 'Women in Brahmanism' and 'Denikaina Ready'. The judge was responding to two petitions moved by the makers of these films contending that it was beyond the purview of the state government to interfere in the screening of films once they had been cleared by the censor board and its revising committees. The board and the revising committee are the relevant bodies equipped with experts to deal with films and once they accord permission for the screening of a film, the same cannot be interfered with by the state government, the petitioners contended. The judge stayed the GO appointing these committees and directed authorities to file their replies.Stay on Parthasarathi's conviction: Justice Raja Elango of high court on Friday stayed the conviction and the consequent jail term awarded to secondary education minister K Parthasarathi in a Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (FERA) violation case. The minister and his firm, KPR Plastics, were charged with violating FERA norms in sending out money to a foreign country in 1997 %allegedly to import machinery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163749", "title": "Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Ltd board's nod to hike Starbus fare", "text": "NAGPUR: Ahead of the Diwali festivity, here's a dampener. Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Ltd (NMPL), which oversees the city bus service that transports around 1.60 lakh commuters every day, has allowed the private operator to increase fares. The minimum fare will rise from Re 1 to Rs 2. The hike became inevitable after the diesel prices went up in September.The board of NMPL on Friday ayed a proposal to hike the fares. \"The board has forwarded the proposal to the district collector Saurabh Rao, who is also chairman of the district transport committee, for approval. The new fares will come into effect after the collector's nod,\" mayor and chairman of NMPL Anil Sole told TOI.TOI had recently reported that the operator Vansh Nimay had approached the NMPL to allow it to increase fare. Sole added that bus fares were last increased in January 2011. Since then the fuel price has gone up by Rs 11.77 per litre. Vansh officials contended that the state-run MSRTC had revised fares thrice in the last two years. Sole pointed out that it was clearly mentioned in the agreement that Vansh could revise the fare whenever there is a fuel price hike.The meeting was also attended by municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, additional municipal commissioner Hemant Kumar Pawar, and assistant municipal commissioner Mahesh Moroney and other officials.The board discussed many important issues about city bus service including payment of royalty to the NMC, shifting of parking from North Ambazari road and the place behind Vidhan Bhavan, in view of winter session of state legislature scheduled from December 10. They will be provided with alternative places to park buses, said Sole. The NMC also replaced Moroney with additional municipal commissioner Hemant Pawar as ED of NMPL.The members expressed concern over non-payment of royalty to NMC. At present, the outstanding is around Rs 1.14 crore and mayor has directed the municipal commissioner to find a way to recover the dues within a week.Sole also expressed concern over NMPL failing to form City Mobility Committee, which is supposed to entertain passengers' complaints. In fact, the committee members headed by municipal commissioner Wardhane as a chairman, should meet once a month. The commissioner assured to form the committee after Diwali.Though the board members expressed satisfaction over the city bus service, Sole advised them to finalize the scrapping of 60 defunct buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17164922", "title": "15 accused in illegal granite mining get bail", "text": "MADURAI: Fifteen accused, arrested in the illegal granite mining case in the district, were granted bail by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, on Friday.Police have claimed that they have cracked down on illegal mining activities involving several thousands of crores of rupees, in the recent past. Nearly 20 FIRs were registered against eight granite companies including PRP Granites, Madura Granites, Sindu Granites etc and more than 50 people arrested in this regard.Among them 15 accused, viz. Tamil Nadu Minerals Limited employee E K Srinivasan, Melur Therku Theru panchayat union president P Saravanan, P Sanmugam, Selvakumar, K Sokkalingam, N Ragu, S Velu, V Chokkalingam, M Devendran, S Veeriah, M Marimuthu, C Panneer Mohamed, Prabu, Thalapathi and Premanand, filed bail petitions before the Madurai bench.These petitions came up for hearing before Justice C T Selvam on Friday. They were granted bail but were directed to appear before the concerned police station and put their signatures until further orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167571", "title": "Pranita teams up with Prajwal", "text": "Prajwal Devaraj surely seems to be on a roll this year, with the best of the heroines in the industry teaming up with him. After Ramya, Kriti Kharbanda and Radhika Pandit, he's next going to be pairing up with Pranita Subhash in 'Angarakha'. Confirming the news, Pranita, who's currently on a work-cum leisure trip to the United States , says, \"Yes, I've signed this film. The script impressed me, which is why I said yes to the film instantly. The film is a complete entertainer with romance, action and comedy and I've a good role. The team wanted to begin shooting for the film this month, but since I'm travelling, they've obliged to wait for my dates till December.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17165501", "title": "Hope for dope: Alcoholics face a greater risk than marijuana users, doctors insist", "text": "NEW DELHI: The medical fraternity here is viewing Colorado and Washington's decision to legalise recreational marijuana with interest. Doctors dealing with deaddiction say cases of marijuana addiction are rare, if not nonexistent , but feel its use might become a \"gateway\" for harder drugs like smack, heroin and cocaine, which really create the drugs problem among people.Dr R C Jiloha, director and head of psychiatry at G B Pant Hospital and in-charge of de-addiction says: \"Very few patients come to us for marijuana de-addiction . The drug is less addictive compared to heroine, crack cocaine or even alcohol. It doesn't cause bodyache, abdominal pain and other physical symptoms. Overuse of marijuana - like excessive drinking - may lead to some disorders.\" Occasional use does not have any long-term effect. \"The adverse health effects of marijuana are limited and much less as compared to crack cocaine or heroin. Nevertheless, as a doctor I cannot say it should be legalized as it is a type of addiction,\" said Dr Sudhir Gupta, associate professor, forensic medicine at AIIMS.Psychiatrist &amp; psychotherapist, Max Hospital, Saket, Dr Sameer Malhotra says marijuana use in Delhi is mostly among adults. \"Despite the ban, marijuana is a common drug,. easily available in the black market. It doesn't have any serious health risks but legalizing it may not be a good idea as it could be the gateway for other substance abuse.\"Another doctor added: \"Those addicted to alcohol face a greater risk than marijuana users.\"A decade after NDPS Act came into force, AIIMS called for a repeal of the cannabis ban saying the plant was used in the Indian system of medicine and that its stigmatization was impeding research. A 1997 AIIMS publication quoted Lancet saying: \"The smoking of cannabis, even long term, isn't harmful.\" The current churn in the US, the country that forced India to ban cannabis, provides an opportunity to make NDPS more liberal.Also read: The joint campaign: Should we not legalize recreational use of Cannabis? Mankind and grass go back 5,000 years Recreational use of marijuana: Always a way of life in our country Recreational use of marijuana: Of highs and laws", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17162901", "title": "HC orders probe into alleged seed scam", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan high court has taken note of a petition alleging a multi-crore scam in seed production and distribution to poor farmers by state-run agencies during the rabi season of 2010-11.The court has directed additional advocate general R P Singh to immediately probe the matter.The PIL filed by one Deepak Kumar alleged officials of misappropriation of huge amounts of money by showing fake production of seeds by farmers who were not aware of the government scheme. The farmers, under the scheme, are asked by the government to cultivate seeds against which they are paid.\"During investigation it was found that cheques of huge amount were issued in the name of dead persons,\" alleged Basant Chabaa, petitioner's counsel.Under the scheme, the seeds grown are then distributed to poor farmers at a subsidized rate as set by the Central and state governments.These seeds reportedly never reached the farmers and the subsidy amount was also embezzled by the officials.\"The charges levelled are based on a departmental inquiry report conducted by joint director (agriculture). It was conducted under the orders of principal secretary (agriculture) who is also the chairman of Rajasthan State Seeds &amp; Organic Production Certification Agency after he received a complaint on misappropriation of government money.\"The seed production and distribution programme in the state is run through State Farms Corporation of India (SFCI) which is a government-owned body. A huge scam is being run in the name of production, storage and distribution of rabi, kharif crop seeds, fibre crops and vegetables,\" alleged the counsel.To this, the court ordered: \"We direct additional advocate general RP Singh to immediately look in to the issue. We have serious concerns about the issue raised in the PIL. It's a serious matter that farmers are being duped by a state-run agency. Let it be ensured that the poor farmers get their due and are not cheated. Let a response be filed to the petition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17164361", "title": "Husband poisons wife as she could not concieve", "text": "INDORE: A man, who married thrice in want of a child, tried killing his third wife once he realized that she could not conceive. Quoting the woman, police said that her husband had poisoned her meal. The incident occurred on Thursday night in Banganga area.After receiving information, police took the woman to hospital, where she is recuperating. The victim Anita Yadav, 35, is the third wife of Madan Yadav. They are the resident of Prince Nagar in Bangana, said police. Madan has been absconding after the incident.Neighbours informed police about a tiff between the couple in the evening. The couple used to fight continuously as they are issueless.However, police are also looking into the angle whether the woman is attempting to stop her husband from marrying another woman.ASI Dilip Khande said, \"Madan was in a relationship with another woman and wanted to marry her. Anita opposed it vehemently. Since this was the immediate reason of dispute between them, it is possible that the woman may have tried to implicate her husband as she was disturb due to continuous physical harassment at her husbands hands, who is still at large.According to police, this was Madan's third marriage. Earlier, he had left his two wives because they could not give birth to a child. He married Anita for whom this was her second marriage. She has two daughters from her previous marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17165160", "title": "Calorie conscious go for sugar-free sweets", "text": "LUDHIANA: Completely avoiding sweets during the festive season is not possible when you live in Ludhiana. With an extended Diwali weekend round the corner, sale of sugar-free sweets has registered a hike, as people turn calorie conscious.Staying away from delicious varieties of sweets becomes difficult during festivals like Diwali, says Manjeet Kaur, 45, a homemaker from Model Town. \"The normal sweets have high calories, so sugar-free sweets are a suitable alternative for people who want to control their calorie intake. I can't just deny myself 'kalakand' as it is my favourite,\" she adds.\"We work so hard to get rid of the flab as a bulky body welcomes diseases of heart and liver. Apart from opting for sugar-free sweets, I make it a point to burn my calories with physical work,\" says 35-year-old businessman Virender Singh Gambhir of Dugri.Indulging in sweets is nothing but inviting extra weight on your body according to Akshita Sharma, a commerce student from Civil Lines. \"And no body wants to put on weight, but only lose some. Sugar-free sweets are an apt alternative but one should avoid excess of these too,\" she adds.The sweet shops are reaping the benefits of the choice in the demand by offering sugar-free sweets as well along with the sugar-rich ones.Owner of Lyallpur Sweets in Model Town Kapil Kharbanda says, \"We make sugar-free 'kalakand', 'patisa', 'anjeer', 'burfi' among other sweets. We sell 15-20kg of sugar-free 'kalakand' and 'patisa' in a day and about 10kg of 'anjeer' and 'khajoor dhamaka' per day during the festive season.\" He says the number of people going for sugar-free sweets is more than last year and adds, \"The prices of simple and sugar-free sweets differ by around Rs 70-80 per kg.Rajan Vig, who owns Dhodha Sweet in Ghumar Mandi, says considering the shelf life of 48 hours of sugar-free sweets, they make these on prior booking. \"We get orders for about 4-5 kg of sugar-free sweets per day during festivals. 'Dhodha', 'barfi', 'ras malai' and 'kalakand' are preferred sugar-free sweets this Diwali,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17163320", "title": "Finish BRTS corridor in 6 months: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the high court while disposing of a PIL concerning heavy vehicular traffic at B-2 bypass on Friday directed the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) to complete the BRTS corridor and open it to public in the next six months.The bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain-senior further directed JDA to complete the outer ring road project in the next two years to ease heavy vehicular traffic movement from B-2 bypass. The bench directed that the disputes regarding taking over of the possession of land acquired for ring road project should be expedited and completed within three months.Further, the bench directed JDA that the six-lane work of widening B-2 bypass with service road from Dwarkadas Marg to New Sanganer should also be competed within six months. R P Singh, additional advocate general, said a sum of Rs 35.6 crore has been allotted for this road widening work.The bench also directed plantation of trees five times the existing ones along the road side of the bypass and that these should be taken care of by the horticulture department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17165043", "title": "Campaign to save Gangetic dolphins", "text": "KANPUR: Panchdev Yamuna Nadi Mitra Society has initiated Wildlife awareness campaign for people in villages located within the catchment areas of Yamuna.The campaign at present is underway at Hanuman temple, fairs, besides ghats along the banks of Yamuna, where devotees throng in large numbers for a holy dip.\"Keeping in mind the upcoming festivals, fairs and holy bathing, we would garner support for protection of Gangetic dolphins and other endangered aquatic animals, including gharial and turtle,\" said Sitaram Taigor of PEACE Institute Charitable Trust Delhi.Panchdev Yamuna Nadi Mitra Society, is running eco-club activities in Yamuna, revival techniques and development programme of the PEACE Institute Charitable Trust, Delhi.The PEACE Institute Charitable Trust (PICT) has been extensively carrying out restoration programme to conserve Yamuna.\"On Friday, we organised a dolphin conservation exhibition at Bateshwarnath temple situated on the banks of the holy river in Agra. It attracts a major crowd during the annual cattle fair, which is almost four centuries old and the biggest and the most spectacular fairs of north India. \"We organised dolphin conservation exhibition. The activities at the cattle fair also include plantation, developing polythene-free zones, promotion of natural farming, eco-sanitation, river health, village health monitoring and proper management of solid waste,\" said Taigor.On October 30, an exhibition was organised at Shri Falgun Giri Temple in Kishanpur Town of Vijayapur block in Fatehpur district.\"Shri Falgun Giri is a famous God of Yamuna river catchment area in Fatehpur. Every year during Kartik month (October-November), a traditional fair is organise in Kishanpur. Religious exhibitions, `Ramlila', `Kavi sammelan', are also held. People living in nearby districts such as Varanasi, Lucknow, Kanpur, Kaushambi and Allahabad come to seek blessings of God Shri Falgun Giri. Panchdev Yamuna Nadi Mitra Society, in co-ordination with local `Hanuman-Gadhi' group organised a dolphin conservation exhibition in the 'chowki' for the first time,\" informed Devendra Singh, member of the society.Dolphin conservation message was also given through loudspeakers such as 'poaching is prohibited under Wildlife Protection Act 1972', 'dolphin is a national aquatic animal', 'it is critically endangered', 'it is not a fish' and others.For the promotion of solar energy in rural pockets, solar torches were also put on display in the `chowki' and eco-friendly products were used to organise the exhibition.Majority of the population in the catchment area of Yamuna carries out farming, besides other major source of livelihood is animal husbandry. These people depend on the forest cover for fuel and for the purpose of grazing the cattle, putting immense pressure on the green-belt.Through the medium of painting, singing and drama, environmental education has been imparted to children who joined hands to save the future of world's natural treasures,\" said Jayant Singh, another member of Panchdev Yamuna Nadi Mitra Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17164109", "title": "All 906 police stations will be networked", "text": "BANGALORE: Police will soon have a new weapon in their armoury to fight crime - a Wide Area Network. All 906 police stations in the state will be linked via internet, facilitating speedy exchange of information.ADGP (state computer wing) Praveen Sood said: \"This will help us send SMS alerts to complainants and others who interact with police.\"DG-IGP Lal Rokhuma Pachau, whose appointment was regularized recently, said state police were doing their best given the constraints. \"Be it co-operative official Mahantesh's murder case or the rape case against French national Pascal Mazurier, we've done our best,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17162484", "title": "Congress for state financial package for mining-affected", "text": "PANAJI: If Goa is doing well and the state has registered a 3% growth despite a ban on mining, as chief minister Manohar Parrikar has claimed, the government should come out with a financial package for the rehabilitation of the mining affected people instead of demanding financial assistance form the union government, Congress spokesman Sudeep Tamankar said.Speaking to reporters at Congress house, Parrikar's statement may even go against the mining affected people in the Supreme Court, which is hearing a petition related to restarting mining activity.The chief minister, he said, \"must stop fooling the people\" adding that if the financial situation is so good and mining has not affected the economy , then he and his party should stop demanding rehabilitation package from the central government. Besides taking huge loans, the government has also taken loans from government-run corporations like EDC, to run the affairs of education development corporation and the Goa state infrastructure development corporation. Tamankar, in the presence of Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, said that the mining crisis in Goa has occurred only because of the chief minister's attitude and his confrontationist approach with the Centre.The Congress also condemned the government decision not to allow any morchas or dharnas during Iffi in Panaji. \"This is a highly undemocratic decision\", Tamankar said, claiming that Parrikar when he was opposition leader had organized protests during Iffi in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17165093", "title": "DIG reviews law and order", "text": "VARANASI: The DIG A Satish Ganesh held a meeting of the superintendents of police of all 11 districts of Varanasi range to review the law and order situation on Friday.The police officials were asked to cut the economic pipelines of the mafia, and book criminals involved in heinous crimes during the last two months under Gangster Act and NSA. Besides, they were asked to gather intelligence regarding criminals operating from within jails, as well to take stern action against elements engaged in disturbing communal harmony.In view of the forthcoming Diwali and Muharram, the DIG asked the policemen to constitute peace committees of responsible citizens in all police station areas.KV holds youth parliament: The 25th National Youth Parliament competition 2012-2013 was inaugurated at Kendriya Vidyalaya 39 GTC, Cantonment on Friday. The zonal level competition will be held over two days.As many as four teams from Varanasi, Lucknow, Dehradun and Patna participated in the competition. The emerging and burning issues of the nation were debated over and discussed in the parliament. Chandana Mohanty, deputy commissioner (Academics) Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangthan (KVS), Brigadier Akhil Dixit, PV Sai Ranagarao, deputy commissioner, KVS were present on the occasion.Felicitation: Akhil Bhartiya Vidvat Parishad is organising a felicitation ceremony for experts of various fields on November 18 in Sankat Mochan temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ponda/margao", "code": "17162510", "title": "Mining bypass irks Panchwadi folk", "text": "PONDA/MARGAO: Claiming that the proposed route of mining corridor in Panchwadi affects several houses, farms and lake, several locals from Digas-Panchwadi in Ponda on Friday opposed the land acquisition.A large number of residents from Panchwadi met with the land acquisition officer and Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC) officials who were conducting an inspection of the proposed alignment of the mining bypass road, and submitted their objections.Claiming that the present alignment will destroy the settlements of hundreds of families living in wards of Digas,Sodeawado and Mharahgal (Panchwadi), the villagers suggested alternative alignments that are much shorter than the present alignment to the officials.\"In the submission made to the land acquisition officer, we have also pointed out various other issues concerning the mining bypass road, including the recent revelation regarding illegal mining and its implications to this large project costing the government hundreds of crores,\" said advocate Kalpita Naik and Peter D'Costa.\"The villagers have also asked for their only drinking water source, the Moissal Dam, to be saved by re-routing the bypass road in its vicinity, which is presently planned to pass along its edge on a steeply sloping forested hill,\" said aggrieved resident Seby Fernandes.The government officials gave the villagers a patient hearing and promised to submit their reservations to their higher ups who would decide on the future course of action.Ponda deputy collector and sub-divisional officer (SDO) Johnson Fernandes said that he had asked the special land acquisition officer of the water resources department Florina Colaco to hear the grievances of the locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17163008", "title": "Special e-registry of diabetes patients from next year", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has decided to prepare a special online registry of diabetic patients in the city. Diabetes-related ailments claim about 1 million lives in the country every year, and experts say a better understanding of the prevalence would help design policies to curb it.The online registry will have all details of the patient like his history, diagnosis, name, age and the doctor who treated him. Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar said, \"There is a need to keep track of diabetic patients in the city to facilitate their treatment. The online registry will have a database, including every detail of patient's disease history as well as medication. This will help both the patient and doctors for further treatment.\"The diabetes online registry will start from 2013. Special software will be developed for this, she added. The BMC, in co-ordination with the NGO Heal Foundation, will also make a film on the preventive aspects of diabetes. On Friday, the International Diabetes Federation announced that India will be its focus on prevention of diabetes. More importantly, childhood and adolescent obesity caused by Type-II diabetes will remain the focus this year. The Diabetic Association of India has started working with 10 city schools to sensitise them about better eating habits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17168116", "title": "Rahul Dewan strikes ton but Haryana reduced to 256/7 at lunch", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Opener Rahul Dewan completed a patient hundred but found little support from the rest of the Haryana line-up as the team crawled to 256 for seven in their first innings against England XI at lunch on the third day of their practice match on Saturday.Responding to the visitors' first innings total of 521, Haryana were done in by a middle-order collapse despite the strong start they made on Friday.At the break, Rahul was unbeaten on 112 with Amit Vashisht (8) giving him company at the other end.Resuming at overnight 172 for four, the fall of wickets started pretty early for Haryana as Sandeep Singh departed after a 35-ball five, including a four.Amit Mishra (17) and Jayant Yadav (17) provided brief company to Rahul before falling to Stuart Meaker, who is in the team as cover for the injured Steven Finn .The regular fall of wickets, however, did little to affect Rahul's morale as he held one end. The opener has so far faced 267 deliveries in his 250-minute stay and has struck 14 boundaries.For England, pacers Tim Bresnan and Meaker did most of the damage by sharing five wickets between them -- three of them going in the former's kitty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "17164941", "title": "Minor dalit girl raped in Hisar home", "text": "HISAR: A minor dalit girl was gangraped by two upper caste and two dalit youths while she was alone at home in Hisar on November 3. However, the 16-year-old girl could muster the courage to tell her parents about the incident only on Saturday. Police have registered a case against four persons.The accused were booked for gangrape and under various sections of IPC. Police have rounded up three of them. The accused have been identified as Kuldeep and Deepu, who belong to jat community. The other two are Pawan and Vijay, who belong to the dalit community.As per information, the victim, who is a student of Class IX in government high school of the same village, returned home from her classes on Saturday.In her complaint to the police, she said, \"The accused entered her home when my father and brother were out in the fields. They forcibly tied me down and raped me. When I tried to resist, they assaulted me and threatened to kill my family if I revealed anything.\"The accused took turns to rape the girl and fled from the spot. The victim revealed the incident to her father on Saturday. They approached the SP Hisar, who ordered the SHO sadar to book the accused.\"No one has been arrested so far. We have formed teams and will nab the culprits soon. The girl will be medically examined. A case has been registered against four. We are investigating the matter,\" said sub-inspector Raghuveer Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164745", "title": "Vedanthangal sanctuary opens on Sunday", "text": "CHENNAI: The state forest department will open the bird sanctuaries at Vedanthangal and Karikili to visitors from Sunday, signifying the start of the migratory season.Most water bodies, including the lake that feeds Vedanthangal, are full to the brim, so the forest department has decided to open the sanctuaries. Close to 20,000 migratory birds have arrived and started building nests.Most of the migratory birds come from Siberia, Russia, South-east Asia, Pakistan and northern Europe. Little cormorants, night herons, grey herons, spoonbills, egrets, white Ibis, common teals, shoveller ducks, moorhens, darters, open-billed storks, wagtails, and common sandpiper have arrived.\"With abundant water and mild weather, migratory birds have been arriving in large numbers for a week. So, we decided to open these sanctuaries to visitors,\" said a forest department official.More amenities for tourists, including additional toilets, water taps, seating arrangements and concrete pathways, are being created at Vedanthangal. Apart from the two existing watchtowers, two small watchtowers are being built for visitors.The forest department has 11 pairs of binoculars that visitors can borrow. A large number of Barringtonia saplings have been planted in the sanctuary and finger fishes have been dropped as feed for the birds. Most of the migratory birds also feed in the adjoining paddy fields.Spread over 73 acres, the Vedanthangal sanctuary is the oldest water bird sanctuary in the country and is home to more than 40,000 birds. At least 26 migratory species come to the sanctuary between November and March every year. The lake was declared a bird sanctuary under the Wildlife (Protection) Act 1972. Karikili sanctuary is located about 9km from Vedanthangal and is home to many kinds of ducks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17164329", "title": "Identity cards to be made mandatory for auto drivers", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city police, with the help of regional transport office and district road safety committee, is in the process of making identity cards mandatory for the autorickshaw drivers operating in the city. It is following requests put forth by various trade unions in the city to ensure that only licensed autos are operating in the city limit, such a move is initiated.Various auto drivers' unions including Kozhikode Jilla Motor Engineering Workers Union-CITU and Kozhikode district Auto drivers Association-INTUC had demanded the authorities to take measures to issue ID cards in the wake of complaints against auto drivers in the city, who were earlier known for their passenger-friendly approach, started pouring in.\"The ID card will be issued to licensed drivers in the city through the Akshaya centres. We have asked the representatives of various trade unions to take steps to apply for the ID cards,\" said district police chief, G Sparjankumar, who is the vice chairman of autorickshaw services coordination committee constituted for the implementation of the identity cards.Introduction of identity card has been one of the long pending demands of the auto drivers operating in the city. The authorities are planning to issue ID cards to around 8,000 auto drivers. The ID card will have details such as name, address, blood group, mobile number and photo of the driver. But it will not carry the name of the trade union.\"With the introduction of ID cards we will be able to put an end to instances of some auto drivers engaging in criminal activities during the late hours,\" said Regional transport officer Rajeev Puthalath.When contacted, district collector K V Mohankumar who is also the chairman of the autorickshaw services coordination committee, said that the progress of the ID card issuing process would be reviewed in the next meeting of the district road safety committee to be held on November 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17164357", "title": "Swiss dismiss Kejriwal's charges as speculative", "text": "LONDON: Swiss finance ministry spokesman Roland Meier on Friday dismissed Arvind Kejriwal charges regarding illegal bank accounts held by Indians in Switzerland as \"purely speculative\".He said they cannot furnish details of the bank accounts without New Delhi asking for it.The request can be made if a particular account holder is suspected of being involved in any illegality.A former HSBC employee is said to have handed over details of the alleged bank accounts to the French government, which reportedly gave it to New Delhi.Having a bank account in Switzerland is not a crime for an Indian since the 1991 economic reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163406", "title": "Brothers thrashed in parking dispute", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city witnessed one more incident of serious violence sparked by no good reason when two brothers who are engineers in a multinational company were allegedly assaulted by their neighbour and his associates in Jamia Nagar over a parking disagreement.Khan Babar Sayeed (31) and Khan Moid Hasan (30) were taken to AIIMS Trauma Centre for medical treatment. A case under the Arms Act for causing hurt has been registered against the main accused Naim.It was about 11.30pm on Thursday night that a man called Naim drove into the lane where his house is located and spotted the brothers' car. He allegedly reversed his own car and hit their car on purpose. This was witnessed by Moid who was at a nearby shop. Naim allegedly tried to drive off after denting the car.Moid told police he stopped Naim and an argument ensued. Moid then called up his brother who arrived to settle the dispute but they ended up having a scuffle.Naim who, police claimed, has a criminal record, allegedly called up his associates and began to thrash the victims. They even fired two rounds of bullets in the air. One of the bullets allegedly narrowly missed one of the two.Passersby and residents then intervened. They hid the pair in one of the houses in the locality and called the police. The victims' statements were recorded following a medical examination. Two empty cartridges were recovered from the spot.Moid told police they had arguments with Naim earlier when he had told them not to park their car at the spot as it allegedly blocked the way to his house. The brothers had told him to inform them whenever he passed and wanted the car moved.A manhunt has been launched to nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17163797", "title": "MSEDCL suspends staffer over theft", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) on Friday suspended an assistant engineer (AE), Parag Uke, in a power theft case by a power user considered a high tension-consumer, in Sinnar .MSEDCL's superintending engineer Kishor Pardeshi said that the company had suspended sub-divisional officer Uke for negligence in power readingfor a commercial consumer, Bhagwati Ferro, in Sinnar. The latter has been accused of power theft. A case has been registered against the Sinnar-based company, while its management - Amit Burakia, Mahendra Agarwal, who are the the owners- foreman Pratap Shankaran and manager Dinesh Sharma, have been booked for power theft in a case registered under section 135 of the Electricity Act of 2003.According to the police, MSEDCL officials raided Bhagwati Ferro after having received information that the meter of the company had been tampered with, which was reflected in their electricity bills generated during the past several months.While the offence is non-bailable, the accused have not been arrested as they have secured anticipatory bail from the Nashik sessions court.Meanwhile, the Bahujan Vidyut Abhiyanta Adhikari Karmachari Forum, raised the issue with seniors officials at the MSEDCL office demanding that the action be withdrawn against Uke and be taken against the executive engineer instead.\"The responsibility of taking the readings of high tension consumers lies with the executive engineer (EE). Generally in rural areas, while the theAE takes readings throughout the state, if there were irregularities and if recordswere available with the officials to show the discrepancies, then why was the EE spared from the action? We have demanded the action be withdrawn against the assistane engineer,\" said M B Ahire, joint secretary of the union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163137", "title": "Councillor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death: Husband arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Satyam Yadav, first-time Congress councillor from Nangloi East, was found dead along with her one-and-a-half-year-old daughter, her husband Pawan Yadav (28), an MCD school teacher, has been arrested for dowry harassment. The arrest took place on Thursday night after Pawan's statements were found to be contradictory.\"We have arrested the accused on three charges \u00e2\u20ac\u201d dowry harassment, subjecting a woman to cruelty and breach of trust \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on the basis of statements recorded by the SDM,\" ACP(west) V Renganathan said.Police have not ruled out the possibility of more arrests. They will start questioning Satyam's father-in-law, block Congress Leader Lalaram Yadav, and his wife Satyavati in the next couple of days. The accused has been remanded in judicial custody.Police said Pawan had, in fact, not slept in his mother's room on the first floor of their house though he claimed he had done so as she had allegedly been unwell.\"Satyam's brother Prashant had been hosting a function at their residence in Bulandshahr to name his son. He sent their other brother Nishant to fetch Satyam. However, the Yadavs said they would not let Satyam attend her nephew's naming ceremony. For a reason, they cited Prashant's alleged reluctance to maintain a cordial relationship with the family. Nishant returned without Satyam on November 6. On the night of November 7, there was an argument between the couple on this issue. The next day which was her birthday, Pawan decided to hang herself,\" said an investigating officer.Pawan was arrested late on Thursday night under Section 304B of the Indian Penal Code. He was presented in a Delhi court which sent him to judicial custody for 14 days. Satyam (26) was found hanging in her home around 7.30 am Thursday. Satyam, a native of Bulandshahr in Uttar Pradesh, had moved to Delhi in 2010 following her marriage to Pawan.Satyam's family registered a complaint against her in-laws alleging she had been murdered for dowry. \"They had been demanding Rs 10 lakh as dowry. We went to Delhi to bring her back to Bulandshahr. They refused to let her come with us and said they will not leave her until their demands had been fulfilled,\" Nishant said. Pawan rubbished the dowry allegations and told investigators that his wife had been upset over a family matter. Satyam's family believes she was murdered and do not think she committed suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17165100", "title": "For Diwali fire department ill-prepared", "text": "LUDHIANA: Severely lacking in preparedness to deal with any fire hazard during Diwali celebrations, the fire department is not just ill-equipped, but is also grossly understaffed.A former officer has revealed that in 1981, there were 170 firefighters available here. However, this count has fallen to 65 firefighters, though the population has increased to over 40 lakh people. Areas in the periphery like Raikot, Jagraon, Mullanpur, Macchiwara and Ladhowal are under purview of the city fire department, thus making the situation more critical.Lackadaisical attitude of municipal corporation can be gauged from the fact that 65 recruitments were to be made after clearance from the selection committee in 2010. But, the list of shortlisted names has been delayed ever since, and not one new firefighter has joined service. While city keeps advancing with more and more malls and high-rise buildings that carry updated infrastructure, the fire department has seen no change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17168153", "title": "Santhanam denies Vadivelu early comeback", "text": "Actor Arjun's daughter Aishwarya is all set to make her acting debut. She will play the leading lady in 'Pattathu Yaanai', a film to be directed by Boopathy Pandian with Vishal in the lead.It's been quite a while 'Vaigai Puyal' Vadivelu was seen in the big screens and he is planning a comeback. Earlier it was said that he has been roped in for Boopathy Pandian's Pattathu Yaanai . But now it seems that the role has gone to Santhanam.It is speculated that the change happened as the production has been taken up by Michael Rayappan, who is now with the ruling party. Apparently Vadivelu had taken a break from movies after his unsuccessful election campaign supporting the non ruling party. Perhaps this is a revenge of sorts for the comedy actor.The film stars Vishal and Aishwarya, daughter of Arjun in the leading roles and the recent news is that Arjun is giving vigorous acting lessons to his daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162998", "title": "Sion hospital shocker: 11 doctors down with TB", "text": "MUMBAI: Eleven resident doctors of Sion Hospital are currently suffering from tuberculosis . And two of them are suffering from the multi-drug resistant strain of the disease.Doctors and paramedical staff are worried as new cases of TB among the caregivers have been coming to light in the last few months. According to sources, apart from the 11 resident doctors, about five senior doctors and eight paramedical staff are also suffering from TB.Even more surprising is the fact that these doctors do not want to be treated in the hospital itself. According to hospital officials, they are undergoing treatment at private hospitals. \"There is still a stigma attached to the disease. Doctors do not want to be tagged as suffering from TB,\" said the source.A doctor from the pulmonary department, who was recently diagnosed with TB, said the living condition of the doctors is one of the reasons for so many people suffering from the disease. Besides, the long working hours, stress, poor ventilation and irregular eating habits have made a number of caregivers susceptible to TB.\"I had high fever for about 20 days before I tested positive,\" said a 28-year-old doctor, who stays in the hostel. \"We stay in very clustered conditions. Four doctors stay in rooms meant for two. In case of junior doctors, 6 to 8 of them live in rooms meant for four. Many even have to live in the wards,\" he added.\"The quality of our canteen food is not as good as other canteens like that of KEM and Nair hospitals. Since we are in close quarters with all types of patients, we need better immunity to fight diseases,\" said a member of Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors.Dean of Sion hospital, Dr Suleiman Merchant said, \"The matter is indeed alarming. We have initiated steps to ensure better facilities for our doctors.\"Sources said the new OPD building of the hospital was designed to be fully air-conditioned. But the building has been functional without ACs. \"We are in talks with the civic department to provide cross-ventilation in the building. The plan was passed two weeks ago and it should be under process soon,\" said Dr Merchant.Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar, said, \"We are in the process of providing more living space for doctors. We will also take measures to ensure that no other doctors contract TB.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17164787", "title": "15 Indian fishermen to be released from Pak jail", "text": "AMRITSAR: Ahead of Diwali, Pakistan will repatriate 15 Indian fishermen at present lodged in Karachi jail, informed Pak's former federal minister for human rights Ansar Burney while talking to TOI on Friday.Burney informed that he had received information from Pakistan's ministry of interior that their government had ordered the release of 15 prisoners on humanitarian grounds.\"All expenses of their return to India will be borne by the Ansar Burney Trust International,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17165019", "title": "100% placement at XLRI", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The summer internship placements (SIP) 2013 at XLRI, which followed preference-based slotted process, ended in record time of four days. This year's SIP saw 73 companies offering 282 jobs to a batch of 240 students.While an investment bank offered the highest domestic stipend for its Mumbai desk, Novartis came up with the highest international stipend for leadership role at its global headquarters in Switzerland . Two-third of the batch got offers with stipend above the Rs 1-lakh mark.\"Our success in summer placement is an affirmation of the high academic standards that we pursue that even during an economic slowdown our students are sought after,\" said Fr E Abraham, director, XLRI. Further, he said cent per cent of the students getting internship offers from major conglomerates is significant.According to a senior faculty at XLRI, the presence of major recruiters like NM Rothschild, Standard Chartered Bank , Citibank, Goldman Sachs , Nomura, Development Bank of Singapore and HSBC is testimony to the fact that the business school has been going from strength to strength in finance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17164391", "title": "No festival of lights for industries", "text": "COIMBATORE: The owners and workers of industrial units affiliated to Tamil Nadu Association of Cottage and Tiny Enterprises (TACT) have decided not to celebrate Diwali this year to protest the severe power cuts in Coimbatore and other districts in the western region. The decision was taken during an executive committee meeting on Friday.Speaking to TOI, J James, president, TACT, said that industries have been severely affected due to the outages and many of them are on the verge of closing their units. \"Such is the situation that they have not been able to pay salaries or bonuses given every year during the festive season to its employees.According to James, many owners of the micro and small industries are borrowing huge loans to run the industries and many are selling their properties to retain their workers. \"Despite agitations and representations submitted to the government, no action has been taken to improve the power situation in the state. Instead, it has become worse,\" he noted.\"It is a black period for industries. Over 4,000 members, who are part of the association, have decided not to celebrate the festival,\" James added.\"Usually, during this time of the year, workers went home happily with their bonuses in hand. However, now they are uncertain about their jobs, while industry owners are unsure as to how long they would be able to run the company,\" he said.Hiring and retaining workers has been extremely difficult. Industry owners are finding it challenging to convince their workers to stick it out with them until the situation improves. However, if the downward slide continues, many would leave the industry, complicating the crisis further. The association has urged all industries to participate in the cause.The government should increase the power cuts in Chennai and it is unfair to have step motherly treatment to other parts of the state, which is taking more than 14 hours of power cut, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17165605", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Rajasthan in command against Mumbai", "text": "JAIPUR: Hrishikesh Kanitkar is turning out to be like good wine. He is getting better with age. The Rajasthan skipper carried on from where he had left against Bengal, scoring a century in their second Ranji Trophy game of the season against Mumbai at KL Saini Stadium on Friday.Opener Vineet Saxena too came good, scoring his 11th Ranji ton. Kanitkar's 119 and Vineet Saxena's unbeaten 114 ensured that the hosts ended the day on a commanding 269 for two.Off-spinner Ankit Chavan trapped Kanitkar leg-before towards the end of the day, ending a 220-run partnership for the second wicket, which made the Mumbai attack look quite mediocre. Mumbai sorely missed the experience of Ajit Agarkar. The veteran medium pacer and the injured regular captain watched helplessly from the sidelines as skipper Rohit Sharma shuffled the bowlers with little effect.After Kshemal Waingankar dismissed Ankit Lamba early, Mumbai toiled hard with little result. If there was any life in the wicket, the Mumbai bowlers couldn't find it. With the BCCI rule of having at least 4mm grass on the track firmly in place, the seamers failed to make it count. Shardul Thakur, Dhawal Kulkarni and Abhishek Nayar did manage to beat Saxena's edge a few times, but Kanitkar stood there like a rock, unmoved and undaunted.The only time the Rajasthan skipper looked vulnerable was in his 90s. He needed a long time to cross that bridge of 10 runs, which finally came with a flick to the boundary. The progress in fact, was quite slow between lunch and tea, with just 74 runs coming in this period.In contrast, Rajasthan went to lunch at 124 for one. He handled the early movement with some aggression and that effectively turned the day in Rajasthan's favour. A pull to mid-off fence had as much authority as the square cut to the boundary, which brought up his 50.Saxena, at the other end, was slow to start with and a little shaky. However, in the later stages of his innings he opened up. Even though Kanitkar's boundaries were mostly grounders, Saxena did go for a few lofted ones, stepping out to the spinners. Among the Mumbai spinners, Chavan, who replaced Iqbal Abdullah for this game, was most effective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17163437", "title": "New marital mantra: Till toothpaste do us part", "text": "CHENNAI: He liked salty toothpaste; she loved the mint flavour. They fought. They got a divorce.When Vidhya and Subramani (names changed), a couple working in the IT industry, approached the court seeking annulment of their marriage, the judge asked them to cite their \"irreconcilable\" differences.Both were quick to spout a list \u00e2\u20ac\u201d they preferred different toothpastes, Subramani disliked Vidhya's sense of dressing, and she frequently refused to cook his favourite dishes.The couple's marital 'turbulence' is not a one-off case. Chennai's family courts are increasingly receiving couples who seek divorce on seemingly silly grounds.\"We recently received a case where the woman sought divorce from her husband, an Indian Foreign Service officer, a week after their marriage, claiming he had duped her by not mentioning the fact that the 'F' stood for foreign and not forest. She wanted to end their marriage as she did not wish to settle abroad,\" said a senior judicial officer. The divorce was granted.According to statistics available with TOI, divorce cases in the city rose 95% in a decade, from 1,946 in 2002 to 2,873 in the first nine months of 2012. This marks an average 10% rise every year.While the number of divorce cases is expected to go up with population and pendency, lawyers and sociologists say the frequency of divorce cases are much higher and the reasons for the spiral are mostly ego wars, mounting career pressure, economic independence and lifestyle changes.Lawyers say spouses feel the marriage is not worth it when they feel they are in a pressure cooker situation both at home and work.\"The reasons why couples are parting ways for petty reasons may be due to lack of space for them to give vent to their frustration at work. This makes them pick on trivial issues which soon escalate and land them in bitter legal wrangles,\" said Adhilkaksmi Logamurthy, a divorce lawyer who has been practising for the last 20 years. \"However, cruelty and abuse still top the list as the most cited reasons for annulment of marriages,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167686", "title": "Love on the sets of Saubhagyavati Bhava?", "text": "Telly heartthrob Harshad Chopra seems to have discovered love. Yes, you heard it right!The actor who currently plays Raghav in Dil Se Di Dua - Saubhagyavati Bhava on Life OK, seems to have found his lady love. Sources inform that Harshad Chopra and his co-star from Saubhagyavati Bhava Sriti Jha have it off and have apparently found love in one another.It's a very common trend for co actors to fall in love considering the long shooting hours and proximity on sets. But it remains to be seen if this relationship will culminate in marriage.When contacted, both Harshad and Sriti remained unavailable for comment!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164379", "title": "Reservation bill won't benefit 'unattractive' rural women: Mulayam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Friday reiterated his opposition to the Women's Reservation Bill in its present form, saying it would only help affluent women as poor and rural women \"are not considered attractive enough\" to reap its benefit.Mulayam made these remarks while addressing a gathering in Barabanki. But he said his party could reconsider its stand on the bill provided a sub-quota is offered to women from backward and minority communities.Women organizations have taken exception to Mulayam's remarks with Lucknow University's former vice-chancellor Roop Rekha Verma terming them as \"ridiculous\".In Delhi, Bharatiya Janata Party spokesperson Nirmala Sitaram said Mulayam must abandon such assumptions and treat women with respect and not as commercial product.Later, Mulayam skirted the issue when asked to clarify his \"sexist\" remarks. \"I have opposed the bill earlier...but if Dalits, Muslims and backward classes are taken care of, we can consider supporting it,\" he said. \"We always feel that men and women should work shoulder to shoulder but women are still suppressed in the society.\"Mulayam had earlier in March 2010 opposed the bill saying, if passed, it would \"provoke young men to whistle\" in parliament.The Congress had earlier ruled out possibilities of any sub-quota. The Union government has proposed 33% reservation for women in Lok Sabha and assemblies, but the parties like SP and RJD have been opposing it even as it was passed in the Rajya Sabha in March 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164741", "title": "3 vehicles go up in flames in one night", "text": "CHENNAI: Three vehicles went up in flames in different parts of the city on Friday morning. The fires did not injure anyone.A Tata Ace mini-truck carrying a load of cardboard sheets suddenly caught fire at Basin Bridge on Friday. Police said the driver, Karthik, had a close shave. He jumped out before flames engulfed the vehicleThe vehicle was gutted and its cargo of cardboard sheets were reduced to ashes before fire tenders reached the spot. Based on a complaint by the owner of the vehicle, police are investigating the cause of fire.The blazing mini- truck brought vehicles to a halt for an hour near the Mint-Moolakadai junction. Police said Abdul Nasar parked his Mahindra minivan in front of his house in Choolaimedu on Thursday night. When he woke up the next morning, he found his vehicle destroyed by a fire.The cause of fire is yet to be ascertained. In a third blaze, a Maruti car was completely burned near Ashok Nagar. Based on his complaint by the car owner, Gowri Shankar, police started an investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17162706", "title": "Temperatures dip under overcast skies", "text": "HYDERABAD: Denizens woke up to a heavily overcast sky on Friday, expecting another bout of incessant rain akin to last week. While the showers didn't come, the cloudy sky that persisted all through the day brought down the maximum temperature by five degrees in the city.The maximum temperature on Friday was recorded as 26.5 degrees Celsius as against Thursday's maximum of 31.6 degrees Celsius. and the meteorological department attributed the sudden change in the weather to an upper air trough.The meteorological department has attributed the sudden change in weather to an upper air trough lying over Karnataka adjoining Telangana and Rayalaseema region. The trough, officials said led to clouding and also brought down the maximum temperature.\"Parts of Telangana also received light rains under the influence of the upper air trough. Light rain may occur in parts of the city also during the next 24 hours,\" said an official.Experts said during November this type of clouding is normal. The meteorological department also predicted that an upper air circulation may develop over south east Bay of Bengal around November 13.\"If it intensifies into a low pressure, it may bring rain in south coastal Andhra Pradesh, Rayalaseema and Telangana region. We are keeping a watch,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17162724", "title": "Visakhapatnam Urban Transport Company Ltd to invite students to design logo", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Visakhapatnam Urban Transport Company Ltd ( VUTCL), which came into being to monitor the ongoing BRTS project, is planning to rope in students for designing a logo for the company. At its first board meeting here at the Collectorate on Friday, the members said that a school-level competition would be conducted to extract better ideas to design the logo of VUTC.The chairman of VUTC is the district collector, the GVMC commissioner being chief executive officer, APSRTC executive director its managing director and VUDA vice-chairman and city police commissioner and other senior officials being the board members of VUTC.Presiding over the meeting, VUTC chairman and collector V Seshadri directed the staff to start conducting trial run on the BRTS path. He directed the officials concerned to complete the pending part of the BRTS road to ease the woes of the commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17164291", "title": "Inadequate equipment, manpower hinders Guwahati Municipal Corporation's fight against dengue", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) authorities are finding it difficult to check the breeding of aedes aegypti mosquito, which spreads dengue, due to shortage of equipment like fogging machines where the affected areas are large.Talking to TOI, chief medical officer in-charge Arun Sharma said, \"We are spraying larvicide and carrying out fogging in every nook and corner of the city every 15 days. But due to shortage of machines, we are unable to cover large areas. There are a total six fogging machines of which four are out of order. We have sent the non-functional machines for repairing.\"He added that the GMC is carrying out fogging both morning and evening, but it is not sufficient. If fogging can be done vigorously, then it would be more effective. Moreover, the team needs to be enlarged because GMC doesn't have sufficient staff to deal with vast areas, he said.\"We are doing everything in co-ordination with the state health department. Till date, we have sprayed larvicide and carried out fogging in areas such as Bhetapara, Hatigaon, Pandu, Beltola, Fatasil, Dispur , Rupnagar, Pan Bazar, Gauhati Medical College Hospital campus and hostel, Maligaon, Ulubari, Fancy Bazar, Kaharguli, Jalukbari and Berubari,\" the official said.He added they are spraying larvicide in waterlogged areas of the city. The aedes mosquito mainly breeds in small quantity of water such as water coming out from the AC, fridge etc. Moreover, there is also lack of awareness among the people about the disease, he added.Ramen Hazarika, joint director health services ( malaria ) said the health department alone cannot control the disease, and it requires synchronized initiatives by the town committee, the urban development council, the municipality and the people.Hazarika said, \"Dengue is a viral disease and there is no specific drug to treat it or vaccine to avoid it. So, prevention is the only way. People do not maintain enough hygiene in their homes and surrounding areas. There are heaps of paper glasses, earthen pots, coconut shells and discarded tyres lying around in the city and these are main places where the aedes mosquito breeds. We've distributed laboratory kits to all the four medical colleges and civil hospitals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17163725", "title": "Lighting up lives, not crackers", "text": "BANGALORE: Cutting down or completely cutting out crackers from festivities is not what a Green Diwali is all about. That's what many teenagers here feel strongly about.Seventeen-year-old Ankur Bodhe, a resident of Arekere Gate, Bannerghatta Road, says he dislikes bursting crackers because it's a complete waste of money. \"Considering people can use the cash they spend on crackers for better causes like helping others, they're just a short burst of happiness that leads us nowhere,\" he says.Youngsters feel fireworks end up polluting the environment. Diwali is the festival of lights, says Athith Krishna, a student of Sri Kumaran Children's Home - CBSE, adding, \"The true spirit of the festival is in lighting up others' lives.\"\"We should strive towards creating awareness about the underprivileged and light up their lives in whatever way we can,\" says this boy who hasn't burst crackers for the past six years.\"Garden City is slowly becoming Garbage City. People can do their bit by toning down on bursting crackers keeping in mind the mess they create the next morning,\" he adds.Others feel Bangaloreans can go easy on crackers to save the city a smoggy hangover.\"A single day of celebration causes more air pollution than several days of clogged roads,\" says Pranav Sood, a Class 12 student of NPS, Indiranagar, whose research project on sustainable development was studied keenly by a major IT firm.He stopped bursting crackers two years ago and has been trying to educate others to do it too. \"Diwali has a lot more to offer,\" he says.Spending quality time with family is the best thing you can do during the festive season, says Suhas Uppada, a 15-year-old student of Ryan International School. \"I haven't burst crackers for three years now and doing my bit to keep the city green,\" he says.'We inform, not force'Many youngsters, mostly Class VII students from different city schools and members of Children's Movement For Civic Awareness (CMCA), have been working tirelessly over the past few days - staging skits, conducting talks and forming human chains - to persuade not to bursting crackers.\"Apart from injuries and pollution that crackers cause, thousands of children are employed by manufacturers of fireworks,\" says Jeevitha Gowda, who works with CMCA which has children volunteers from over 85 schools.\"We spread awareness but don't force people, especially children, to stop bursting crackers. We sensitize them to the fact that bursting crackers has several shortcomings and leave it to children to decide,\" she says, adding, \"Many youngsters understand the issue and are working towards creating awareness among others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163774", "title": "Court acquits Dhawade in police assault case", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge RP Pande on Friday acquitted 14 accused, including the alleged gambling kingpin Harishchandra Dhawade, in a case of attack on police personnel. The court had extended the benefit of doubt to the accused on various grounds.Dhawade and others were booked after they had assaulted a police posse, led by senior inspector Sahebrao Jadhav, in June last year. Jadhav and others had raided a place within the limits of Mouda police station after learning about gambling and betting on cock fights activities. Dhawade and others had put up a strong resistance that ended up injuring the cops.There were around 11 witnesses, including six cops, who were examined before the court. The witnesses' accounts had discrepancies while the prosecution's case, built up on the police's story, had many loopholes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17162588", "title": "One night market set to start tonight", "text": "CALANGUTE: With the re-opening of Mackie's Saturday night market in Baga, Arpora, this weekend, the tourist season in the Bardez coastal belt will step up a notch. The Arpora Saturday night market, formerly known as Ingo's Saturday night market, however, is yet to apply for permission to the village panchayat, sources in the Arpora-Nagoa panchayat said.Mackie's Saturday night market usually reopens before the Arpora night market which tends to open late November or early December.Mackie's market is located on the scenic banks of the Baga rivulet. A regular vendor at the Arpora night market said that the opening of the two markets in close proximity in the same village is usually mired in \"village politics\". Both are held in privately-owned properties with vendors being charged between 500-1,000 and 'soppo' fees depending on the size and location of the stall.The Anjuna flea market, which started three Wednesdays ago, is already bustling with a large number of charter and other tourists. The number of stalls at the Anjuna flea market is still about half the number usually seen during the peak of the season.Traffic snarls are a regular feature at all three markets, especially during the late evening in Anjuna when the market closes and a large number of rickshaw carriers make their way there to carry back the unsold goods, in addition to the hundreds of tourists, with taxis, bikes, etc, which choke the only road leading to the beachside market.Traffic practically comes to a standstill on the Calangute-Arpora-Anjuna road on Saturday nights because of the markets.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo said that efforts are on to widen the road and create more parking area to address this problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17165793", "title": "Eco-friendly crackers strike a chord with Cuttack", "text": "CUTTACK: Diwali will be less polluting for the Millennium City with eco-friendly crackers hitting the market. These crackers are also comparatively safer for children, claims a cracker dealer. \"People have become very aware of environmental issues. We have introduced a wide range of eco-friendly crackers, which are safe, non-polluting and cheaper,\" said Rabi, a wholesale dealer.The eco-friendly fire-crackers work on the principle of vacuum combustion. A pipe made up of plywood is filled with small pieces of paper but the centre of this space is filler with air. When a lever attached to the pipe is rolled, the cracker bursts with a light sound. \"There is no smoke and sparkle accompanying it so these are very safe for children,\" said Rabi. These crackers can also be burst inside the house and people are using it for birthday parties too, said another cracker trader.The environment-friendly public are also picking up these crackers. \"We are affected by pollution in our day-to-day life. On a special day such as Diwali, I would prefer the eco-friendly crackers and contribute in reducing the noise pollution in the city,\" said Amarjeet, a customer. One of the favourite picks is the spider cracker. \"This cracker moves in circles once lighted and produces different colours. The best part is that it is completely sound and pollution-free. Many parents are visiting our shops and demanding the cracker. In the past few days, at least 40 to 50 customers have bought it. The price of these crackers range from Rs 55 to 95,\" said Sashi Sahoo, a retailer. These are also safe for the eyes, he added.The prices of eco-friendly crackers do not burn a hole in the pocket, making it a more lucrative proposition over traditional fireworks. For example a packet of Superstar Rocket, which has a mild sound, costs Rs 350. \"While traditional firecrackers are priced between Rs 100 per piece and Rs 10,000, these eco-friendly crackers are available for just Rs 40. The costliest cracker is priced at Rs 1,000,\" said Kushi, a cracker dealer.Besides their names are very alluring, particularly for children. There is Rainbow Smoke, Pokemon, Mango Magic, Vacuum Magic and Sweet Sixteen, something kids can identify with. Even their sounds are interesting like Crazy Pops, which jingles like the chirping of birds. Parents are also happy. \"During Diwali, when people burst crackers, there is lot of noise. Hence, this time I am looking for noise-free crackers for my children and I have got them,\" said Arun Kumar, a customer.Crackers makers have also cashed in on the popularity of Bollywood to head-sell the crackers. Some of the crackers aimed at attracting movie buffs include Katrina charkha, Hema Malini phooljhari and Sholay bomb. Based on Salman Khan's character in the blockbuster Dabang, manufacturers have also brought out Chulbul Pandey rockets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164682", "title": "Excise officer acquitted in blackbuck case", "text": "PUNE: The court of chief judicial magistrate N T Ghadge on Friday acquitted Krishna Mahadik, suspended superintendent of the office of the Director General of Central Excise and Customs (Intelligence), Pune regional unit, in a case of alleged possession of a black buck hide.During a search at Mahadik's residence in Pratiknagar in Yerawada on January 25, 2011, the CBI had seized the hide of antilope cervicapra linnaeus (black buck) and had registered a case against him under the Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972.During the hearing on Friday, special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena told the court that Mahadik was found in illegal possession of the black buck hide. He did not have a licence nor did he obtain permission from the competent authority for keeping the hide, Saxena said. The prosecution relied on the evidence of five witnesses, including a wild life expert and the investigating officer.Mahadik's lawyer Pratap Pardeshi submitted before the court that the prosecution had not proved that his client was in possession of the hide.Pardeshi said that the flat from where the hide was seized was not owned by his client. He also cited contradictions in the evidence given by two 'panch' witnesses. He argued that the CBI had not recorded the statements of Mahadik's wife, his mother in-law and independent witnesses. He pleaded to acquit his client of all charges due to lack of evidence.Following Mahadik's acquittal, the CBI officials said that they will file an appeal in the Bombay high court. after receiving a certified copy of the judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17164281", "title": "Reply to Bramhaputra PIL in a month, SC tells NHPC", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Supreme Court on Friday gave the state government and the National Hydroelectric Power Corporation (NHPC) Ltd a month's time to reply to a PIL filed by a social organization of the state. The PIL sought ecological safety measures for the Brahmaputra to save the river from the adverse effects of the 2000-MW Subansiri Lower Hydroelectricity Project (SLHEP) being constructed by the NHPC on the upstream of the river in Arunachal Pradesh.\"The Assam government and NHPC sought some time to submit their replies and documents and the court has granted them four weeks' time,\" petitioner Abhijeet Sharma said.The PIL was filed in September last where the petitioner wanted the court to direct the NHPC Ltd to \"release the minimum sustenance flow natural water of 450 cu3 m/sec from the SLHEP dam throughout the year as it will keep the river ecologically healthy, especially during the 4-5 months of lean winter period\".The petitioner also wanted the sustenance water to be released \"automatically\" without any human control over it \"as this sustenance water cannot be shut off even for short while due to human error or in mala fide.The sustenance water must flow through the existing diversion tunnels or any other suitable automatic mechanism all year round\".The petitioner said, \"Power generation in the lean months is subservient to the release of the minimum sustenance flow of 450 cu3 m/sec. Power can be generated as per availability of water in the lean months after release of the sustenance flow as NHPC Ltd did not make any provision to store additional water for the sustenance flow even though water is available in the Subansiri during other times of the year.\"Work on the project has been stalled since last December following continued blockades against men and machinery for the project by several anti-dam organizations of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17162410", "title": "Maoists ambush Jharkhand jail van, kill 4 and free eight comrades", "text": "DHANBAD: In a carefully-planned and deftly executed operation, about 100 Maoists, including armed women , ambushed a police van carrying 32 prisoners from Giridih court to the divisional jail on Friday. They freed eight of their comrades and three cops and one prisoner were killed in the attack during which more than two dozen ordinary prisoners escaped.District SP Amol V Honkar said among those who escaped were two Maoists arrested for the Chilkhari massacre in 2009, when 20 people, including son of the former chief minister Babulal Marandi , were killed by the Maoists during a cultural programme.On Friday, the attackers first blocked the crowded Giridih-Tundi road near the jail and then chucked bombs at a truck that was just ahead of the prison van. The Maoists then hurled bombs at the van and started firing from AK-47s and SLRs.The three policemen killed in the attack were identified as assistant sub-inspector Prabhunath Singh , havildar Rajkumar Das and constable Sadanand Gagrai.Giridih police confirmed the Maoists had looted three rifles from the police escorts. Late in the evening, police claimed that they arrested two rebels from Bengabad for involvement in the attack.The handcuffs for the prisoners were found hanging at the gate of the vehicle indicating prisoners had got themselves freed during the attack. Police reinforcements rushed to the spot from the district headquarters and found some explosives on the road.Mohammad Saleh, a witness, claimed the Maoists had assembled at Mahadev Chauk near Dukhiya Mahadev temple well in advance and attacked the truck to block the police van.The Maoists snatched four motorcycles from the locals to escape with the prisoners. One of the motorcycle owners, Rajendra Tanti, said he had gone to relieve himself on the roadside when the rebels struck. He claimed the Naxalites used AK-47s and SLRs to attack the van. Witnesses told police that the Maoists had also used two SUVs vehicles.This was the second Maoist attack in Giridih town. In 2005, Maoists attacked the Mohanpur police camp, killing 10 cops and looting 400 rifles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164377", "title": "Promoted engineers cannot be reverted unless regular candidates take charge: Court", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major relief to the assistant engineers of Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam promoted from grade clerk and junior engineer post to assistant engineers following their bachelor degree in engineering obtained during their work with permission from the department, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court said that they cannot be reverted back to their previous post unless regularly selected candidates from the public service commission are available.The court said that these assistant engineers appointed on contract basis have right to continue till the candidates from the commission are permitted to join the post. It set aside the orders passed by chief engineer on September 9 and September 19, whereby he had reverted dozens of assistant engineers.The court has also said that contractual employees cannot be appointed against the contractual employees already holding the post. The order came from a division bench of Justice Rajiv Sharma and Justice SVS Rathore on the writ petitions preferred by different assistant engineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17163852", "title": "Trader robbed of Rs 1.75 lakh cash", "text": "BHOPAL: A trader was robbed of Rs 1.75 lakh cash at a knifepoint here late on Thursday. The Bagh Sewania police have registered a case against two unidentified accused in the incident.The police said complainant, Kailash Tiwari, a resident of Rishikesh Vihar, has a shop in new categorised market in old city. He was returning home on a two-wheeler, when two bike-borne persons stopped him near Rameshwaram Colony.Police said the two took Tiwari at a knifepoint and asked him to part with cash and valuables. The victim was carrying Rs 1.75 lakh cash, which he reportedly gave to the unidentified accused.It was suspected that the accused were following him from the Habibganj railway crossing, the police added.Chain-snatching in Shahpura areaAn elderly woman was robbed of her gold chain here in Shahpura area on Thursday evening. The police said Saroj Acharya, a resident of Laxmi Parisar, was out for a walk with her husband in the evening when two unidentified bike-borne accused snatched her gold chain and sped. The cost of the gold chain is estimated to be around Rs 25,000, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17164259", "title": "Traders, residents upset as metro needs more land", "text": "KOCHI: With Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) announcing that they would require additional land to straighten the curves along the metro route, traders registered their protest against the authorities for failing to provide a final blueprint of the land requirement. Though the merchant community welcomed the project, they fear that more business establishments would be asked to surrender their holdings.Kerala Merchants Union (KMU), president K Venkatesh Pai demanded that the entire process must be transparent. \"It has come to light that more land is required at Madhava Pharmacy Junction and Jos Junction. We have no idea how many more traders would be affected by this move,\" he said, adding that the state government failed to deliver the rehabilitation package promised to traders.The district administration had finalized land value at Rs 52 lakh per cent. Authorities had agreed to provide 80% of the price to land owners initially and the remaining part was to be paid to all occupants after they vacated the premises within four months. \"Merchants have to identify a suitable location to continue their business. They stand to lose their livelihood,\" he said. KMU has informed that it would convene a protest meeting near North railway overbridge on Saturday.As National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) insisted on widening the road on either side of the highway to facilitate the construction of metro, residents and merchants along this stretch are a worried lot. The Anti-Metro Rail Alignment Committee stated that they had already pointed out the need for additional land acquisition. \"Authorities, including Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, were silent on the issue. Now, KMRL has stated that it requires additional land. They themselves are clueless about the project,\" said committee president E A Abdul Najeeb, who ruled out the possibility of a mass protest. \"Authorities knew that if they publicized their final plans and began the metro project, they would face stiff resistance,\" he added.Kochi: With Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) announcing that they would require additional land to straighten curves along the path of Kochi metro, traders functioning along the route register their protest against the authorities' failure to provide them a final blue print. While the merchant community welcome the metro rail project, they fear more that more business establishments would be asked to give up their properties for acquisition of more land.The Kerala Merchants Union (KMU), president K Venkatesh Pai demanded more transparency in the execution of metro project. \"It has come to light that more land will be required at places like Madhava Pharmacy junction and Jose junction. We have no clue that how many more traders would be affected,\" he said. Expressing his protest he said that the state government failed in delivering the rehabilitation package promised to traders.The district administration has finalised land value at Rs 52 lakhs per cent. They have agreed to provide 80 % of the price to land owners initially and the remaining money would be paid on ensuring that all occupants vacated these premises within four months. \"The merchants will have to identify a suitable location to carry on with their business. They stand to lose their livelihood,\" he said. KMU has informed that it would convene a protest meeting near North railway over bridge on Saturday.As the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) insist on widening the road on either side to facilitate construction of metro, residents and merchants along the path remain a worried lot. The Anti-Metro Rail Alignment Committee stated that they earlier pointed out the need for additional land acquisition. \"Authorities including Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) maintained silence over the issues. Now, KMRL itself has stated the requirement of additional land. They themselves are clueless about the project,\" said committee president E A Abdul Najeeb.The committee ruled out the possibility of a mass protest. When additional land acquisition takes more people will lose land and these people failed to support others were in trouble. \"The authorities are trying to fish in muddy waters. Had they publicized their final plans and begun the process of executing the metro project, they were sure that it would not materialize,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164356", "title": "Proposals invited for industrial clusters", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to boost small scale industrial investment, the state government has decided to invite proposals for developing two industrial clusters in each district, a government spokesperson said on Friday.The decision was taken at a review meeting presided over by small scale industry minister Bhagwat Charan Gangwar on Thursday evening. Gangwar said that such proposals should reach Udyog Bandhu by December.This, an official said, was done necessarily to \"achieve the objective of making Uttar Pradesh the preferred investment destination and to accelerate industrial development\".Legislation, sources said, was also under consideration with provisions for stringent action against the departments not complying with timeline for issuance of clearances as fixed under the Nivesh Mitra facility of the Udyog Bandhu.The state government, sources said also contemplating to engage a 'knowledge partner' for long-term proactive engagement with industries and investors by showcasing new Infrastructure and Industrial Investment Policy, 2012, the official said.The state government has decided to take steps to implement e-biz mission mode project that provides 49 services, including state and union government departments, along with new interactive web applications and portals to provide important data.to potential investors at a click of the mouse. Proposals to this effect are likely to be put forth in the state cabinet for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164684", "title": "Seven get life sentence for murdering cable operator", "text": "PUNE: The court of additional sessions judge S D Dharne on Friday sentenced seven men to life imprisonment for the murder of cable operator Suresh Waghmare (32) of Bibvewadi in 2010.The court also sentenced the seven to seven-year rigorous imprisonment with fine of Rs 7,000 each for the murder of Amol Waghmare of Bibvewadi, who was the complainant in the first murder. They were further sentenced to two-year RI for rioting. All the sentences will run concurrently.The accused are Santosh Rashinkar (31), Rajesh Raman (24), Rupesh Khopade (19), Datta Kamble (25), Sanjay Kamble (30), Shekhar Malekar (33) and Dayanand Shinde (25) all residents of Bibvewadi, Katraj and Sahakarnagar.Suresh Waghmare ran a cable network business in Bibvewadi, and accused had enmity with him as they were also in the same business.The prosecution's case was that the Kamble brothers and the others had attacked Waghmare with sharp weapons in 2007, which he had survived. Later, Rashinkar and others had confronted Waghmare and had threatened him with a revolver and had forced him to sign on a stamp paper to show that they will be running the cable business on his behalf.The prosecution said Waghmare had then filed complaints with the entertainment tax department and the city police commissioner against the accused. The accused, armed with sharp weapons, had attacked him and Amol after their two-wheeler was hit by a car at Pokale vasti in Bibvewadi on June 9, 2010. Waghmare died following injuries while Amol survived.Inspector (crime) of the Sahakarnagar police, Faruk Kazi, had arrested the accused, but one of them, Rashinkar, had escaped from the Sassoon hospital while undergoing treatment in 2011. He was re-arrested in 2012.The state government had appointed lawyer Neelima Vartak as special public prosecutor to conduct trial in the murder case.Vartak had relied on the evidence of 29 witnesses, including two eyewitnesses, medical officer, policemen and others to prove the guilt of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17165502", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Odisha hit back after making meagre 143", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi coach Vijay Dahiya had stressed on the eve of their Ranji Trophy Group B game against Odisha that it was important for his team to come back smarter after the defeat to Uttar Pradesh in the season opener.He would have had no complaints till about half an hour before the tea break when his bowlers gobbled up a listless Odisha batting lineup for 143 after the visitors elected to bat on Day One at the Ferozeshah Kotla, on Friday. But at the end of the day's play, as Dahiya conceded, the hosts were in a 'tricky situation' at 62/3 with in-form skipper Shikhar Dhawan back in the hut for 22.Left-arm pacer Pawan Suyal , making a comeback to first-class cricket after injury, set the tone for Delhi. The seamers cleaned up the top order in a jiffy for debutant leftarm spinner Manan Sharma to clean up the tail. Son of former India player Ajay Sharma, Manan, 21, finished with 4/30, backing Suyal's effort of 3/43. Sumit Narwal chipped in with a couple of wickets.The deal was simple for underdogs Odisha - stay disciplined and hang in there. They didn't show that while batting. But their bowling, led by tall medium-pacer Basant Mohanty on a track that had little zip for the seamers, was much more in sync wit the needs of the hour. Odisha dismissed two of their biggest threats -openers Unmukt Chand and Dhawan before end of play to come back into the contest.After Basant dismissed Unmukt for three in the third over, another debutant, Mohit Sharma and Dhawan were literally rooted to the crease as Delhi made slow progress. It took Delhi 31 overs to score 62 runs. The duo put on 36 runs off 17 overs for the second wicket before Deepak Behara trapped Mohit in front.Things became a bit more dicey for Delhi when Dhawan guided a Basant bouncer to Rakesh Mohanty at gully.Uncharacteristically, Dhawan's two-hour stay yielded just 22 runs. That's where, Dahiya feels, Delhi might have lost a trick. \"Chasing such a low score, you need not get so cautious. It wasn't the team's plan and Shikhar and Mohit should have rotated the strike more. We are thirty runs short,\" Dahiya said, hoping overnight batsman Mithun Manhas (12) and nightwatchman Manan (1) would see off the 'crucial first hour' on Day Two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17168189", "title": "Indore and Gwalior bench of Madhya Pradesh high court now empowered to hear 'virus petition'", "text": "INDORE: Now Indore and Gwalior bench of Madhya Pradesh high court will have the power to hear virus petition-a petition that can challenge the legality of any law passed by legislature. Chief justice of MPHC notified on Friday that Indore and Gwalior bench of MPHC will be empowered with this power from November 19.Reacting to the development, former secretary of Indore High Court Bar Association, Adv Sanjay Mehra said that lawyers of Indore and Gwalior were demanding for this right from quite some time. \"Till now only MPHC Jabalpur had right to hear virus petition and if any virus petition were field in either Indore and Gwalior then it was transferred to Jabalpur,\" said Mehra.He further said that chief justice of MPHC Justice Sharad Arvind Bobde has decided to give jurisdiction to hear virus petition to Indore and Gwalior bench of MP high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17162480", "title": "Mining bypass irks Panchwadi folk", "text": "MARGAO: A large number of residents from Panchwadi, Ponda, met the land acquisition officer and Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC) officials who were conducting an inspection of the proposed alignment of the mining bypass road, and submitted their objections on Friday.Claiming that the present alignment will destroy the settlements of hundreds of families living in wards of Digas,Sodeawado and Mharahgal (Panchwadi), the villagers suggested alternate alignments that are much shorter than the present alignment, to the government officials.\"We also questioned the wisdom of the present alignment since it passes through fields and ends up in mangroves far from the present loading points and storage yards,\" said Peter D'costa, a Panchwadi resident.On hearing about the inspection that took place between 11am and 2pm on Friday, a huge crowd rushed to the site and argued that the alignment that the villagers had proposed save their homes, paddy fields and horticulture lands from being surrounded by mining activity on all sides.\"In the submission made by them to the land acquisition officer, we have also pointed out various other issues concerning the mining bypass road, including the recent revelation regarding illegal mining and its implications to this large project costing the government hundreds of crores,\" added advocate Kalpita Naik.\"The villagers have also asked for their only drinking water source, the Moissal dam, to be saved by re-routing the bypass road in its vicinity, which is presently planned to pass along its edge on a steep forested hill,\" said aggrieved resident Saby Fernandes.The government officials gave the villagers a patient hearing and promised to submit their reservations to their higher-ups who would decide on the future course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167188", "title": "Yash Chopra\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death brings Rani closer to the Chopras", "text": "These are trying times for late Yash Chopra's bereaved family. However, standing unwaveringly by their side is Rani Mukerji, who has been a pillar of strength throughout the crisis. The outspoken actress has been uncharacteristically subdued, lending quiet support to the Chopras all along.If at all, Yash Chopra's demise has brought the family even closer, and that includes Rani, who has been there in their time of grief. A source close to the Chopras said, \"Rani is a very domesticated person at heart. Nothing pleases her more than being at home with the people closest to her. And Yashji's home is definitely home to Rani now. The way she has been there for the family, especially for Pam Bhabhi, has definitely brought her closer to the Chopra parivaar.\"So much so, it is being speculated whether her heightened closeness to the Chopra clan will positively impact her impending marriage with Aditya Chopra .A friend of the family told TOI, \"One can't really predict a date. But their relationship is for keeps. Rani went all out to win not only the reticent Adi's trust but also the entire family's confidence. She pursued this goal with the sincere single-mindedness of Tina Munim proving herself worthy of being an Ambani bahu . Like Tina, Rani has passed the test with flying colours. It's only a matter of time before the marriage happens.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17164331", "title": "Appointment of Pummy as returning officer irks many", "text": "INDORE: The chairman of Yeshwant Club, Paramjit Singh Chhabra 'Pummy' has once again been dragged into controversy. This time, the controversy is all about his selection as the returning officer to conduct elections for the Guru Singh Sabha. Last time, he had hogged the limelight on the issue of exercising the franchise for the Madhya Pradesh Pradesh Cricket Association (MPCA) polls.A section of the community has written to Pummy, questioning his appointment to the post. The letter has been written on behalf of Ratinder Singh (Gurusikh), Deepak Singh (Akhand Kirtani Jattha), Sanmeet Singh (Akhand Kirtani Jattha), Dilraj Singh ( Shahbaz Khalsa) and Gurpreet Singh (Shahbaz Khalsa).Terming him to be a 'Pathit' (the one who doesn't follow the religious rules), they have said that not only does he consumes liquor and meat, but also he doesn't pay attention to his beard and the long hair. Moreover, his knowledge about the Sikh dharma, Gurbani (the holy book of the community), its rich history and splendid tradition was also remote one. Hence Pummy doesn't have a right to take up the responsibility. Besides, they have also levelled allegations against anomalies in the electoral roll. Rather, they have recommended that only that person should be appointed to the post, who was a perfect Gurusikh.Meanwhile Shri Huzur Sahib, Nanded, has put on hold the election of the Sabha, which was scheduled to be held on 23 December. The order comes after the recent visit of two observers from Nanded to the city in this connection. The election for the 19-member managing committee of the Sabha is being held after a gap of seven years.However, the Pummy camp feels otherwise. They have termed the act of the section of the community as being the job of disgruntled elements. Also, the Pummy camp has got its own set of logics to prove its stand. They gave a reference to the visits by the observers from Amritsar, namely Dilbag Singh and Bhupinder Singh in this connection. The duo has reportedly given a clean chit to the appointment of Pummy to the post.When contacted by ToI, Pummy said, \"I have already prepared separate lists comprising electorates for the poll for each of 30 Gurdwara committees that fall under the Sabha and total number of whose goes as 12,000 out of a total 65,000 members of the community living in the city. I promise to all the stakeholders that the elections would be held in a transparent and impartial way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "17164211", "title": "Wooden slabs to cushion stomping feet at Attari", "text": "ATTARI: Indian soldiers will soon be seen stomping their feet on wooden slabs during the beating retreat ceremony at the India-Pakistan border in Attari. The decision has been taken to save the soldiers from aching feet, rickety joints and a bad back, caused due to heavy stomping on the concrete floor during the colourful ceremony performed daily at the border.BSF commandant B B Gosian on Friday said there was a proposal for laying wooden slabs and the project is underway. The wooden slabs would be laid and covered with black rubber to give it a road-like look. BSF officers said just rubber alone would not have not generated the stomping sound during the ceremony, which is known for shoulder-high kicks and aggressive gestures between the jawans of BSF and Pak Rangers.BSF officers said concrete floor would be replaced at Hussainiwala in Punjab's Ferozepur district, which too hosts a similar ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163846", "title": "Cap on subsidized LPG may go after persistent demands", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government may raise the annual cap of six cylinders on subsidized cooking gas after the petroleum minister faced persistent demands from Congress leaders at the party conclave in Surajkund on Friday.The limit on subsidized LPG cylinders could go up to nine cylinders, and to 12 closer to elections. While Congress had in September expressed discomfiture with the decision to put a limit on subsidized cylinders, it did not seek a rollback. However, party chief Sonia Gandhi asked Congress chief ministers to raise the cap at the cost of the state to soften the blow.The contentious issue came up for discussion at the 'samvad baithak' when ministers and organizational leaders joined hands to say that the party's image with the common man had taken a hit because of fuel hike.A CWC member said LPG cap be raised to 12 cylinders. \"This will please the people,\" he said. Another senior leader slammed recent reports that price of subsidized cylinders could go up. That it happened in the middle of Himachal polls, he said, was politically immature even if the price was not raised eventually.While petroleum minister Veerappa Moily assured that he would discuss the issue with PM Manmohan Singh and finance minister P Chidambaram, the participants got the message that the issue would be revisited.The discussion on LPG subsidy came amid continuing message from the government that expenditure had to be reined in to stay afloat. Chidambaram said expenditure had to be managed for the next five months till the next budget with focus on fiscal deficit. He stressed on the need for investments from foreign sources and public sector. However, the PM as also Chidambaram assured that flagship schemes would continue untouched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17165016", "title": "Smog can lead to blackout in north: Experts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The burning of over 20 million tonne of paddy husk by Punjab's farmers - which triggers smog, coupled with crumbling power distribution network, has put Punjab at the risk of a blackout due to power tripping. Fund crunch is proving to be a major handicap in repairing outdated transmission lines or installing polymer insulators to prevent outage in the state.Breakdown of equipment during fog had led to tripping of the entire northern grid in 2008 and 2009. In 2001, a major collapse of the northern grid was triggered following a failure of a sub-station in Uttar Pradesh. Restoration had taken at least 12 hours.\"There is always a risk of technical faults since the fog makes lines moist, is damaging and can lead to disruption in power supply. It happened barely two years ago and since then we have been trying to strengthen our network,\" said Arun Verma, director (generation), Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL).With an installed capacity of 51,000 MW, the northern grid carries nearly 35,000 MW power every day across nine regions, including Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh , J&K; and Chandigarh, and caters to about 28% of India's population. The Power Grid Corporation of India Limited has warned the state to be ready to deal with tripping especially after smog has enveloped the region.Experts say fog and pollution can trigger blackouts. Fog makes power transmission lines moist; atmospheric pollution then sticks to the lines; over time, the lines become caked in dust, resulting in short circuits that lead to tripping. If unchecked, the result could be a collapse of the regional grid.Officials of the state power utilities are citing financial compulsions for not being able to install polymer insulators. \"We need more than Rs 400 crore to cover the entire state with polymer insulators but both the power utilities of Punjab are in severe fiscal crisis. Even the state government is no help and owes over Rs 350 crore as bill of power subsidy given to farmers for free,\" said a senior official of PSPCL, requesting anonymity.R K Sharma, chief engineer, PSPCL, said, \"We are putting polymer insulators only at places which have very high pollution levels, like Ludhiana, Mandi and Gobindgarh. Cost is a factor which we are dealing with.\" Only 25% of the state has been covered with polymer insulators so far, said officials.The neighbouring state, Haryana, has been quick to respond to the situation after the northern grid collapsed in 2010. Power secretary Ajit Sharan said, \"We have been cautious and HVPN has finished the task of putting polymer insulators to protect all the transmission lines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17164442", "title": "Govt-in-exile not inciting immolations: Tibetan PM", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Tibetan government-in-exile has asked China to visit Dharamshala to find for itself whether the charge that it is inciting Tibetans to set themselves afire holds true. As China readies for a change in leadership, it was faced with four Tibetans setting themselves afire in Sichuan and Qinghai provinces. Two of them died.\"The blame and solution for the present tragedy in Tibet lies entirely with Beijing. We welcome representatives of the Chinese government as well as that of any independent international body to investigate these allegations by visiting our offices in Dharamshala,\" said Lobsang Sangay, the democratically-elected Prime Minister of the Tibetan people and political successor to the Dalai Lama.\"We believe that an end to repression will effectively end the cycle of self-immolation,\" Sangay said.The Cabinet of the Tibetan government-in-exile held a closed door meeting on Friday to consider ways to resume dialogue with new Chinese leadership. Dicky Chhoyang, minister of department of international relations, said: \"We would ensure that the world is informed about the drastic acts of the Chinese leadership, their failed policies. Leaders across the world would be urged to pursue our cause. We would try to resume dialogue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163136", "title": "CM exempted from appearing in court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday exempted chief minister Sheila Dikshit from appearing before it in a defamation case filed by her against city BJP chief Vijender Gupta on the ground that she had to leave for Mumbai due to bereavement in the family. Metropolitan magistrate Saumya Chauhan allowed Dikshit's plea for exemption, saying \"the application for exemption is only allowed for today (Friday)\".It, however, asked the CM to appear before it on February 18, 2013, the next date of hearing. Dikshit's counsel Gajender Kumar said, \"\"Due to bereavement in the family in Mumbai, she could not appear before the court. The CM left for Mumbai on Thursday and is coming back to Delhi by Friday evening. Owing to the unfortunate incident, she is unable to attend this court and her non-appearance is unintentional.\"Gupta's counsels Ajay Burman and Ajay Digpaul opposed the CM's plea, saying \"the complainant has not mentioned the name of the relative who passed away, which seems like she is avoiding court proceedings.\" Gupta submitted that he is being humiliated by being asked to appear on each date of hearing, whereas the CM had not appeared after recording of evidence in the case on May 30. He also said \"even though the court has passed a strict order on the last date, she fails to appear.\"On October 12, the court had directed Dikshit to appear before it at the next hearing on November 9, else the case would be dismissed.. Dikshit had alleged that the BJP leader used \"uncivilized\" language against her before the MCD polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163475", "title": "Dubrajpur dispute over compensation, says MP", "text": "KOLKATA: Trinamool Congress' Birbhum MP Shatabdi Ray met chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday and informed her that the protests were not due to any anti-land stir, but had more to do with a compensation package for the land-losers and displaced villagers.Though Ray returned with an assurance from the chief minister that the state would 'soon resolve' the problem, she felt that it would be a tough task for the government.Ray's assessment of the situation also bore resonance with a key demand made by the Krishi Jami Raksha Committee to the state industries minister Partha Chatterjee. Their deputation read: \"Land prices, ownership, leaseholders, sharecroppers, fishermen and daily wage labourers affected by it should be rehabilitated. Their loss of livelihood should be compensated. The area should be developed.\"The minister didn't make any commitment on this, but later said, \"Our government had no role in either fixing the land prices or giving mining rights. This happened back in 2005.\" Though Chatterjee reiterated his government is against forcible land acquisition, he refused to be drawn into any comment on a state role in compensation and rehabilitation for those affected.Ray feels this is going to be a tough task. \"I have suggested an all-party meeting, possibly on Sunday, to reach a consensus. The bigger problem, to me, is to distinguish between those affected and those agitating. But yes, this isn't a land acquisition issue for they'd given the land on their own. The question is on the compensation and rehabilitation package. I am really at a loss to understand how our government can resolve the deadlock triggered by an action seven years back,\" she said.This also figured prominently in the meeting Chatterjee had with the Birbhum Trinamool Congress leadership., including minister Chandranath Sinha and district president Anubrata Mondal.But the Trinamool leadership does feel if something isn't done now, this agitation may soon spread its tentacles.in a bid to contain the fallout of the alleged police firing on villagers. Though she returned with an assurance from the Chief Minister that the government will \"soon resolve\" the problem, there appears more to it. For Ray in her report to the chief minister informed her And it is this, which has now put the government in a bind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17162731", "title": "Police register plaint against SGPDA officials", "text": "MARGAO: Margao police on Friday registered several offences of forgery against three public servants-all officials of the South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA).The same is in connection with a plaint filed in September by Navin G Priolkar of Margao-based NGO, Guild of Active Members for Action and Review.The NGO had stated in its plaint that the government had failed to act in an alleged hill cutting case in Aquem despite a stop work order issued by Salcete SDM D M Redkar in April.It pointed out that it had taken up this issue with various government authorities, including chief minister Manohar Parrikar . In the memorandum to Parrikar in July, the NGO alleged that the subsequent inspection report by SGPDA had failed to address concerns raised by the SDM.The NGO's R Pinto and Priolkar further pointed out that they were present during the SGPDA inspection as they were the complainants and that they did not agree with the inspection report submitted.The NGO procured a copy of the report under the Right to Information (RTI) Act and alleged that it was factually incorrect.Margao police have registered offences under IPC Sections 166 (public servant disobeying law), 167, (public servant framing an incorrect document), 218 (public servant framing incorrect record or writing with intent to save person from punishment or property from forfeiture), 465 (forgery), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating) and 471 (using as genuine a forged document or electronic record) read with Section 34 against SGPDA's planning assistant Shailesh Bhagat, assistant engineer Ajai Raikar and the member secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163420", "title": "Pavement dweller murdered", "text": "KOLKATA: Police have arrested two pavement dwellers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Mohammed Alauddin and Gopal Bose \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for murdering their friend Khokan (36). All three used to live near 265, Lenin Sarani, where the body of the deceased was found on Friday.After the arrest, both confessed that they had murdered Khokan in a fit of rage.Sources said they were under the influence of drugs and got into a quarrel leading to the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163482", "title": "Congress members run amok in ZP meet", "text": "NAGPUR: Congress members on Friday ran amok in the general body meeting of Nagpur Zilla Parishad (ZP), alleging discrimination in allocation of health funds. Soon after the meeting started, leader of opposition Manohar Kumbhare alleged that ZP president Sandhya Gotmare (BJP) had allocated Rs3 crore mostly under 'Nau Arogya' to the members of ruling coalition (BJP-Shiv Sena-NCP) and left the opposition Congress high and dry. All the Congress members vehemently demanded that issue be discussed.While speaking on this issue, party leader of BJP in ZP Ukesh Chavhan changed the topic. This enraged the Congress members and they stormed into the well of the House. A heated war of words ensued between Congress and BJP members. The Congress members tore up the agenda and threw it all around the hall.When ruling coalition members objected, Kumbhare pulled down the podium and then the table kept before the office-bearers. Another Congress member Upasrao Bhute pushed his table to the ground and wrenched the mike apart.Taking a strong objection to the unparliamentary behaviour of Congress members, Ukesh Chavhan came to the well and asked the opposition members to stop the ruckus. However, Kumbhare became furious and told Chavhan to mind his own business. This led to an extremely heated war of words between the two leaders. Both BJP and Congress members came out in support of their leaders.Realizing that the situation was going out of control, president Gotmare adjourned the meeting. When all the members had occupied their seats she read out the proposals and approved them even as Congress members indulged in slogan shouting. In the meantime, Chavhan gave a written complaint to the chief executive officer (CEO) urging him to call the police. Gotmare then announced that the House was over.Later in a press conference, Kumbhare and other Congress members elaborated on their allegations. \"Out of the Rs3 crore amount, the president has sanctioned Rs1.20 crore to Hingna taluka. Of this, Rs50 lakh have been sanctioned for her Wanadongri circle. Umred taluka has got just Rs2 lakh while Kuhi has not got a single penny. This kind of injustice won't be tolerated.\"Kumbhare alleged that work orders for works under the Nau Arogya scheme were issued without administrative approval. He also claimed that there were all sorts of irregularities in the scheme.Gotmare refuted all the allegations and said that the works had been passed by the water management committee after going through all aspects. \"All the work orders were issued after obtaining administrative approval. The allocation of funds is as per law and there is no discrimination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17163302", "title": "Govt plans to connect Metro with airport", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government plans to link Jaipur Metro (phase II) with Sanganer Airport. Earlier, Phase II's detailed project report did not include the airport.\"To benefit more commuters, we are planning to link the airport with Metro. Officials have been directed to prepare a revised route map. The route map will be examined at a meeting with DMRC and JMRC officials after 15 days,\" said urban development and housing (UDH) minister, Shanti Dhariwal.A proposal was also floated in Friday's review meeting at the chief minister residence to construct an elevated track from Sitapura to the airport while the route from airport to Panipech will be underground.\"Considering traffic congestion on Tonk Road, we are planning to built the tracks underground. If the proposal is approved by the state, the estimated cost may go up by Rs 2,000 crore. It is estimated that phase II cost will be about Rs 6,238 crore,\" Dhariwal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17164261", "title": "Bengal minster buys time, Birbhum stalemate continues", "text": "KOLKATA: The Loba Krishi Jami Rakha Committee met West Bengal industries minister Partha Chatterjee on Friday to demand a judicial inquiry into the \"police firing\" and contest the chief minister's claim of an \"outsider hand\" in the violence.Chatterjee, who has all along insisted that police did not fire on the agitators at Birbhum's Loba village and that the government was unaware of the police operation, did not confront the delegation.Instead, he used to opportunity to claim that the agitators still reposed faith in the government since they had come to the assembly to meet him. The minister did not commit anything on their demands. He told the agitators that the government has ordered an administrate inquiry and they should wait for the report.\"They (the agitators) have reposed faith in the government. They want us to find a solution. It is a fact that our government was not involved in either fixing of land prices or the other issues related to the project. It all happened in the Left regime. I will speak to the company officials again,\" Chatterjee told reporters later.The meeting came handy to the government to renew links with the agitators who are upset with the minister's cancelling his visit to Loba village the day after the violence. However, the conciliation process was less easy than what home secretary Basudeb Banerjee, and later chief minister Mamata Banerjee had claimed.The nine-member delegation made it clear on Friday that the agitation will continue and they will not allow DVC-Emta to shift the earth-moving equipment from the village. They stuck to their demand of judicial enquiry and insisted that the government prepare a \"wholesome rehabilitation package\", including compensation, livelihood and residence of everyone tied to the land.PDS leader Samir Putatunda, who was with the delegation, said: \"We are not anti-government. Our struggle is only for the interests of the villagers. We are willing to wait for the outcome of the inquiry. But our protests will continue for the sake of people.\"But even as Patitunda was saying this, committee president Felaram Mondal said that the \"had indeed fired\". \"There was no outsider. Do we look like Maoists to you?\" he asked. \"We are not bothered about who said what. We were there. It was a spontaenous people's protest. This is a fact,\" he said.Mondal's statements are a rebuff not only to the chief minister's statement of \"outsiders' role\" but also to Chatterjee's insistence of Maoist involvement.Chatterjee did make an attempt later to reach out to them: \"The villagers aren't responsible for this untoward incident. They are our people.\"\"This is struggle for survival. Eleven villages will be wiped out otherwise. The government should intervene for an acceptable compensation package,\" said committee secretary Joydeep Majumdar.There was more controversy earlier in the day when PDS leader Samir Putatunda was denied entry to assembly initially, prompting the entire delegation to stay away from the meeting. Urban development minister Firad Hakim then personally stepped outside to take Putatunda in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164713", "title": "Shop inspector held yet again for taking bribe", "text": "PUNE: A shop inspector from the labour commissioner office was nabbed by the anti-corruption bureau for the third time in the past 10 years.The ACB on Friday arrested Chandrakant Patil of Gokhalenagar and his agent Yadavrao Barme of Chavannagar in Dhankawdi for accepting Rs 10,000 as bribe from an official of a private hospital for not taking any action against them.\"The ACB had arrested Patil in 1992 and in 2006 while accepting bribe,\" superintendent of police (ACB) Sarang Awad told TOI. According to a complaint lodged by Anirudha Sapre, head, the human resource department of the Aims hospital in Aundh, Patil had visited the hospital on September 8 and said he would take action against the hospital authorities for as they had appointed more employees than the permitted staff strength.\"Sapre had told Patil that he would complete the formalities and also pay the fine,\" Awad said. On November 11, Patil again went to the hospital and told Sapre that he would submit the report in favour of the hospital, for which Sapre would have to pay Rs 12,000 as fees and another Rs 10,000 to him.\"Patil had told Sapre that he would have to pay Rs 12,000 as fees and another Rs 10,000 to him. Patil had also said that he would not take any action against the hospital for one year and asked Sapre to come to his office with the money on November 9.\"After receiving the complaint from Sapre, an ACB team comprising assistant police commissioner (ACB) Hemant Bhat and inspectors Vaishali Galande and Vinod Satav laid a trap at Patil's office at Shivajinagar and arrested Patil's agent Barme while accepting the money. Patil was arrested later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164789", "title": "No need to initiate criminal action: Owners tell Madras high court", "text": "CHENNAI: Owners of the oil tanker MT Pratibha Cauvery have told the Madras high court that there was no need to initiate criminal action in the matter.The vessel, which has been detained as per the orders of Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, is stuck off the Marina and salvation efforts during the past two days have been futile.On Friday, Muizz Ali, counsel for its owners \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Pratibha Shipping Company Limited, Mumbai \u00e2\u20ac\u201d assured the court that the Mercantile Marine Department would investigate the matter and take appropriate action. Hence no criminal action is needed, he said.Justice Paul Vasanthakumar, however, pointed out the court had already asked the company to deposit 6 crore to move the vessel out of the court's jurisdiction. He then adjourned the matter to November 16 when the owners will file a detailed counter-affidavit.Earlier, S Prabakaran, counsel for Sankara Narayanan, brother of the deceased marine engineer Mohandas who drowned while trying to flee the ship, submitted that police had not yet conducted proper inquiry. \"They have registered a case of death under suspicious circumstances, while they ought to have booked the company for culpable homicide not amounting to murder,\" he said, adding that the company's failure to provide supplies to the crew too contributed to their death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17165528", "title": "Entry of vehicles to markets banned", "text": "BHOPAL: In an attempt to reduce traffic congestion in the shopping hubs of the city during the festive season, traffic police has banned the entry of vehicles to the market places. Entry of vehicles T T Nagar police station square to Rang Mahal square has been banned, an official spokesperson said.Shoppers can park their vehicles at the dedicated parking lots apart from these existing areas. The newly allocated parking spaces near the community hall ground, Kalibadi ground and Kamla Nehru school ground can also be used.Commuters coming from Palash Hotel side can park their vehicles in the empty ground opposite the hotel and walk up to the market.Residents willing to shop from Chowk Bazaar, old city, can park their vehicles at Gohar Mahal parking and BMC paid parking spaces in old Bhopal. Subsequently, those willing to shop from 10 number market can park their vehicles in a single row adjoining Old Campion School ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17163024", "title": "Rajasthan Congress upbeat on Sonia's call for co-ordination between govt and organization", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Friday stressed for a constant coordination between the party governments and the party organisations both at the Centre and the state levels, while speaking at the party's Samvad Baithak at Surajkund (Haryana).The party chief's message was keenly received by Congressmen in Rajasthan where a tussle between the Ashok Gehlot government and the party organisation under Chandrabhan has come to fore on several occasions in the past. Moreover, a group of Congress legislators has constantly accused chief minister Gehlot of \"sidelining\" them on public issues, thereby highlighting that the coordination in Rajasthan was missing between the government and its legislators as well. There have also been instances where Gehlot ministers publicly accused each other of ignoring people and party men's expectations.In her address at Surajkund, Gandhi advised the ministers to listen to party workers and give due attention to their concerns. \"The ministers should interact with party men while visiting states and this is all the more necessary in states ruled by the opposition parties,\" she said.Congressmen in Rajasthan believed that what Gandhi told to Union ministers was also applicable to the ministers in the state. \"Call it election preparations or anything, but the party president has clearly cautioned the Congress chief ministers and the ministers to stop ignoring the party men,\" a PCC office-bearer here said.At PCC meetings attended by chief minister Gehlot and party affairs' in-charge Mukul Wasnik in the past, the Congress workers, legislators and parliamentarians have alike complained about being disregarded by the state government. The miffed party leaders commonly complained that the bureaucrats did not listen to them, taking a cue from the chief minister and the ministers' behaviour towards them (Congressmen).Senior Congress leaders said as the assembly elections are approaching in the state, the chief minister and the PCC president would have to go the extra mile to strike coordination between the government and the organisation. While the Congress leaders have complained about not having a say in their party government under Gehlot, the chief minister has blamed the party workers for failing to propagate achievements of his government among the masses. \"It is this blame game between the government and the organisation that the Congress chief has hit out at,\" a senior party leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163409", "title": "Excise crackdown", "text": "NEW DELHI: Between April and November, the Delhi government's Excise Intelligence Bureau (EIB) has seized over one lakh bottles of foreign and Indian Manufactured Foreign Liquor either being smuggled into the capital or stocked illegally for sale. Nearly 434 people have been arrested and 233 vehicles have been seized.With Diwali round the corner, EIB has launched a crackdown on eating joints and marriage venues serving liquor without permit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17165110", "title": "Have more safety at nuke plants: Nobel laureate", "text": "MANGALORE: Adequate safety measures should be taken in nuclear plants to arrest radiation leaks as it is dangerous to humans, said Douglas D Osheroff, Nobel laureate in physics here on Friday. Speaking to TOI, he said radiation leaks from nuke plants in Japan and Russia were a result of flaws in the design of the plants.He also said even burning of coal produces enormous toxic substances, but not many people are aware of it.On research programmes he said: \"When I was a 12-year-old, I was very passionate about science. Indian teaching faculties should teach soulfully to stimulate students to take up more research works.\"He said to become a successful researcher, students should seriously dedicate a lot of time for studies. \"One of my discoveries happened at mid-night. Smart work does not play an important role in research works. The worst thing about a researcher is, he or she has to work hard for more than 80 hours in a week,\" he said.While talking about Indian students studying in American universities, he said the students, who are pursing postgraduate courses in foreign countries, should impart that knowledge in India.Douglas said he was passionate about giving lectures to students on various science topics. \"Interaction programme with students helped me generate interest in students about science.\" Speaking about the research scenario in India he said that even though the country has been producing a lot of talented students, there are very less number of high quality research works.When asked how to win a Noble prize he said it is very difficult for an engineer to win a Noble prize, for engineers' probability of winning it is very less.Douglas was in Manipal to give a lecture on 'How Science Changes Our Lives, organized by Honeywell Technology Solutions.At present, he is one of the board of advisors of Scientists and Engineers of America.Later speaking to mediapersons he said, \"Mankind should use science to understand nature and harness its powers. At the same time there are innumerable challenges that come at the expense of our environment.\"The Nobel laureate added, \"Students have an opportunity to change the world and create a more comfortable lifestyle that was unimaginable years ago. Focus and passion is important for students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17165091", "title": "Adverse letter against officials for laxity", "text": "VARANASI: The divisional commissioner wrote adverse letter to the government against the officials of PWD, forest, tubewell, minor irrigation, land and water resources departments for laxity in Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.Divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari, who held a meeting to review the progress in works on Friday, found that despite the availability of funds at departmental level, the money was not spent on proposed works.So far, 70% funds should have been spent on works but only 20-25% funds were utilised by different departments.He instructed the officials to begin the work of check dam construction at the cost of Rs 1.29 crore in Chandauli district by December.Reviewing the progress in Lohia Gram Yojna, he instructed the chief development officers of the four districts of Varanasi, Ghazipur, Chandauli and Jaunpur to procure plans of identified villages in their respective districts by November 20 and begin the works immediately.There is delay in approval of the list of handpumps under rural drinking scheme in Ghazipur district. The engineers were instructed to start the work.The commissioner also held a meeting with the DIG and other officials to review the security arrangements in view of Diwali, Kali Puja, Moharram and Dala Chhath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163792", "title": "Bombay high court directs SECR to deposit Rs 10L to pay wages to porters", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major setback to South East Central Railway (SECR) and victory of sorts for 152 parcel porters, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court directed it to pay these porters their wages for the past eight months.Hearing the contempt petition filed by the Parcel Porters Sanghatana (PPS) in July 2012 on Tuesday, Justice P B Varale expressed displeasure over SECR's dilly-dallying tactics in paying wages to the beleaguered porters. The court asked the railways to deposit Rs 10 lakh for the payment of wages, but the officials agreed to deposit Rs 5 lakh, a fact which SECR officials deny.Justice Varale directed the SECR to follow the orders that had been issued on April 10, 2012 by Justice M N Gilani directing it to provide relief to the porters by paying wages under Section 17-B of the Industrial Dispute Act (IDA) 1947, till the pendency of the matter.IDA's section 17B states \"where in any case, a labour court or tribunal directs reinstatement of any workman and employer prefers any proceedings against such award in a high court or Supreme Court, the employer shall be liable to pay full wages last drawn by the workman during the pendency of such proceedings in the courts.\"In 2010, the Central Government Industrial Tribunal (CGIT) had twice directed the railways to regularize service of these parcel porters.The contempt petition was filed against SECR general manager Arunendra Kumar, Bilaspur, and senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM) Pradeep Kumar.When contacted, Pradeep Kumar said that the railways has not given any commitment to pay wages to the porters. The court order is under examination by the higher officials at the headquarters in Bilaspur. \"We are planning to move the Supreme Court,\" he added.However, counsel for SECR Nitin Lambat said that the court agreed to railways readiness to deposit Rs 5 lakh, even as a special leave petition (SLP) will be filed in the Supreme Court.On the contrary, Rajesh Supatkar, general secretary of the sanghatana, said that the SECR officials agreed to deposit the amount only after the court warned them of dire consequences. As per the Minimum Wages Act, the pending wages to around 152 porters for the past 8 months amounts to roughly Rs 10 lakh.Supatkar alleged that SECR is not only violating court orders but also flouting Railway Board directives issued in 1983, which state that railways should take immediate steps to ensure that retrenchment provisions of Industrial Dispute Act are strictly complied with and unnecessary litigation is avoided.\"We have been fighting it out for the past 15 years. Despite winning in CGIT and high court, SECR is buying time instead of honouring court orders,\" Supatkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163407", "title": "Lokayuktas want to watch over babus", "text": "NEW DELHI: Calling for the need to widen the definition of public functionary, the Lokayuktas have demanded that the bureaucracy be brought under their purview.\"Role of a secretary and a minister is so inextricably entwined that one does not know where one ends and the other begins. Two different inquiries on the same transaction by different agencies can result in waste of time and possibly a conflicting finding,\" said Delhi Lokayukta Justice Manmohan Sarin at the 11th All India Lokayukta Conference last week.In Delhi, IAS officers, police and DDA are specifically kept outside the ambit of Lokayukta.The recommendations also seek that the Lokayuktas be vested with the powers of search and seizure, to initiate contempt proceedings and ensure their administrative and financial autonomy.Sixteen Lokayuktas also claimed that the anti-corruption body be made the nodal agency for receiving all corruption and maladministration complaints and requested the Centre that these be conferred jurisdiction over the probe agencies at the state level. Lokayuktas should have the power to send the complaints to the appropriate authority.The conference also felt NGOs getting government funds should be brought under the purview of Lokayuktas.Sarin has also written to Union law minister Ashwini Kumar and Delhi law minister Ramakant Goswami about the recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164923", "title": "Vijayakanth appears in court", "text": "CHENNAI: DMDK founder president Vijayakanth on Friday appeared before a Tambaram magistrate's court in connection with a case of assault filed against him by a journalistaftera fracas at Chennai airport.As per the conditions laid by the Madras high court while granting him anticipatory bail in the case, the actor-politician had to appear before the Alandur magistrate court, but the magistrate was on leave. So he presented himself before Tambaram judicial magistrate P V Sandilyan who was holding additional charge.Vijayakanth spent more than an hour at the court to complete the formalities. Two sureties, each amounting to 1 lakh, were executed and filed before the court.The court instructed Vijayakanth to cooperate with the police investigation. Anagai Murugesan, a DMDK MLA, had also been arrested in the same case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17164687", "title": "'Poetry from exile'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The pain of Tibetans in-exile and their yearning for freedom echoed in the Panjab University campus in Chandigarh on Friday, when Tenzin Tsundue, 31, Dharamshala-based writer and activist, recited poems that moved his audience. Tsundue was here on the invitation of a students' discussion forum of PU to attend \" Poetry from exile\". He touched upon the traumatic experience of Tibetans, who were tortured, put in jail and had to flee from their own motherland.\"We are suffering for the last many years. Our people try to initiate dialogue but China is not at all responsive. I'm trying to highlight to actual plight of our brothers and sisters through my writings. Though my writings are banned in Tibet , we have still been able to spread them through various channels,\" Tsundue told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17164483", "title": "Robert Vadra firms violated Rajasthan land Act: BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: Companies owned by Congress supremo Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra violated Rajasthan's land ceiling Act by acquiring more than 10,000 bigha land in the state's solar park zone of Bikaner-Jaisalmer region, the BJP alleged on Friday.The opposition party also accused the Ashok Gehlot government of failing to inform the income tax department about the unusually high number of land transactions in the region within a span of few months. This was done to avoid a probe into the source of funding , the BJP alleged.BJP national secretary Kirit Somaiya said the Rajasthan Imposition of Ceiling on Agricultural Holdings Act, 1973, required private companies to seek permission from the state for buying large agricultural holdings and also disclose the purpose of buying the land.\"But Vadra's companies neither sought the government permission nor disclosed the purpose of acquiring such a large volume of land. This is violation of the Act's sections 4 and 17,\" Somaiya told reporters.The BJP leader asked if Vadra's companies were into the real estate business. \"The Act prohibits private companies from creating land banks for the purpose of trading in land,\" Somaiya claimed. \"As per the Act, private companies can be allowed to buy agricultural land for setting up an industrial plant or a project, but the Gehlot government helped Vadra's companies create a land bank. Now any company that wants to set up a solar plant in the region has no option but to buy land from Vadra's companies\" he alleged.Daring chief minister Gehlot to come clean on the fresh charges, the BJP national secretary alleged the Act was even amended to suit Vadra's interests. He, however, refrained from disclosing what amendments were introduced and when. Gehlot government, though, got an amendment in section 17 passed in the state assembly without a discussion in September 2010, its gazette notification is yet to be verified.Somaiya repeated that the Non-Conventional Energy Ministry at the Centre and the Gehlot government at the state helped Vadra's companies to buy land in the solar park zone between 2010-11 and 2011-12. \"The solar energy policy was held back from 2009 to November 2011 until Vadra's companies had bought most of the prime land in the region,\" he alleged.The BJP leader claimed that the agricultural fields were bought by Vadra's companies for Rs 10,000 per hectare three years ago and are now being sold around Rs 6.72 lakh per hectare. \"The land prices have appreciated by 60 times in just three years,\" Somaiya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164398", "title": "UP govt seeks details of criminal cases against Varun", "text": "LUCKNOW: On the request of BJP MP Varun Gandhi , the Uttar Pradesh government has written to the Pilibhit district administration seeking details of the criminal cases lodged against him. Varun represents Pilibhit in Lok Sabha and was booked under National Security Act for his alleged inflammatory speeches during the 2009 Lok Sabha election campaign. Varun had requested the state government in September to withdraw criminal cases against him including charges of creating enmity between people on religious grounds, committing malicious acts to cause outrage by insulting religion, and attempt to murder.The police have filed charge-sheets in all three cases.The Pilibhit MP, however, has claimed that the CDs of his public meetings in which he allegedly made inflammatory speeches are doctored.Two FIRs against Varun were lodged at Barkhera police station for allegedly delivering inflammatory speeches and the third FIR was in connection with the violence when he was taken to jail after his surrender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17165682", "title": "Jharkhand Mukti Morcha natural ally: Congress", "text": "RANCHI: The Congress is ready to take advantage of the turmoil in the BJP-led ruling alliance in Jharkhand. The main opposition party, which has been criticizing the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) for poor pace of development in the state, is now saying Shibu Soren's party is its natural ally and is ready to join hands with him the moment it breaks the alliance with the saffron party.Blaming the Arjun Munda-led government for corruption and poor pace of development, the Congress leaders said Jharkhand needed a new government which cared about the welfare of the people.State Congress spokesperson Sailesh Sinha said: \"Even after being in alliance with the BJP in the state, the JMM is a partner of the UPA at the Centre. We have also been partners in the state in the past. If the JMM is not feeling comfortable or feels betrayed by the BJP, it should end the alliance and join hands with secular forces. We are the natural ally and will do justice to the people of the state.\"A senior member of the Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee (JPCC) said the party leaders were confident of forming a stable government because the Congress-JMM alliance has support of all \"secular\" legislators including the independents. The Congress and the JMM has 13 and 18 legislators in the assembly. The Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD), which has five MLAs, is also a part of the UPA at the Centre.\"We have the support of 44 MLAs, including some independents, who are now supporting the Munda government. The moment the JMM ends ties with the BJP, we will meet the governor and stake claim,\" said the JPCC leader as the party also wants to save the state from President's Rule. For simple majority, an alliance needs 42 votes in the 81-member assembly.He hinted at the fact that the Congress may not hesitate from being a part of the government led by the JMM as it is in the interest of the state. \"Former Union minister Subodh Kant Sahay is coming to Ranchi and will be in town for the next one week. He will meet all like-minded legislators and try to get their opinions on the political development and how the state can move forward on the road of development,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17164058", "title": "Temple turns into anganwadi for 3hrs", "text": "BANGALORE: In Azad Nagar ward, whose corporator was raided on Friday by Lokayukta, children are packed together in a temple which doubles as an anganwadi.The anganwadi, started in 2008, is located adjacent to a stinking storm water drain on Kumbaragundi main road in South Bangalore. Here, over 30 children in the 3-4 age group play, eat and learn the alphabet in the 10X10 sqft space of the temple. They sit next to the deity during study hours, and play hide-and-seek, sharing the tiny space with a huge banyan tree.Children from the lower economic strata are sent here for basic schooling. The centre functions only after the puja is done, by 10.15am. On Saturday, when a special puja is conducted, it opens only after 11am. As there is no toilet, the centre functions for only three hours.The location defeats the very purpose of an anganwadi, which is a government-sponsored centre for the development of children and women.Hemavathi, who works as a helper and gives the children basic lessons, related the problems. \"There is no space to cook here. The groceries and fuel are given to me and I prepare food for the children at my house and pack it for school every day. Till we shift to a better place, I have to make do with these arrangements,'' she said.Repeated pleas to the corporator to shift the centre failed to yield any response.Parents are unhappy with the location and the authorities' cold response. \"At one meeting, we brought this issue to the notice of the corporator and sought a bigger and better place. As there is no toilet, children are sent home if they have to relieve themselves. The teachers are good and teach well, but children can hardly move about here,'' said Sunanda Shantharaju, who sends her four-year-old son Sumanth here.\"The room is so small the children don't have elbow room and can hardly move about. There is also a huge banyan tree in the middle which occupies a lot of space. We plan to change our residence and I'll put my son in a good school,\" said Sujatha Mahesh, whose three-year-old son Harsha studies here.Chikkarajaiah Rachegowda, a tailor who lives in the vicinity, said: \"We met Gowramma, the corporator, and apprised her of the problem. She did not respond.''CORPORATOR KEEPS MUMWhen contacted, Gowramma, whose house in Azad Nagar was raided on Friday, refused to speak. Her husband C Govindaraju said they were aware of the problem. \"There is no BBMP land available in the ward. I'll see if a classroom in a government school can be given for the anganwadi,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17165707", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSpot test gave false positive in 39% cases\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PUNE: The accuracy of spot test/rapid kit test, carried out to confirm dengue infection, has come under scanner, as an analysis done by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has revealed that in 39% cases, the spot tests had reported false positive when actually the person was not infected with dengue.\"We had sent 49 blood samples to state-run Sassoon Hospital for tests. The samples were earlier confirmed positive for dengue infection by private hospitals that used spot tests. At Sasoon, 19 samples tested negative when put through advanced diagnostic methods such as Elisa,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.Elaborating, Vaishali Jadhav, head of insect control department, PMC, said, \"Most people reporting positive for dengue infection from private hospital have undergone spot test or rapid kit test rather than the highly reliable and advanced Elisa test. This led us to carry out an assessment.\"The officials collected blood samples of patients, who tested positive through spot test/rapid kit test from private hospitals, and sent them to Sassoon hospital the same day. \"Among the 49 samples tested at Sassoon, 19 tested negative for dengue infection,\" Jadhav said.Of the 49 samples, most were tested for dengue antigen test, medically known as NS1 antigen test, at private hospitals. NS1 antigen test is done during the first four days of illness.TOI had earlier reported how the NS1 antigen test has inflated dengue infection figure this year, as most of the reports collated from private hospitals comprise mostly of NS1 dengue cases. Besides, the number of reported dengue cases has gone up considerably since the PMC's health department started collating data from private hospitals this year. Earlier, the PMC would collect the data only from Sassoon hospital and PMC-run hospitals.\"There is no denying that NS1 antigen tests done through spot test/rapid kit test are low in specificity and sensitivity, which would show false positive and false negative dengue cases,\" V D Khanande, joint director, state health services, had told in an earlier interview.Elisa takes about four to six hours, whereas rapid test/spot takes only 15 minutes to half an hour. \"Many a time, when patients report to hospitals late in the night, doctors prefer to conduct rapid kit test due to the speed and simplicity with which it immediately gives out the result. This gives baseline diagnosis to the doctor and he/she can later confirm with Elisa technique, which has a higher specificity and sensitivity. Besides, correlation with clinical and haemogram findings is of utmost importance,\" said pathologist Awanti Golwailkar-Mehendale of Golwilkar Metropolis.\"Many hospitals use rapid kits. Some of these kits are not approved by the country they are manufactured in, but they are marketed in India,\" said senior scientist Cecilia Dayaraj, head, dengue group at National Institute of virology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17162860", "title": "TRS vows to intensify Telangana-stir", "text": "HYDERABAD: The TRS is going ahead with its plans to launch a massive agitation in support of its separate state demand and it is slated to peak with the Telangana bandh on December 9, the third anniversary of the day when the UPA government announced the process for creating Telangana but made an about-turn 14 days later.To mark the beginning of the agitation, a public rally named 'Telangana Samara Bheri, (Telangana War Drum) is to be organised at Suryapet in Nalgonda district on November 23. After that, TRS supremo KCR is to embark on a tour programme across Telangana which has been titled 'Palle Baata. This tour has been timed to begin on November 29, the day in 2009 when KCR began his fast-unto-death in support of Telangana and to express solidarity with their leader, TRS cadres are to sit on a relay hunger strike on that day.Meanwhile, the TRS has reportedly persuaded the Telangana Political JAC to put off the steering committee meeting that was earlier scheduled to be held on Saturday. According to sources, this happened after KCR's son and party MLA K Taraka Rama Rao telephoned TJAC chairman M Kodandaram late on Thursday night and made a request to that effect.\"While we were preparing for the steering committee meeting, KTR called our chairman and conveyed to him that KCR wanted to discuss certain issues before going for the official meeting. Therefore, the meeting stands postponed for now,\" said Swamy Goud, convener of TJAC.The TRS, BJP and New Democratic Party are the political parties that are part of the TJAC and had been invited for the steering committee meeting to chart out plans for taking the Telangana movement forward. However, the presence of its ally-turned-foe BJP in TJAC has become an irritant for KCR, especially after the saffron party handed an upset defeat to his party in the Mahbubnagar assembly bypoll held in March this year. The shocking debacle also created a rift between KCR and Kodandaram as the former surmised the TJAC extended undue support to BJP in the bypoll.\"KCR wants the Telangana movement to be under TRS leadership, and does not want TJAC to take the lead position. And he is not in favour of sharing any common platform with the BJP on any issue, so he doesn't want the steering committee to happen before the things are clear on this,\" said a TRS leader.While a much-awaited meeting between KCR and Kodandaram is yet to take place, Katti Venakataswamy, a co-convener of TJAC, who is officially liaising between the two leaders, said, \" KCR and Kodandaram will meet shortly, following which the steering committee meeting will be re-scheduled.\"As there are certain issues to be addressed, the major difference that cropped up between TRS and TJAC is about the mode of protest to be staged on December 9. While the TRS wants to give a bandh call on the day, the TJAC is of the opinion that it must be observed as a victory day as it marked a breakthrough for Telangana. A TJAC leader said the differences would be ironed out when the two leaders meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167043", "title": "Anushka - Arjun get closer, upset Parineeti", "text": "In an interview to TOI on November 5, Anushka Sharma claimed she was \"single and happy\". Looks like she was only partially being true. While she is surely \"happy\" we learnt that the reason behind her bliss is a budding relationship with Arjun Kapoor. And this has upset Parineeti Chopra a little.The two YRF proteges, though yet to sign on a film together, have been quite close for a while now. Over the months, even before Ishaqzaade hit the theatres, Anushka and Arjun were spotted at a suburban theatre. The occurrences sveem to have become more frequent now. They were also spotted dining at a Bandra hotspot recently.According to sources, though the two had been good friends , Anushka was undecided about her relationship with Arjun with too much happening between her and Ranveer Singh. And it was only recently that their friendship blossomed into something more special.Interestingly, this new liaison has upset YRF's latest sweetheart Parineeti.Apparently, Priyanka's cousin had been rather fond of Arjun since their Ishaqzaade days. Needless to say, she isn't too cordial with Anushka these days.\"Parineeti and Anushka barely talk to each other. Parineeti was very fond of Arjun before Anushka came into his life. Arjun reciprocated Parineeti's feelings to an extent but somehow their equation fizzled out,\" said a source.MeanwhileParineeti gets a reel heroParineeti has got herself a hero albeit for the camera. After dropping Shahid Kapoor from his next with Yash Raj Films, Maneesh Sharma has finalised his male lead. Apparently, after a lot of thinking, the makers have decided to go with a young and fresh talent, namely Sushant Singh Rajput.A source told TOI, \"After the Shahid controversy, Maneesh didn't waste any time. He started brainstorming on various actors' names and eventually decided to go with a relatively new face. Someone recommended Sushant's name and he asked his team to arrange the meeting.\"Sushant who has wrapped up the shoot of Abhishek Kapoor's Kai Po Che and has also signed Raj Kumar Hirani's P.K, remained unavailable for comment.Parineeti had been finalised as one of the two leading ladies in Maneesh Sharma's next with Yash Raj Films months back. \"The other girl is most likely going to be a new face too.The film will go on floors by the end of this year,\" said a source close to the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17165568", "title": "Well prepared, Chowk bazaar awaits buyers", "text": "BHOPAL: As the city moved to malls for Diwali shopping, the traditional Chowk bazaar, once the busiest shopping hub, waits for customers.This Diwali, the shopkeepers have made special arrangements for the people , said Bhopal vastra Vyavsai Sangh representative Neeraj Bansal while talking to reporters on Friday.\" We have ensured proper parking facility in the bazaar, we have laid carpets to welcome out patrons and we would have chairs for the customers in every shop so that they can sit and enjoy shopping in the traditional market.\"He said that guards have been deployed on the entry and exit points of the market to ensure that unwanted vehicles don't enter the market creating inconvenience for the customers.From November 9 to 14, the Chowk would be an entirely different place for the shoppers as it would be illuminated especially for the occasion, he said adding, \"We understand of late there has been a lot of inconvenience for the customers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17164186", "title": "Sonowal made new Assam BJP president", "text": "GUWAHATI: Former Aasu president Sarbananda Sonowal , known for being instrumental as a petitioner in the scrapping of the controversial IM(DT) Act in the Supreme Court, was on Friday appointed by the BJP central leadership as the president of the state unit of the party.Sonowal, who is also a former MLA from Moran and former MP from Dibrugarh Lok Sabha constituency representing the AGP, replaced Ranjit Dutta in the top post of the party in the state. \"Outgoing president Ranjit Dutta has resigned on health grounds,\" state BJP spokesman Santanu Bharali said.Sonowal told TOI, \"My priorities include protection of the indigenous people on all fronts, besides working for all-round development of the state as well as the society.\" His appointment as the party president of the state unit is in line with the common practice among political parties these days to opt for young leaders. This is the first time that the saffron party, which is known to have suffered a leadership crisis in the state in the past, is banking on one among the young brigade.He thanked BJP's national leadership for resting their trust in him. \"I wish to express my gratitude to our party MPs and MLAs in the state for giving me this opportunity to serve the people of the state,\" he said.Sonowal was the president of Aasu for two consecutive terms between 1992 and 1999. He was also the president of the North East Students Organization (Neso), the umbrella student organization spread across the seven northeastern states. Ending his involvement in student organizations, he joined AGP in 1999 and later switched over to BJP in 2011.It was in 2005 that Sonowal filed a petition in the Supreme Court challenging the IM(DT) Act enacted in 1983 for detection and deportation of illegal migrants in the state. The apex court on July 12, 2005 scrapped the act saying it had created hurdles in identification and deportation of illegal migrants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164680", "title": "Flyover projects hit roadblock", "text": "CHENNAI: Two of the seven flyovers proposed by the Chennai Corporation have hit roadblocks. The government is struggling to rope in a consultant to study the feasibility of joining and extending the Usman Road flyovers to Anna Salai, and the flyover connecting Bharathi Salai and the Royapettah Clock Tower junction has been dropped because of traffic diversions due to metro rail work.Officals said Tamil Nadu Urban Infrastructure Financial Services Ltd ( TNUFSIL) planned to issue another tender for a consultant for the integrated flyover that will connect South Usman Road and Anna Salai. The infrastructure finance service provider hopes to hire a consultant at a reasonable rate for the project feasibility study, which will ease congestion in the commercial hub.But officials are sceptical that a competent consultant can be found for the study at the normal rate of 1% of the total cost. \"TNUFSIL officials said they had floated tenders in late September for a consultant, but firms quoted as much as 2 crore for the report,\" said a Chennai Corporation official. \"They found this too high for a project in its initial stages.\"The new flyover was designed to join both the Usman Road flyovers and connect them directly to Anna Salai. The corporation had decided to remove the entry and exit ramps of both flyovers and retain the middle of structures. If this was not feasible, the civic body planned to extend at least the South Usman Road flyover till Anna Salai.Residents welcomed the decision, as the flyovers failed to reduce traffic jam. \"The South Usman Road flyover ends before the bus terminus, which is already congested. The North Usman Road flyover does not give vehicles any room on the service lanes,\" said V S Jayaraman, president of Motilal Street Residents Welfare Association. The government has also decided to drop the plan to build a flyover from Bharathi Salai to Royapettah Clock Tower junction. \"The route from General Patters Road, via Whites Road and Bharathi Salai is the main diversion for vehicles due to me- tro rail work on Anna Salai. We cannot start the project till the diversion is lifted, which could take more than two years,\" a corporation official said.Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said the project had been postponed. He said feasibility studies were in progress on flyovers at Adhithanar Salai, Pantheon Road and Dr Rukmani Lakshmipathy Road junction; College Road, Sterling Road and Valluvar Kottam High Road Junction; Arcot Salai, Saligramam and KK Nagar 80 Feet Road junction; Mandaiveli junction near Mandaiveli Bus Stand; and Gandhi Mandapam Salai and Ponniamman Koil Salai junction at Kotturpuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17164120", "title": "Numaligarh Refinery Limited observes Vigilance Week", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Numaligarh Refinery Limited (NRL) observed Vigilance Awareness Week, 2012 from October 29 to November 3 with directives from the Central Vigilance Commission. The theme for Vigilance Week was \"transparency in public procurement\".The observance of Vigilance Week in NRL commenced with a pledge-taking ceremony on October 29 in the presence of N Bhakta, director ( Finance ), SR Medhi, director (Technical) and other employees of the organization. Awareness activities like display of posters and banners, slogan and essay competitions among NRL and CISF employees and their spouses, invitation of suggestion from employees for improvement of systems and procedures and vigilance interaction session were also organized to mark the occasion.The main function of Vigilance week was held on November 2 at the refinery, which was presided over by Dipak Chakravarty, the MD of NRL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17164272", "title": "CBI files chargesheet in ITDC-hoteliers nexus case ITDC case: CBI files chargesheet", "text": "KOCHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) filed a chargesheet in the ITDC-hoteliers nexus case on Friday. India Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC) had illegally awarded star ratings to eight hotels in the state last year.Apart from arraigning two ITDC officials - Velumurugan and Sabu-as accused in the chargesheet, the CBI also included industrialist V M Radhakrishnan as accused. \"We have filed the first chargesheet. Supplementary chargesheet will be filed in due course of investigation,\" CBI officers said.According to CBI, the agency's Kochi unit unearthed the nexus after they raided ITDC's office and found that officials had accepted huge amounts as bribe from hoteliers.The team also seized Rs 4.5 lakh from ITDC's Willingdon Island office and Rs 3.5 lakh from the residence of an arrested official.The officials, who were arrested by CBI, had allegedly helped the hoteliers to get bar licence from the state excise department.Industrialist VM Radhakrishnan, alias Chakku Radhakrishnan, was included as the accused after three hotels owned by him got star ratings.The hoteliers colluded with the ITDC officials as the star ratings would help them get bar licence easily. The CBI officials also raided the hotels and seized several documents. In its probe, the CBI had found that majority of the hotels were from Malabar region. The CBI had also send a recommendation to the state government to look into the activities of the tourism department which usually forwards the list of hotels to be cleared by the ITDC. The files pertaining to the hotels were first cleared by a state committee comprising members of the state tourism departmentKOCHI:The CBI on Friday filed charge sheet in the case in which India Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC) had illegally awarded star ratings to eight hotels in the state. Apart from arraigning two ITDC officials - Velumurugan and Sabu-as accused in the chargesheet, the CBI also included industrialist V M Radhakrishnan as accused.\"We have filed the first charge sheet. Supplementary chargesheet will be filed in due course of investigation,\" the CBI officials said.According to the CBI, the ITDC officials have awarded star ratings to eight hotels in the state after accepting bribes. The Kochi unit of the CBI had allegedly unearthed a nexus between ITDC officials and the hoteliers after they raided the ITDC office and found that ITDC officials had accepted huge amounts as bribe from these hoteliers for awarding the star ratings to the eight hotels illegally.The CBI team also seized an unaccounted Rs 4.5 lakh from the ITDC office at Willingdon Island and Rs 3.5 lakh from the residence of an arrested official.The officials arrested by the CBI had allegedly colluded with these hoteliers to help them get bar licence from the state excise department. Industrialist VM Radhakrishnan alias Chakku Radhakrishnan was included as the accused after three hotels owned by him got star ratings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17165069", "title": "TV reporter's bail plea hearing deferred", "text": "MANGALORE: The bail application filed by Naveen Soorinje, a private Kannada TV channel reporter, who was arrested in connection with homestay attack case, has been deferred for argument on Tuesday. Advocate Sathish Bantwal filed the bail application before III JMFC on behalf of Naveen on Thursday.Investigating officer and assistant commissioner of police TR Jagannath also submitted the investigation report before the court on Friday. Advocate Sathish argued pleading bail for Naveen. The hearing has been deferred for the counter argument by assistant public pleader.Political leaders condemn arrestCondemning the arrest of Naveen, JD(S) state spokesperson YSV Datta said that the episode exposes the \"evil face'' of the BJP government.\"It is part of conspiracy of BJP government that Naveen has been denied anticipatory bail. Though an anticipatory bail application was submitted at the district and sessions court, the same could not be heard as the investigating officer did not file the investigation report. Coastal and Malnad regions have been made a fertile land for fundamental organizations to carry out their hooliganism under BJP's regime,\" he criticized.He alleged that the police is trying to destroy evidence by converting Naveen, a prime witness of the homestay attack, into an accused. \"We will hold a massive awareness campaign against fundamentalist activities in the region,\" he added.District Congress president B Ramanatha Rai visited Naveen at the jail on Friday. He said that the government and the police have arrested Naveen with malicious intention. \"Police, instead of appreciating the efforts of Naveen, who exposed the hooliganism of Sangh Parivar, have gone to the extent of arresting him. It is a part of the BJP government's policy against the Fourth Estate,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17162775", "title": "11 Darsgah-Jihad-O-Shahadat activists arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths nabbed 11 Darsgah-Jihad-O-Shahadat (DJS) activists who indulged in violence in Old City recently. The sleuths of the South Zone Task Force arrested DJS president MA Majid, and 10 of his associates including Mohammed Bin Omer, Shafiz and Shahad from their houses on Friday morning. Task Force personnel said they picked up the DJS activists in connection with the recent incidents of stone pelting and assault of policemenin Old City. \"We have handed them over to law and order police for further investigation,\" Task Force additional DCP P Rameshaiah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17162665", "title": "BEST worker killed in acccident", "text": "A BEST employee has been arrested for mowing down a conservancy worker inside a depot at Goregaon on Thursday. The accused, Prakash Salunke, is a bus shunter who drives empty buses within depots and from one depot to another. The accident occurred near the watering shed. The deceased, Kiran Susvirkar (50), was cleaning the premises when Salunke reversed the bus, crushing Susvirkar. Susvirkar is a Charkop resident.\"Salunke got into a bus and began reversing it. He did not spot Susvirkar standing behind the vehicle. Susvirkar was crushed beneath the rear tyre of the bus and sustained serious injuries,\" the police said. He was rushed to hospital where he was declared dead on arrival.said senior inspector Arun Jadhav, Goregaon police station. Susvirkar was rushed to the Bhagwati Hospital at Borivali by his colleagues. But he was declared dea on arrival. One of his colleagues, Manoj Jadhav, 35, who had witnessed the accident, lodged a complaint against Salunke with the Goregaon police.A medical examination revealed that Salunke wasn't drunk. He was booked under section 304 (A) of the IPC for 'causing death due to negligence' and produced before a local court on Thursday. A senior BEST official told TOI that there was negligence on part of the bus shunter, prima facie, as he had not followed proper guidelines whiles reversing the bus at the depot.\"The shunter is supposed to take assistance of a bellman, who rings the bell and checks for any obstruction when the bus is reversing. But Salunke reversed the bus without a bellman's help and ran the bus over the conservancy worker,'' the official said. The BEST will conduct a detailed inquiry and will be suspending Salunke. The official further said that shunters are not regular drivers and they don't drive around passengers in BEST buses.In a separate accident, a teenaged girl suffered a leg fracture after a truck brushed her at Gorai on Friday afternoon. Sangeeta Chaudhary, the victim, was speaking on her phone when the truck came up behind her. The driver honked repeatedly which startled Chaudhary and she stood rooted to the spot out of confusion. \"Initially, Chaudhary told us that she lost her balance and fell on the road, startled with the honking. We fined the truck driver.But late on Friday, she gave a statement that the truck had brushed her, causing her to fall and fracture her leg. She is hospitalized but out of danger. We then lodged an offence of rash driving against the truck driver,\" said an official from the Borivali police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17164265", "title": "BSF, BGB meet on illegal migrants, rebels' issue", "text": "SHILLONG: The Border Security Force (BSF) has urged the Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) to take action against Indian insurgents like GNLA, Ulfa, HNLC, NDFB and NLFT holed up in Bangladesh. The issue was raised at the border co-ordination meeting held between the two forces in Bangladesh's Sylhet November 5 to 8.The Indian delegation was led by Sudesh Kumar, IG Meghalaya Frontier, while the Bangladeshi delegation was led by Brigadier General Abu Sayeed Khan, deputy director general of BGB. Other top officials of the two frontier forces and home ministry officials were present at the deliberations.\"IG BSF requested DDG BGB to take effective measures to stop illegal migration of Bangladeshi nationals, prevention of trans-border crimes and stringent action against Indian insurgent groups, whose camps still exist in Bangladesh,\" a BSF spokesperson said.\"The discussion also focused on human trafficking, drugs, fake currency, arms smuggling and smuggling of forest produce and cattle. There needs to be greater cooperation, understanding and synergy among the two forces to make the life of the border population secure,\" the spokesman added.\"The BSF emphasized on attacks and assaults on BSF personnel and unarmed Indian civilians by Bangladeshi criminals,\" the officer said.\"The other issues discussed were follow-up action on the coordinated border management plan signed between BSF and BGB on July 30, 2011 during the Indian home minister's visit to Dhaka, sharing of actionable intelligence, fencing within 150 yards and confidence building measures,\" the BSF said.\"The BGB delegation raised issues regarding firing on Bangladeshi nationals by Indians, kidnapping and apprehension of Bangladeshi nationals, illegal trespassing by Indian nationals into Bangladeshi territory, smuggling of various types of narcotics from India to Bangladesh,\" a BSF release read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17162276", "title": "Rival IOA camps show their strength", "text": "BANGALORE: The battle to grab power in the Indian Olympic Association ( IOA) further warmed up with the camps of Abhay Singh Chautala and Randhir Singh , the two aspirants of the president's post, shepherding their flock and taking pot shots at their opponents. The appeal by Randhir to the members of the electoral college to rise above 'petty politics' led to the Chautala camp repeatedly reminding Randhir why he went back on his word that he will not contest elections.Following the show of support by officials controlling badminton, wrestling and weightlifting, eight more federations including swimming and squash have lined up behind Chautala.On the other side, Randhir got public support from five federations including shooting and kabaddi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17162718", "title": "Man collapses while talking to CID, dies", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Nellore-based realtor who had received threat calls from gangster Bhanu Kiran collapsed suddenly while his statement was being recorded by officials of the Crime Investigation Department (CID) in connection with an extortion case. Later, he died while undergoing cardiac surgery on Friday.CID officials said that Sham, 47, had been summoned to the CID office on Thursday. \"He collapsed while his statement was being recorded. We immediately shifted him to Global Hospital and later to Star Hospital where he died while undergoing heart surgery,\" additional director general of police (CID), SV Ramanamurthy, told TOI.Police said Sham had a history of heart ailment.Sham had approached CID officials several months back to lodge a complaint against Bhanu, who had allegedly extorted money from him.Initially, there were reports that Sham had died in CID custody but police have clarified that he passed away while undergoing surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163810", "title": "'Research will regress due to GM trial ban'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposing the Supreme Court-constituted Technical Expert Committee's recommendation for a 10-year moratorium on field trials of genetically modified food crops, the Union government on Friday said if accepted, the move could set India back by two decades in terms of scientific research.Sounding the grave warning, the agriculture and environment ministries through attorney general G E Vahanvati said, \"A 10-year moratorium on GM crop trials will be a blow to Indian science as it would put the country 20 years back in scientific research in comparison to fast growing economies who are developing GM crops like Brazil and China.\"The Centre added, \"A ban on GM crop field trials will be highly detrimental and not in the national interest. Adoption of the interim recommendations of the TEC will bring to a halt the process of testing/assessment of the safety of GM crops. The entire working of the regulatory agencies, the research activities on GM crops and in turn the need of the country to realize the potential benefit of modern biotechnology in terms of food security would come to a virtual halt if moratorium/ban is imposed on field trials of GM crops.\"Vahanvati reminded the court that because of this reason, the court had on May 8, 2007, lifted the temporary ban on field trials by its September 22, 2006, order.Petitioners Aruna Rodrigues and NGO 'Gene Campaign' pitched for acceptance of the TEC's interim report and implementation of the moratorium on the ground that unless \"precautionary principle\" was applied in this case, grave and irreversible pollution of indigenous gene pool of food crops would take place, wiping out world renowned Indian agri-brands like basmati rice.But the Union government found support from the industry in arguing for GM crops. The Centre, in its affidavit, said a moratorium on field trials of GM crops would have cascading implications.\"The country will fail to attract scientific talent from the younger generations in the absence of opportunity. Over a period of time, lack of expertise in a critical area such as food security will set India back by 30-40 years,\" it said.Following the arguments for and against implementation of the moratorium, a bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and S J Mukhopadhaya referred the objections to the interim report back to the TEC and asked the expert body to consider them in detail and give a final report to the court in six weeks.The Union government said the TEC, before giving its interim report, had not properly considered its objections and even accused the expert group of exceeding its terms of reference while giving its conclusions and recommendations.It said Indian farmers and the Indian economy would be the biggest losers if GM crop field trials were stalled. If this happened, India would be forced to import technology by paying much higher price due to lack of its partnership in the Intellectual Property Rights and by losing out on the human resource development required for being in the race for global technology development which is essential for maintaining the superiority of nations, the Centre said.\"In biotechnology and genetics, the principle science behind GM crops, India has done exceedingly well in investing in HRD, education and training since 1986 with the establishment of the Department of Biotechnology, the first country to do so,\" it said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17164995", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTake a look at our rly station, Mr minister\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: They say charity begins at home. As Union railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal comes home on Saturday, city residents are expecting a Diwali bonanza from him. TOI draws up the wish list of railway passengers from the city.Inadequate parking Parking has been an acute trouble for passengers and their relatives at Chandigarh railway station. During the arrival and departure of prominent trains from the station, vehicles are parked in haphazard manner as the parking space is too narrow.Congested road The road that connects the entry and exit points of the station to the main road is too congested. Rickshaw pullers, auto-rickshaws and passengers' relatives park their cars on the road, leading to traffic chaos.No pre-paid taxi booth The railway station does not even have a pre-paid taxi booth, which was functional here around three years ago before being closed due to a rift between Chandigarh traffic police and railway authorities. After an arduous journey, the passengers have to put up with rude auto drivers and pay exorbitant fares.Poor sanitation It is being said the railway station will be upgraded to world class standards, but the scenario o f sanitation facilities at the station tell a different tale. While heaps of soil and garbage give it an ugly look, the broken roads around the station present a disrespectful picture to any visitor to the city.Uncomfortable waiting halls The waiting halls are too small with few chairs for passengers. The other basic facilities on the platform are also not up to the mark. Many of the chairs on platforms are broken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17165068", "title": "Couple driven to suicide by 'extreme poverty'", "text": "GARHWA: A couple struggling to cope with extreme poverty, committed suicide at Peshka village under Meral police station area on Thursday, police said.The deceased have been identified as Kirshna Kumar Chaubey (45) and his wife Reema Devi (36). Sources in the police department said that poverty had made life miserable for the couple since the past three months.The elder daughter of the deceased, Vridhi Chaubey, who was in the neighborhood when the incident occurred said that her two younger sisters and a brother were in school at that time. They returned to find the door of the house locked from inside. When nobody opened the door even after repeated knocks, the children called the villagers who broke open the door. They found their father's body hanging from a rope while the mother's body was lying on the ground. It is believed that Chaubey had first strangled his wife to death and then committed suicide by hanging himself.\"Though the reason behind the twin suicide could not be ascertained, extreme poverty might have been the reason behind the act,\" said Meral police station OC Chetnanand Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17163823", "title": "MP high court dismisses election plea against Kamal Nath", "text": "JABALPUR: Union minister and Chhindwara MP Kamal Nath got a respite on Thursday with MP high court dismissing the election petition filed against him by his rival candidate from the BJP Chandrabhanu Singh Chaudhary.Filed after the Parliament elections in 2009, the petition charged the minister with willful omission to disclose expenditure incurred during electioneering which according to him had exceeded the election commissions ceiling. Last hearing in the matter had taken place on August 31 when the presiding judge Justice K K Lahoti had reserved the judgment.Chaudhary had claimed that the estimate submitted before the EC by Kamal Nath did not provide the correct amount he had actually spent and also that it was full of misrepresentations and distortion. The minister, he contended, had spent Rs 58 lakh only on helicopters hired during his high profile campaign. The helicopters pressed into service for campaigning flew for at least two hours every day for 18 days, the petition alleged. The amount paid by the minister would total up well beyond the permissible limit of Rs 25 lakh, he added.However, in the estimate to the EC, Kamal Nath underplayed the issue and claimed to have used the services only for five hours which he said was misleading and false. Kamal Nath's counsel Vivek Tankha contended that since the company was like a family venture to Kamal Nath- owners being close family friends , his client had got a hefty concession and paid only Rs 5 lakh. Moreover, as the petitioner had raised no objection at the time when the estimate of the election expenses was submitted and accepted by the EC, he could not base the petition on this issue now.Pronouncing the judgment on last Thursday Justice Lahoti held the that the petitioner had failed to provide clinching evidence to back up the charges. Apart from unsubstantiated allegations, there was no material on record - receipts of rental etc- produced before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163502", "title": "Loba land row: Partha Chatterjee buys time, but stalemate continues", "text": "KOLKATA: The Loba Krishi Jami Raksha Committee met industries minister Partha Chatterjee on Friday to demand a judicial inquiry into the \"police firing\" and contest the chief minister's claim of an \"outsider hand\" in the violence.Chatterjee, who has all along insisted that police did not fire on the agitators at Birbhum's Loba village and that the government was unaware of the police operation, did not confront the delegation.Instead, he used the opportunity to claim that the agitators still reposed faith in the government since they had come to the assembly to meet him. The minister did not commit anything on their demands. He told the agitators that the government has ordered an administrative inquiry and they should wait for the report.\"They (the agitators) have reposed faith in the government. They want us to find a solution. It is a fact that our government was not involved in either fixing of land prices or other issues related to the project. It all happened in the Left regime. I will speak to the company officials again,\" Chatterjee told reporters later.The meeting came handy to the government to renew links with the agitators who are upset with the minister for cancelling his visit to Loba village the day after the violence. However, the conciliation process was less easy than what home secretary Basudeb Banerjee, and later chief minister Mamata Banerjee had claimed.The nine-member delegation made it clear on Friday that the agitation will continue and they will not allow DVC-Emta to shift the earth-moving equipment from the village. They stuck to their demand of judicial inquiry and insisted that the government prepare a \"wholesome rehabilitation package\", including compensation, livelihood and residence for everyone tied to the land.PDS leader Samir Putatunda, who was with the delegation, said: \"We are not anti-government. Our struggle is only for the interests of the villagers. We are willing to wait for the outcome of the inquiry. But our protests will continue for the sake of people.\"But even as Putatunda was saying this, committee president Felaram Mondal said that the \"police had indeed fired\". \"There was no outsider. Do we look like Maoists to you?\" he asked. \"We are not bothered about who said what. We were there. It was a spontaneous people's protest. This is a fact,\" he said.Mondal's statements are a rebuff not only to the chief minister's statement of \"outsiders' role\", but also to Chatterjee's insistence of Maoist involvement.Chatterjee did make an attempt later to reach out to them: \"The villagers aren't responsible for this untoward incident. They are our people.\"\"This is a struggle for survival. Eleven villages will be wiped out otherwise. The government should intervene for an acceptable compensation package,\" said committee secretary Joydeep Majumdar.There was more controversy earlier in the day when PDS leader Samir Putatunda was denied entry to assembly initially, prompting the entire delegation to stay away from the meeting. Urban development minister Firhad Hakim then personally stepped outside to take Putatunda in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17163121", "title": "Firecrackers create fear psychosis in animals: Animal activists", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite the potency of her name, two-year-old Tequila reacts to Diwali in the same fashion as the villagers of Ramgarh did to Gabbar Singh. Every time she hears the sound of firecrackers, the rescued stray shivers, hides under a chair or runs helter-skelter and refuses to eat or relieve herself. Last year, a few days before Diwali, when her owner Rajvi Mariwala took her out for a walk, she tore away from her leash, ran across the busy road and narrowly escaped being run over by a car.Such symptoms of trauma are routine for animals during Diwali. Canines\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho can hear about four times the distance of a human with normal hearing\u00e2\u20ac\u201dtend to drool, pant and run when they hear crackers going off. \"Firecrackers create a sort of fear psychosis which affects the health of animals,\" says Colonel Dr J C Khanna, secretary of the Bombay Society for Prevention of Cruelty To Animals (BSPCA). \"Male dogs flinch at sounds louder than 60 db and female dogs even lower \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 30 to 35 db. If you feed the animal in that state, it will vomit.\" Birds and cats too cower in fear and suffer serious stress problems \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Dr Khanna points out that the sound of explosions during 26/11 lead to the death of quite a few pigeons near the Gateway of India.Unable to cope with their pets' trauma, some owners find it best to leave town during this season. Businessman Sanjay Khatau takes his two-year-old German Shepherd to his farmhouse in Sanjan during festivals. \"This season is torturous for him. He starts whining, crying and refuses to go to the toilet even,\" says Khatau, who found it best to escape the noise altogether.As the first instinct of an animal is to cower or escape to a safer place, a door left ajar during Diwali could be dangerous. The festival season sees a rise in the number of runaway pets \u00e2\u20ac\u201d last year, Abodh Aras, CEO of Welfare of Stray Dogs, found a Dalmatian on Lamington Road that had run away from a Breach Candy home during Diwali. Even BSPCA's ward for ownerless animals has such runaways. That's why Aras thinks it best that \"owners attach a temporary tag around the dog's neck, mentioning their name and telephone number during this season\".Animal psychologists advise a number of ways to calm the pet. \"Keep your dog in a closed room and create a safe corner,\" says canine behaviourist Shirin Merchant. \"Put on the TV, fans and shut the windows, as the dogs tend to connect sight with sound too. Exposing the pet to the noise a week or two before the festival also helps, says canine counsellor Sreenivas Jakkani, who once observed that his German Shepherd, Rex, developed a rash on his back due to anxiety. Jakkani then downloaded a set of 20-second-long sounds of missiles, bursting tanks and firecrackers and kept playing them in a loop for not more than 45 minutes at a stretch.\"During the first few days, Rex would run up to the balcony and wonder where the sound was coming from,\" says Jakkani, who kept increasing the volume bit by bit. \"But after a point, he learnt to ignore the noise.\" Recently, Jakkani even put a pet Dalmatian brought in by an acquaintance through the same process for almost a week. \"He now sleeps blissfully through it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17163992", "title": "Sharad Yadav joins Katni farmers stir", "text": "JABALPUR: Farmer's agitation against the land acquisition by proposed Welspun power plant in Katni got a fresh impetus after Janata Dal (U) president Sharad Yadav joined their cause. On Thursday, Yadav reached Dakoria and Bujbuja villages where local farmers have been sitting on unlit pyres for nearly a month to register their protest against the governments alleged move to evict them from their land.Yadav threatened to intensify the movement if the government did not put an end to high handed measures and arm twist the affected farmers.Addressing a rally he said that development and encouragement or patronage to industries was a welcome move provided it did not prove to be prejudicial to agri interests. Welspun company is aiming to stretch its empire across 1400 acres of mostly fertile land, he charged. This will not only adversely affect the living conditions of local farmers by depriving them of livelihood, but will also lead to pollution in Mahanadi and Banganga waters which will never be allowed.The leader also slammed the role of local officials and said that as directed by the political bosses, they were acting in interest of the power company. Let the government negotiate in a just manner and convince the farmers to willingly give up land, but use of force will only lead to violence, he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17165107", "title": "Tribal flavours spice up food fest", "text": "RANCHI: The journey of a foodie would remain incomplete without a trip to tribal homes in Ladakh in the far north, Kerala in the far south and Arunachal Pradesh in the northeast. These tribes have certain delicacies to offer which are not available at any starred hotel. Little wonder then that a growing number of urbanites are being drawn to these dishes for their taste and nutritional value.Selective picks from the food served at the India International Tribal Festival (ending today) at the Central University of Jharkhand (CUJ) make an ideal tribal meal.A pan India tribal meal would thus comprise starters from Jharkhand in the form of \"kachri\" (made from pounded gram), soup from Ladakh called \"thupka\" (made from barley and natural herbs), main course from Arunachal Pradesh in the form of \"khaulam\" or \"khatum\" (rice cooked in bamboo shoots or wrapped in leaf) and the main side dish from Bhutan \"sikampa\" (made from dry pork and spices).For vegetarians, the side dish could be supplemented with chutney from Arunachal Pradesh (made from herbs like tulsi and miki, coriander leaves). The meal could be wound up on a sweet note with bamboo 'pysum' from Kerala or 'khautek' from the kitchens of the Khampti tribes of the northeast.Sudarshan Kumar, a professor in mass communication, said he was surprised how ordinary dishes could be given a quaint flavour. \"We all have rice at home but when it is cooked in bamboo shoot or steamed in leaf, it tastes completely different!\"The tribal food stall from Jharkhand lent its own flavours. 'Chakar', a plant considered a weed by most people, including farmers, is used to make a soup which is not only delicious but acts as an appetiser. Local tribals also presented 'dhuska' and 'papri' made from rice batter. \"Gonghi (snail) Chhola sold like hot cakes,\" said Guru Munda, a helper at the stall.C V Mancheykhum, a representative of the Khampti tribe of the northeast, said they had preserved the traditional ways of cooking so as to retain the original flavour and the nutritional value of the food. \"The herbs that we use add to the taste,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17165206", "title": "Top leaders pay tribute to Kailashpati Mishra", "text": "PATNA: Top BJP leaders paid rich tributes to former Gujarat &amp; Rajasthan governor Kailashpati Mishra at a condolence meeting held at Rabindra Bhavan on Friday.BJP president Nitin Gadkari recalled Mishra's contribution in strengthening the party's base since his joining the Jan Sangh in 1959. \"BJP is in government in eight states and has hundreds of MLAs mainly because of the sacrifices made by leaders like Kailashji,\" said Gadkari.Describing Mishra as 'Rajniti ke Ajatshatru,' leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha, Sushma Swaraj, said Kailashji always maintained a cordial relation even with the leaders of other parties.The second in command of the RSS, Suresh Soni, BJP MP and film actor Shatrughan Sinha , party spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad, deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , state BJP president CP Thakur, state JD-U president Vashistha Narayan Singh, Bihar Assembly speaker Uday Narayan Chaudhary, RJD leader Shakuni Chaudhary, former Bihar legislative council chairperson Tarakant Jha, Congress leader Vinod Sharma, CPI leaders Badri Narayan Lal and Kedar Pandey and several state level BJP leaders also recalled Mishra's contribution to the state politics.Former civil aviation minister Syed Shahnawaz Hussain recalled the rechristening of the Port Blair Airport as Veer Sawarkar International Airport in 2002. Hussain said it was only after the suggestion of Kailashji that the airport was renamed when he had taken charge as the civil aviation minister.\"When I conveyed Kailashji's message to the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , the latter happily agreed to rename the airport,\" Hussain said.BJP's ex-president Rajnath Singh also recalled how Kailashji had refused nomination to the Rajya Sabha for a second term and opted to work for the organization at a time when party leaders were virtually gatecrashing for a ticket to the Upper House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "three injured in bus accident", "code": "17162456", "title": "3 bus passengers injured mishap", "text": "Three injured in bus accident: Three seniors citizens were injured after a Goa-Mumbai bus met with an accident on the national highway 17 at Torxem, Pernem taluka, on Friday evening. The driver lost control of the bus after it skidded, said police sources. Lusi D'Souza, 60, Vinci Noronha, 62, and Shantaram Mestri, 62, suffered minor injuries and were treated by the 108 ambulance staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164090", "title": "Diwali crackers get louder, silent on pollution", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days to Diwali and Sadar Bazar's market for fireworks is teeming with people. Bright colourful boxes of crackers blazoned with wide smiles are flying off the shelves. In the crush of people, there's hardly enough time to scan the price and try a quick haggle. Nobody has time for the fine print - it's another thing that few boxes have any fine print at all. No allergy advice, no word on harmful chemicals or noise levels, although these are required to be declared under the law.Experts say most crackers contain toxic heavy metals that can have a severe effect on health. Chinese fire crackers, especially, are infamous for high sulphur dioxide emissions but are available aplenty despite the restriction on their sale in India.\"We have crackers that are extremely loud. The 'Nazi bomb', for instance. The demand for colourful crackers and sparklers is also high. People want crackers that are noisy but cheap,\" a trader told TOI on condition of anonymity. \"People want China-made crackers although these are more polluting,\" said another seller.Most crackers contain heavy metals to produce colourful sparks. \"Heavy metals like lead and cadmium are extremely harmful,\" said Ravi Agarwal of the NGO Toxics Link, adding, \"They also contain fine particles that drastically raise the PM 10 and PM 2.5 pollutant levels in the air\".Vivek Chattopadhyay, senior researcher, Centre for Science and Environment, said, \"There appears to be no monitoring of the quality of crackers flooding the market. Most of the crackers do not bear pollution labels which were made mandatory by the Supreme Court. Every year, emissions peak on Diwali, which is proof that fire crackers are not of good quality.\" Last year, on Diwali, the PM 2.5 value at RK Puram, which is usually around 141 microgram per cubic metre, shot up to 220. At Mandir Marg, the nitrogen oxide (NO2) level rose from 45 to 75.There are restrictions on noise emissions also. The Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organization's (PESO) notification to fire cracker manufacturers prohibits crackers with noise level exceeding 125dB(AI) or 145dB (C) at 4 metres from the point of bursting. The Supreme Court has also directed PESO to set chemical formulae for each type or category of cracker. \"It's doubtful whether these rules are being followed,\" said Vivek.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164662", "title": "Realtor tries to sell land using fake papers, held", "text": "CHENNAI: A realtor was arrested on Friday for forging documents and executing a sale deed worth 7 crore at the Velachery sub-registrar's office.Police said Tamilmani of Thulasingapuram in St Thomas Mount presented at the sub-registrar's office documents for executing the sale of a 16,800 sq ft plot of prime land near the Velachery railway station.The officials scanning the documents grew suspicious and conducted a detailed verification which revealed that the signature in the register did not match with those in the supporting documents produced by the realtor.Since it appeared to be forged, sub-registrar M G Dhamu lodged a complaint with police. A case was registered and Tamilmani remanded in judicial custody.Sources said the said property was valued at 7 crore according to the government guideline rate, but added that it would cost around 15 crore in the open market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17165126", "title": "Diwali celebration lights up Ludhiana schools", "text": "LUDHIANA: With Diwali round the corner, city schools are holding a raft of activities to celebrate the festival.Toddlers from Kiddies' Paradise School, Kochar Market, celebrated Diwali with devotion, enthusiasm and excitement. Tastefully decorated school campus added charm and religious fervour to the atmosphere as the little ones dressed up as different characters from the Ramayana enchanted all. Various scenes from the life of Lord Rama were presented through 'jhankis'. Rangoli and painting competition for the students was also held. Little ones also enjoyed bursting eco-friendly crackers and also exchanged gifts and cards. Omica bagged the first prize in diya competition while Ashveena stood second.Welcoming the festival of lights, students of Guru Nanak International Public School, Model Town, unfolded their creative abilities in a string of activities on Friday. Various inter-house competitions were organized for the students of classes VI to XI.To keep alive the spirit of share and care, Prarth Club of Kundan Vidya Mandir School, Civil Lines, brought out the Diwali cheer for the students from Hindu Putri Pathshala, Haibowal, and students of the school for the visually challenged near Jyoti Kendra, Hambran Road. The KVM students bought gifts out of their pocket money for the students of Hindu Putri Pathshala. The students from both schools were overwhelmed at the expression of love and care by the students of Kundan Vidya Mandir School and reciprocated the gesture with best wishes.For the students at St Xavier Play-way School it was a double celebration as the school celebrated both Diwali and Children's Day with great joy and enthusiasm. A kid carnival was held on the school premises with main attractions being magic show, tattoo makers and fancy dress competitions. A magic show was also organized. Sweets and chocolate were distributed after the function.Diwali celebrations were also held at Green Land Public School, Jalandhar Bypass, amidst joy and cheer. Students from Nursery to classes I dressed up as various characters from the Ramayana replicated Lord Rama's reunion and return to Ayodhya after vanquishing Ravana in a battle, through a wonderful dance show. Diya decoration and slogan writing competing were also held for students of Class I to III.ABC Montessori School too celebrated Diwali on Friday. The school was decorated with fresh flowers and candles. Children did 'Lakshmi pooja' in a specially made temple on the school premises.Maple Bear Canadian Playway and Nursery School, Udham Singh Nagar, celebrated Diwali on its campus with great fanfare and enthusiasm. Children made beautiful rangolis with the help of teachers and lighted earthen lamps.Diwali was also celebrated with fervour at Cherubs The Preschool. The kids were given a traditional welcome.They were also informed about the significance of the festival. Decorated in vibrant hues, the school had an ambience of joy and happiness. The kids made beautiful rangolis with the help of their teachers and also did prayer after which sweets were distributed to all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17164880", "title": "Manipulation of price has now been stopped in packaged commodities", "text": "MADURAI: A small amendment has been made to provide a great relief for consumers last week by the Central government. The Packaged Commodities Rules (PCR) under Standards of Weight and Measures Act has been amended to stop ongoing exploitation in price fudging.These PCR stipulate the information that should be provided on a pre-packed commodity sold by a retailer. This includes name of the manufacturer or the packer if he is different with his address and phone number, marketer, month and year of manufacture, net quantity either in grams or in metres or in ml as the case may be, batch number and the generic name of the product (i.e.) if it is common salt, it must be mentioned as sodium chloride. The name, address, e-mail and phone number of contact persons to receive consumer complaints should also be stated. The retail sale price as MRP must be printed. If the sale price is less than the MRP, it could be displayed by a sticker in such a way that it does not conceal the original MRP. These can be given in groups also in different places. All these must be displayed in the principal display panel which is the total surface available for printing. The size and height of the letters have also been stipulated.Only standard weights and measures were permitted to be printed originally in the 1977 Rules. Then there was a demand to print unit price in every pack to facilitate easy comparison. A toothpaste may be priced Rs 32 for a 200g pack. But they must also print the price of 1gm that is 16p. This was found be cumbersome and consumers were reluctant to do the calculation. So unit price was given up.Then the manufacturers managed to get permission to sell non-standard weights. If the standard weights were 50g and 100g, they introduced 80g, and some even 83g. Originally it would cost less. Gradually, the price of 80g of brand A was equal to the price of 100g of other brands. It was difficult for the consumer to know that they were getting less for the same price. Manufacturers then were allowed to print \"non-standard\" weights or measures in such cases. Of course, this was lost in small print. The consumer organisations demanded only standard weights be sold.The Legal Metrology(Packaged Commodities) amendment rules brought in an important change this year. The new amendment stipulates that all manufacturers of some 19 commodities mentioned in the second schedule of the rule will have to mandatorily pack items in standard sizes only. Standard weights and measures of these items have been prescribed.This order will be implemented from November 1, 2012. Baby food, weaning food, biscuits, bread, butter, coffee, tea, cereals, pulses, milk powder, salt, edible oils, rice and wheat flour, aerated soft drinks, drinking water, cement and paints are products covered by this amendment. For example: Baby food can be sold only in 25g, 50g, 100g, 200g, 300g, 350g, 400g, and 500g. Biscuits can be sold only in 25g, 50g, 60g, 75g,100g, 12g,150g, 200g and 300g packs. Bread only in 50g, and multiples of 50g packs. Cereals and pulses only in multiples of 100g, packs. The website of the Department of Consumer Affairs will give more details. There are only a few exemptions like beedi and LPG among others.This is welcome. However, implementation leaves much to be desired. Often, consumers do not know where to complain if there is a violation of rules. They must search for the office of the inspector of labour and complain. In Tamil Nadu, the PCR is implemented by the Inspector of labour who also doubles up as Inspector of weights and measures. We have been demanding that the responsibility to implement these rules must be taken away from inspectors of labour and given to a new set of inspectors trained and motivated under the Department of Consumer Protection. Only then, the benefits of these rules will reach the consumers.(The writer is secretary, consumer protection council of Tamil Nadu, and can be reached at consumerpc@rediffmail.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17162769", "title": "Arts College crumbling from neglect", "text": "HYDERABAD: The iconic Arts College building of Osmania University is steadily dilapidating but no one has moved an inch to check the rot.One of the lintel stones on the left flank of the building had cracked almost six years back. Experts were called in who, after putting stability clips as ad-hoc relief, said that the danger of the load bearing stone cracking further would remain unless proper repairs works were carried out. \"When a big stone gives away, the load on other stones increase and they too would be unable to bear the weight for long,\" an expert said.The Arts College structure was inaugurated in 1939 and is built with locally mined pink granite. The pillars and lintel have been merged in such a way that they represent the acclaimed architectural style of Ajanta and Ellora caves. But the seepage from various corners of the roof has been causing damage to the structure. The recent rains have led to growth of plants in several corners of the building. If not removed in time the roots of these plants would grow to de-link the stones and damage the structure on the whole.Built in the Indo-Saracenic style, the building has beautiful railings in the inner courtyard and elsewhere. The railings though built in cement give the impression of carved stones. The joints in these railings are opening up. The negligent use of grey cement, when work carried out to plug the openings some 10 years back, too, is falling out.With no maintenance and repair, the beautiful chandeliers that adorned the central ceiling of the building look ugly as its broken pendants are hanging loose.Mohammed Ansari, associate professor, said though the principals and vice-principals of the Arts College have written to the vice-chancellor about the deterioration in the condition of the building there has been no proper response.Prof. S Mallesh, principal, agreed that the building is in a shambles. \"I have inspected the entire building soon after I took charge in March, last year and prepared a plan which has been sent to the authorities. I have been told that the works and buildings division is studying the plan. They propose to call in some heritage experts for consultation before they begin work. I have been told that the works will begin soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17164967", "title": "MP granted anticipatory bail in group clash case", "text": "MADURAI: Two days after former minister Suba Thangavelan was granted anticipatory bail in connection with the group clash among DMK supporters, Lok Sabha MP J K Ritheesh, who represents Ramanathapuram district, was granted the same by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court.Ritheesh and ex-MLA K Murugavel filed anticipatory bail pleas, individually before the Madurai bench in connection with the clash, which took place on October 30 at Aruppukottai.On October 30, the supporters of Suba Thangavelan and Ritheesh clashed near Chokkikulam in Madurai district over who should accompany DMK party general secretary, K Anbazhagan to Pasumpon village for the Muthuramalinga Thevar Jayanthi celebrations. As a result of this clash, one person suffered stab injuries. The Thallakulam police had also registered a case in this connection. Following that, the clash continued in Aruppukottai during Anbazhagan's return from Pasumpon. The supporters of Ritheesh and Suba Thangavelan clashed outside the guest house of K K S S R Ramachandran, the DMK district secretary of Virudhunagar.Four vehicles were damaged and a few persons sustained injuries in that clash. Aruppukottai town police booked Ritheesh, Murugavel and others under various Sections of the India Penal Code, including Section 307 and Public Property Damage Act in connection with the violence.Suba Thangavelan moved the Madurai bench and managed to get anticipatory bail in the Chokkikulam clash.After hearing the petitions of Ritheesh and Murugavel, Justice C T Selvam granted anticipatory bail to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "yangon (myanmar)", "code": "17168251", "title": "Mirabai Chanu wins three bronze medals at Asian Junior Weightlifting", "text": "YANGON (MYANMAR): Saikhom Mirabai Chanu clinched three bronze medals for India on the opening day of the 19th Junior Women Asian Weightlifting Championships.She lifted 168kg to secure medals in 48kg weight category -- one each in snatch (74kg), clean and jerk (94kg) and total (168kg).Her compatriot lifter Khumukcham Sanjita Chanu also competed in 48kg and finished fourth.Mirabai, who got selected for the event after lifting 163kg in the trials, managed an additional five kg more during the main event.Mirabai was fifth in 48kg weight category in the last edition of the tournament in Pattaya (Thailand).She clinched gold in the dame category during the seventh National Youth (Girls) Weightlifting Championships held at Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17162685", "title": "Fatorda farmers protest land acquisition", "text": "MARGAO: Farmers from Agalli, Fatorda, staged a rally at Agalli to protest against the acquisition of their paddy fields and later submitted a memorandum to the Salcete deputy collector and sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) Dasharath Redkar at the collectorate on Friday.In the memorandum, the farmers, who reside near St Anthony's community hall, requested the government to put an end to all construction activities on their paddy fields.\"We along with other farmers are aggrieved, that people with vested interests have been trying to destroy and convert our ancestral paddy fields for real estate purposes since last Christmas season,\" said Camilo Dias in the memorandum .In December last year, following a similar complaint, Redkar had issued instructions through the police that all those involved in the construction activities be directed to restore the fields back to their original state.\"We are deeply concerned that despite a previous order from your office, your order is being challenged and before any untoward law and order problem arises, we request authorities to act in this matter as we still use these fields to cultivate our crops,\" the memorandum added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17162619", "title": "HSBC helped uber rich stash cash in Swiss banks: Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Activists Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan widened their \"anti-graft\" net on Friday accusing the multinational bank HSBC of running a huge hawala operation to launder thousands of crores of illicit money belonging to leading corporates like the Ambani brothers Mukesh and Anil, the Burmans, Naresh Goyal of Jet Airways , Yashowardhan Birla and Congress MP Annu Tandon.They demanded the suspension of HSBC's India operations and arrests of its officials, prosecution of the industrialists concerned and disclosure of names of all Indians who hold accounts in foreign branches of different banks.The activists also attacked the government for not taking action against HSBC and its clients engaged in money laundering in disregard of \"strong evidence\", specifically accusing the then finance minister Pranab Mukherjee of covering up the racket when it came to light in July 2011.Kejriwal and Bhushan made the sensational claim of having been tipped off by a mole who has just been inducted in the Union Cabinet, as they cited documents of income tax department to allege that the multinational bank took at least Rs 6,000 crore in illicit money belonging to these corporates and 700 others to be deposited in its Dubai and Geneva branches.This is the first instance where the anti-graft campaigners have targeted an MNC, although it was the UPA government which bore the brunt of their fresh onslaught. \"This government protects criminals, and has plunged new depths of venality, corruption and criminality. It is so degenerate that it draws repulsion,\" Kejriwal said as he released interrogation reports of HSBC account holders being investigated by the I-T department and Enforcement Directorate and cited their conversations with tax officials.The activists, who came up with their fresh tranche of accusations after nine days, said the whole operation -- a meticulously planned affair where people could open and operate Swiss bank accounts without stirring out of their homes in India and with greater ease than starting an account with State Bank of India -- came to light after a whistleblower in HSBC leaked the names of its account holders to the French government.They said that while the government, based on a CD forwarded by the French government, did start investigation against 125 people, it let off the big fish: the industrialists and the Congress MP who, along with her late husband, a senior official of Reliance Industries Limited, had a stake in its subsidiary Motech Software.The allegation was condemned by the government, corporates and Tandon, Congress MP from Unnao. The government dismissed the serious charge. \"There is nothing new in the allegations of Mr Kejriwal. He has given no evidence and the issue has already been discussed in Parliament. If necessary, government will respond at an appropriate time,\" government sources said. There were indications that the government may respond to the fresh assault from IAC by Monday if not on Saturday itself.Kejriwal and Bhushan backed their charge by stressing that the CD containing names of Indians having accounts in HSBC's branches abroad in 2006 not just came from French authorities but was also the basis for the I-T department to start investigations against 125 persons who figured in the list.To emphasize that their allegations were credible and deserved to be probed, they released the statements of three HSBC account holders -- Parminder Singh Kalra, Vikram Dhirani and Praveen Sawhney -- where they admitted to having illicitly transferred money into the foreign branches of the bank.According to Kejriwal, the modus operandi revealed by the three HSBC clients was rather simple, yet effective. The client would just have to contact HSBC in India which would send its agent to collect cash and an account would be opened in Geneva or Dubai by evening.\"You don't need to go out of India to open an account. You are given the name and mobile number of someone in Geneva to deposit or withdraw money telephonically. There is no physical transfer of money. This is money laundering,\" Kejriwal said.\"HSBC's operations should be immediately suspended as it is a fit case for charging them under sedition and waging war against India,\" Kejriwal said, referring to the tough measure taken by the US which forced the bank to reveal the names of American citizens having illegal accounts in their different branches.As for the \"big fish\" on the CD of HSBC clients provided by the French government, Kejriwal and Bhushan criticized the government for letting them off the hook after realizing a mere Rs 181 crore as penalty for tax evasion. \"This is not just a case of tax evasion. This is a case of money laundering and violation of Foreign Exchange Management Act,\" Bhushan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164813", "title": "NCP corporator booked, 9 held", "text": "PUNE: The Hadapsar police on Thursday night arrested nine men and booked NCP corporator Anand Alkunte in an attempted murder case. Alkunte and another suspect are absconding since the incident.Senior inspector Raghunath Jadhav, in charge of the Hadapsar police station, said on Friday that Alkunte and 10 others had allegedly attacked Sunita Alkunte, her husband Kumar and son Sagar with sticks and iron bars over a petty dispute near Shankarmath in Hadapsar around 10.30 pm. Sagar, who has sustained serious injuries in the attack, is undergoing treatment at a private hospital.Jadhav said that Sunita has registered a complaint of attempted murder and rioting against the corporator and 10 others. Vasant Alkunte, one of the corporator's supporters, has registered a cross-complaint of rioting against Sunita and others under relevant sections of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17164938", "title": "Group of five attacks man", "text": "HUBLI: Town police have arrested a five-member team including the son of a police constable on charges of attempt to murder a man on Thursday night in Hubli.Speaking to TOI, police commissioner BA Padmanayan said Shivu Valishattar, 21, a resident of Shantinagar in Keshwapur in Hubli was assaulted by five persons with weapons when he had gone to Coen Road to purchase new clothes for Diwali. He was immediately rushed to KIMS hospital with severe injuries. Acting on a complaint lodged by him, Town police arrested Chetan Hirekerur, Ramesh Gurappa Desai, Ramesh Pawadi, Deepak Navale, Maruti Kandagal, all residents of Hosur and Bhairidevarkoppa in Hubli.Earlier, Shivu had filed a police complaint in connection with a recent group clash. The five accused were forcing him to withdraw the case. But when Shivu declined to do so, they attacked him with lethal weapons, town police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167252", "title": "Karthi gifts iPhone 5 to Venkat Prabhu", "text": "The 'Biriyani' director was in for a bigger surprise on the sets of his film when the unit greeted him with a giant cake on his birthday (Nov 7th). Venkat Prabhu celebrated his birthday on the sets of his Karthi starrer Biriyani, produced by Studio Green.Karthi, the hero of his film and childhood friend, gifted his director the latest version of Apple iphone 5 . The hero along with cameraman Sakthi Saravanan, Premgi Amaren and producers Studio Green all greeted him and revealed the cake which was cut amidst the unit members.Venkat Prabhu was all smiles as he thanked them and had tweeted earlier - \"In 2010 Thala made Biriyani for me on my b'day!! This year b'day I am making Biriyani for all of you to taste soon!\"Later the unit was given a special Biriyani treat by the producers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17164077", "title": "Tusker kills Assam mahout in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A mahout from Assam imparting \"kunki\" training to a tusker at Kumarkhunti in Odisha's Chandaka sanctuary was trampled to death by the animal in a fit of rage on Friday. The victim, Dillip Rabha (52), was engaged in training the animal for the last two years.At 3.30 pm on Friday, Shankar, the tusker, was being taken for a bath by Rabha when it suddenly became agitated and dragged the mahout from his back. The elephant became violent and trampled Rabha to death. After killing him, Shankar sat near Rabha's body and did not allow anyone to come near it. A team from Nandankanan Zoo reached the spot and tranquilized the animal, a source said.\"Shankar had bouts of rage and he would sometimes become violent and uncontrollable. But on Friday, he was calm throughout the day and became violent all of a sudden and killed the mahout. It was purely an accident,\" said DFO Siba Narayan Mahapatra.Shankar had attacked another mahout in September, who had a narrow escape. The tusker had killed another person about two years ago at Telkoi in Odisha's Keonjhar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17164181", "title": "Army makes NSCN-IM refund extorted money", "text": "GUWAHATI: The army, for the first time, made members of the National Socialist Council of Nagalim (Isak-Muivah) pay back large sum of money exhorted from villagers in Dima Hasao district.A senior army official on Friday said NSCN(IM) had no option but to give in to the intense psychological pressure by security forces. The Madras Regiment unit, under 22 Sector Assam Rifles, carried out the psychological operation, following which the insurgent outfit agreed to refund the money collected in the pretext of house taxes from residents of Kaokang and Purana Leikul villages in the once-troubled hill district.\"Speaking on telephone from Dimapur in Nagaland , the deputy kilonser (minister) of NSCN(IM) in-charge of Zeliangrong region wanted security forces to desist from interfering in the so-called internal matter of finances of the banned insurgent outfit,\" the army official said.NSCN(IM) had been extorting money in the name of tax collection in Dima Hasao, which was in violation of the ceasefire agreement with the Centre, according to the official. In the past six months, security forces had successfully stopped a number of NSCN(IM) cadres from intimidating villagers and hindering development works in the region. The development, a first in the North East, comes as a big blow to NSCN(IM), the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "17167602", "title": "World celebrates November 10 as 'Malala Day', UN chief extends support", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: With the world commemorating November 10 as 'Malala Day' in honour of Pakistani child activist Malala Yousafzai, UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon extended his support to the young girl and her fight for education, describing her as the \"global symbol\" of every girl's right to an education.UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon's Special Envoy for Global Education, former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has said November 10, a month after Yousafzai was shot at by the Taliban for campaigning for girls' education in Pakistan, has been declared Malala Day.The day would be commemorated in support of the 14 year old and the 32 million girls like her around the globe who are denied their right to school, Brown said.In his message of support for Yousafzai and girls' education, Ban said, \"Malala Yousafzai is a global symbol of every girl's right to an education\".The UN chief said citizens from across the globe are speaking out for Yousafzai and on behalf of the 61 million children who do not go to school.\"I am adding my voice to the messages from over one million people across the globe. Education is a fundamental human right. It is a pathway to development, tolerance and global citizenship,\" Ban said in a brief video message posted on the UN website.He called the international community to join the UN campaign to put education first \"for Malala and girls and boys throughout the world\".Brown would also deliver a petition in support of the girl and the universal right to education to Pakistan government.Thousands of people from across the world have signed a global petition calling for her to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. Malala is recovering in a British hospital from gun shot wounds and has received messages of support for her cause from global leaders, including US President Barack Obama .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164145", "title": "CCTV footage helps cops nail 6 for vandalizing restaurant but main accused on the run", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the arrest of six people in the last few days for allegedly vandalizing a restaurant in the city, Delhi Police has claimed to have cracked the case. CCTV footage of the incident provided by the restaurant helped in identifying the vandals, police said. However, the main accused, Dinesh Pehelwan, is still on the run.Pehelwan and his associates had barged into Rasoi Restaurant in Dilshad Garden on October 31 and vandalized the place. \"They also assaulted the restaurant staff and two head constables of Seemapuri police station, who had stopped by to check what the commotion was all about. The officers had succeeded in apprehending three to four assailants, but they were attacked with rods and sticks and couldn't hold onto them. One of the officers was badly hurt and had to be admitted in GTB Hospital,\" said V V Chaudhary, additional commissioner of police (northeast).Police teams raided several places and arrested one Jai Karan and Punit on November 4. During interrogation, the duo gave details about Amit Tyagi, Anar Singh, Paramveer and Kamal Kihore, who were also arrested. Cops have also seized a Swift, five sticks and a baseball bat that was used in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163463", "title": "Hope floats for Haldia dock as transloading starts at Sandheads", "text": "KOLKATA: There is finally some good news for the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) that has been combating sliding cargo handling figures ever since Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd suspended operations at berths 2 and 8.From Friday, power major National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) Ltd commenced transloading imported thermal coal from a vessel anchored at the Sandheads in the Bay of Bengal, nearly 232 km from Kolkata. Not only will this bring down costs for NTPC and provide additional fuel to increase capacity at its power plants at Farakka and Kahalgaon, the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) estimates that it would besucceed in handling nearly three million tonnes of additional cargo by the end of 2012-13. This should offset the fall in cargo suffered due to cessation of work at the two berths by HBT.KoPT's profit figures may not improve, though, as it would not be able to earn the royalty that HBT paid. But at least, the port facility would be able to meet its commitment to trade and industry. In October, NTPC had attempted to transload nearly 74,000 tonnes of thermal coal from the MT STX Mutiara at the Sandheads. The operations had to be stopped due to a technicality. The cargo handler was not using marine barges for the operations as per the guidelines of the Directorate General of Shipping. The ship finally sailed for Dhamra with its load as HDC doesn't have the required draught.On Friday, transloading started from the MV Western Ehime that arrived with 56,435 tonnes of thermal coal from Indonesia . It will be transloaded to smaller vessels that will go to the Sagar Island. Another round of lighterage operations will take place there and the coal will be loaded on barges that will sail for Haldia. From Haldia, the coal will move by rail to the power plants. When marine barges can be arranged, there won't be any requirement for the second round of operations at Sagar Island.\"KoPT had suggested to importers that they get their cargo transloaded from vessels at the Sandheads to expedite the process and lower costs. NTPC has agreed to this. From 2013, they will move an additional three million tonnes of coal per year directly by barge to Farakka. M/s Coal and Oil, Dubai , has a contract with NTPC to send 1.5 million tonnes of thermal coal. Nearly 70% of this will be moved through Haldia. The MT STX Mutiara and the MV STX Energen will be at the Sandheads in mid-December. Another 3-4 Panamax vessels are scheduled to arrive for the next round of operations,\" a KoPT official said.Port officials believe that transloading is the future of the Haldia Dock Complex as the draught in the navigation channel doesn't allow large vessels to enter with a full load. Transloading is possible at the Sandheads during the fair weather season (between October and February). KoPT also made efforts to carry out transloading at Kanika Sanda along Odhisa's coast but this was challenged by the Odhisa government and the matter is pending in the Supreme Court. The West Bengal government has become a party in this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17165746", "title": "Odia man puts spirited fight in US polls", "text": "Kendrapada: Bikram Mohanty, an Odia who contested the Georgia state senate election in the US for the Democrats, lost to his Republican rival candidate. Bikram ran unopposed in the Democratic primary on July 31.Talking to TOI over phone from Georgia, Bikram said, \"We ran a very spirited campaign, but unfortunately, we couldn't make it. Still I think I fought well as I was a first timer fighting against a veteran like Tim Golden .\"Bikram was born in Binitar village in Bhadrak district adjoining Kendrapada. His uncle Bijaya Mohanty of Rajkanika in Kendrapada was sad to know about his defeat. \"I had prayed for his victory. But he lost the polls,\" Bijaya rued. Not only he, but the whole locality followed the US elections closely and prayed for a good show by the son of the soil.Georgia-based Bikram is an entrepreneur and an occupational therapist. He has been living in Georgia for the last 16 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163414", "title": "Furious Supreme Court warns govt not to play with its 2G order", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday warned the Union government not to play with its order mandating auction of all 2G spectrum licences and said prima facie it found that the entire range of spectrum available after cancellation of the licences had not been put up for public auction.\"We can tell you clearly - prima facie you are not carrying out the court's order. You are playing with the court's order. We are clear that you were required to grant fresh licences in all 22 service areas and you have not done it,\" the court said.Several private telecom players enthusiastically pointed out that the Centre had not fully complied with the apex court's February 2 judgment ordering auction of all 122 licences cancelled and that only a part of the available bandwidth under 800 MHz, 900 MHz and 1800 MHz had been put up for auction, the process for which commenced after repeated extension of time sought by the Centre.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan doused the enthusiasm by observing that compliance of the February 2 order directing auction of cancelled licences was a matter between the court and the government. \"We will not hear any private party on this issue,\" it said.At the same time, the bench disagreed with additional solicitor general Amarjit Singh Chandiok's stand that the government had implemented the court's order in letter and spirit and asked the Centre to file a fresh affidavit by November 19 detailing how it had implemented the order.The bench said, \"The order relating to auction of 2G spectrum licences was clear and related to all three bandwidths. How did your officials curtail it? Ask your officers to read the recommendation of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai). It pertained to all three bandwidths. If you are suggesting Trai had done it, then read the recommendations. It is very clear.\"Chadiok said as far as 800 MHz licences were concerned, there were no bidders in the auction process. \"For the grant of spectrum licences in the 1800 MHz bandwidth, there are five bidders,\" he said.But the court wanted the Department of Telecom to file a fresh affidavit with documents to show that it had complied with the apex court's February 2 directive in letter and spirit.The government will need to examine the issue closely as the telecom secretary, while seeking extension of time for auction of the cancelled licences earlier, had filed an affidavit promising the court that its February 2 directive would be complied with in letter and spirit irrespective of the outcome of the 2G presidential reference seeking clarification on \"auction route\" for all natural resources.Of the three bandwidths, 900 MHz was not part of the direction for auction as no licences were cancelled in this, DoT sources said. \"Adequate spectrum has been auctioned in the 800 MHz and 1800 MHz bands. Enough spectrum is available for all five bidders seeking 30 licences in the 1800 MHz band. All bidders for licences in the 800 MHz band have withdrawn,\" the sources said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17164950", "title": "Bundle-of-laughs, Ayushmann pushes message with charm", "text": "CHANDIGARH: What surprises Panjab University alumnus and actor Ayushmann Khurrana is the \"numerous beautiful girls on the university campus\". During a visit to his alma mater on Friday, Ayushmann, who was mobbed by enthusiastic PU students, said, \"It feels great to be back here\".He charmed the students at English department and School of Communication Studies with his witty jokes and a musical session, during which he rendered Hindi-poetry with a guitar. On campus to urge students to donate blood, he was invited by Literary Society of the Department of English in association with Rotary Blood Bank Society Resource Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17165011", "title": "Tribal Advisory Council stages walkout", "text": "RANCHI: Agitated members of the Tribal Advisory Council (TAC) walked out of the meeting after chief minister Arjun Munda , who is also its chairman, allegedly did not take much interest in discussing welfare of the tribal population.Former state human resource development minister Bandhu Tirkey and Congress legislator Geetashree Oraon who walked out of the meeting alleged that the chief minister was not serious and was misleading the masses.\"We wanted the chairman to discuss the problems faced by tribals at Nagri with their land being acquired by the government for construction of India Institute of Management ( IIM) and National University for Study and Research in Law, but he did not allow that to happen. When he realised that the members would not accept his stand, he walked out saying that he will join the meeting once again sometime later. It was not acceptable to us so we walked out,\" said Tirkey.He alleged that Munda insisted upon the matter being first brought before TAC in writing to avoid talks. \"AWe have submitted several memorandums to the governor and the state government. Any memorandum on tribal issues addressed to the government automatically comes to TAC. Munda took such a stance to avoid discussion,\" the leader added.Sources present in the meeting said that nothing important was taken up for discussion as both the deputy chief ministers Sudesh Kumar Mahato and Hemant Soren were absent.\"The welfare department wanted a discussion on the amendment in Chotangapur Tenancy Act and Santhal Pargana Tenancy Act, but the chairman asked that to be placed before the next meeting of the council,\" said a source.On the request of the council and welfare department, the state government has decided to provide Rs 100 crore to clear pending electricity bill of tribal hostels across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17164992", "title": "Ludhiana to warm up Pakistani winters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Barely two months after the RBI allowed Indian entities to invest in Pakistan, Ludhiana-based Nahar Group is warming up its stock of woolen garments to open two retail outlets of its flagship brand Monte Carlo in the neighbouring country, said the company's managing director Kamal Oswal on Friday.The two stores - a first ever by any India-based garment major - will be opened by late 2013 in Karachi and Lahore.\"We moved this proposal to the Pakistan government who we met during the meeting between the PHD Chamber of Commerce and Lahore Chamber of Commerce. We thought that Pakistan market a lot of potential with a huge base of young fashionistas. We were excited to get the verbal approval by their officials and are now awaiting the approval from the Indian officials,\" said Oswal.The decision to open the stores, which will be based on a franchisee model, was taken on November 6 by Oswal during his visit to Pakistan.Oswal, who is also industrial advisor to Punjab CM, had accompanied Punjab deputy CM to Pakistan as part of a 45-member official delegation.Oswal's Rs 5,500-crore group already has a retail presence in the Middle East and Nepal . As recent as October 31, the company had opened its first retail outlet in Dubai .\"We are expanding outside India in eastern countries. The new range of products jackets, hoodies and designer pullovers,\" said Oswal.Both India and Pakistan are in the race to pip China to become competitive wool processing centres. Both countries are also looking for enhanced bilateral trade relations.On August 22 this year, RBI had approved foreign direct investment by Pakistan through an approval by Foreign Investment Promotion Board of India. This decision was followed by RBI's September 7 approval to allow Indian entities to invest in Pakistan.With Pakistan granting the most favoured nation (MFN) status to India on March 23 this year, the trade of items between the two countries is likely to grow.At present, India and Pakistan allow trade of only 137 items through the land route of Attari border in Amritsar.In March this year, India has set up a Rs 150 crore state-of-the-art integrated check post (ICP) to handle greater passenger and cargo traffic on its side at Attari.But there are frequent hurdles such as absence of a consolidated container system, which means export is only allowed by trucks.\"Industrialists from Punjab have been demanded setting up of a system by the CONCOR ,\" said Sanjiv Bawa, executive director, Punjab Small Industries Export Corporation (PSIEC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17162493", "title": "Sonia Gandhi asks party to be ready for 2014 Lok Sabha polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi urged partymen to prepare for Lok Sabha elections that are 18 months away, but the poll bugle failed to still the speculation that Congress was keeping the option of bringing forward the poll dates to minimize the political costs of a slowing economy.Sonia, seeking better coordination between the government and the organization and urging greater focus on implementation of party manifesto, told the 'samvad baithak' in Surajkund, \"We have 18 months to prepare for Lok Sabha polls. We should prepare for this challenge.\"The remark was important in view of slow but rising estimate in the ranks that an embattled Congress could be eyeing early polls to escape paying the full price for a deepening economic crisis and the sustained focus on scams on its charge.Party circles believe that the leadership's stance on when to hit the hustings remain fuzzy also because of toughness that would be required to repair the economy; in particular to stave off the threat of \"junk grade\" score from ratings agencies, and because of the uncertainty about how long its numerical cushion, thinned post-Trinamool's exit, holds.Finance minister P Chidambaram , seeking to salvage the economy from the low it has slipped to, has asked his colleagues to tighten their belts. However, that the fiscal imperative may collide with the political necessity to shore up the party's support base has also been evident. In the Surajkund meeting, Sonia stressed that the party had to keep its pledges. This was reiterated by defence minister A K Antony.Leaders said the party may be looking at two alternative windows - just before monsoon or after rains in 2013. There is unlikely to be a budget by UPA-2 in 2014 and the party would look to tighten the belt now so that it can give a populist one next year.Congress faces its biggest test in the winter session of Parliament starting later this month. The opposition is ready with a high wattage agenda to confront the UPA, ranging from contentious FDI in multi-brand retail to fuel hike to corruption.Insiders acknowledge that the numbers could be a problem if outside supporters and allies have to take a stand on populist issues like FDI. The UPA muscle stands whittled down following the exit of Trinamool Congress .The meeting between PM Manmohan Singh and Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav immediately after the Surajkund session showed the anxiety in UPA ranks over the winter session.The marathon discussion between Congress ministers and organization leaders focused on the electoral challenge. Union minister Kamal Nath expressed concern over central schemes being hijacked by states, and Congress's inability to do anything. He stressed on the need to build the organization from booth level upwards to do well in the next polls.Heir apparent Rahul Gandhi underlined the need to focus on the changing demographics, with India getting younger. He stressed on greater transparency and urged party leaders to embrace the changing paradigm while lauding Right To Information.Former Union minister Mukul Wasnik spoke on the need to better implement schemes for SCs and STs while general secretary Digvijay Singh wondered why RSS was making inroads among tribals who were traditional Congress supporters. Jagdish Tytler cited his travel in Odisha to say that while tribals fondly remember Indira Gandhi , they don't vote for Congress, showing the growing disconnect with the group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17163007", "title": "3,000 challans in a week, Noida cops collect Rs 2.4L", "text": "NOIDA: Traffic cops have finally pulled up their socks and started taking rule violators to task. In the first seven days of the month-long traffic drive, the Gautam Budh Nagar police have issued 3,000 challans and fined 428 commuters collecting nearly Rs 35,000 daily. In all, Rs 2.4 lakh have already been collected by the cops as fines from challans.The campaign, which started on November 1, focuses on creating awareness on traffic problems among road-users. Cops want to drive home the fact that breaking traffic rules, not wearing helmets and seat belts, using tinted films on windows, etc, results in chaos on the roads.The 153-member traffic police team is especially focusing on auto drivers, rickshaw pullers, four and two-wheeler drivers to bring down rule violations. \"The traffic month has two motives, first, to spread awareness about road safety rules and laws, and second to educate schoolchildren about road safety issues related to overloaded auto-rickshaws, rules for school buses, etc,\" said M P Singh, superintendent of police (traffic).\"Traffic condition in the city needs to be improved. People are either ignorant about traffic rules or don't care to abide by them. During the drive, we will try to make people responsive, aware and responsible towards traffic laws. Our idea is to educate people that traffic laws are for their own benefit,\" Singh added.To make the programme a success, cops have roped in schoolchildren, RWAs and socially active citizens. Announcements to implement traffic regulations, like using pedestrian crossing, stopping at the 'stop line' and other rules, are being made through public address systems, pamphlets, and posters. \"Like every year, posters and banners carrying messages about road safety have been pasted across the district, especially in the urban areas of Noida and Greater Noida. We also plan to implement innovative traffic control ideas that will be appropriate for the kind of traffic we encounter in Noida and Greater Noida,\" said the senior officer.\"Besides educating road users, we will continue to fine erring motorists and encroachers during the month-long drive. Speeding motorists, those who use pressure horns, hooters and mobile phones while driving, riding two-wheelers without helmets or driving without seat belts and drunk drivers are under our scanner,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17164011", "title": "39% of the accused in child abuse cases are those next door", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Though the Bible says \"thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself\", not many 'neighbours' in Kerala, though 'religious and God-fearing' seem willing to abide by the commandment.The latest data available with police and the Childline India Foundation in Kerala reveals that a child isn't very safe with his neighbours. Figures show that it's the neighbours who are the culprits in a majority of child abuse cases.\"It is a misunderstanding that children are abused by strangers,\" said Kozhikode district coordinator of Childline T Sudheesh. In majority of the cases reported to Childline, the accused are from the neighbourhood, family or educational institutions where they study, he added. According to the state-level data with Childline, 39% of the accused in such cases are the neighbours. While teachers were the accused in 13% of the total number of child abuse cases, 11% of the victims were abused by relatives, and 9% by people familiar to the children.The number of strangers who turned out to be the culprits is only 4%. The number of child abuse cases registered against neighbours is even higher, as per the data available with the Kerala police. In the 423 child rape cases reported in the state in 2011, neighbours were the accused in 244 (57%).As per the data available with the Kerala police, out of the 423 child rape cases reported in state in 2011, neighbours were the accused in 244 (57%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164910", "title": "40 Chennai lakes to get a new lease of life", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government plans to restore 40 lakes and open them up to the public. Senior officials say their idea is to improve the local ecology and public spaces.\"The plan is still in a generic state but we will soon call consultants to take up a study of these lakes and come up with a plan to restore them,\" said Phanindra Reddy, secretary for the housing and urban development department.The 40 lakes are within the 1,189sqkm Chennai metropolitan area. \"The chosen lakes are still not encroached upon. They are in a relatively a good condition,\" he said. The official said it was better to kickstart the process at the earliest. \"Let's first try securing the low hanging fruit,\" said Reddy. CMA region has about 3,000 water bodies, most of which have been encroached upon by real estate dealers and small communities. The state plans to involve local people in the projects as well.Reddy said lakes have the potential to serve as public spaces. The restored lakes will have walkways and other facilities. \"With the public as stakeholders, the lake will be used regularly and there will be little room for misuse or encroachment,\" he said. Tenders will be floated to identify consultants who can come up with a plan. The Chennai Rivers Restoration Trust will also be responsible for the projects.Experts said restoring lakes will ensure that groundwater levels remain stable and that rainwater is stored. There are more than 1,000 lakes in Kancheepuram, and 300 in Tambaram. \"According to the Scott-Wilson report, five years ago, it was estimated that two-thirds of the lakes in the Araniar-Kosasthalaiyar basin are encroached upon,\" said T K Ramkumar, who was part of the study. Ramkumar has been part of several committees on environment issues and water bodies.Lakes are ecologically important as they serve as a source of water, attract birds and other forms of wildlife.\"For a city with a large population, these water bodies are essential as we do not have rivers,\" said Ramkumar. Peerkankaranai, Rajakilpakkam, Zamin Pallavaram, Adambakam and Ullagaram are some of the lakes with the highest number encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164001", "title": "Govt to revise PPP model under crony capitalism fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: Battling charges of crony capitalism and scathing audit reports on projects like Delhi airport, the government is revising its public-private partnership (PPP) model to ensure revenue projections over a 30-year period are robustly factored into contracts.The need to calculate revenue projections has been felt with PPPs drawing fire for offering sweetheart deals to private partners at the expense of consumers and revenue to government exchequer. Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) reports on PPP projects have only fuelled the unease.Senior finance ministry officials informed Parliament's standing committee on finance on Friday that the government will soon unveil a \"well done\" PPP scheme as the model put into practice from 2003 till now had evolved with experience.Finance ministry brass was closely quizzed by committee members who felt PPP projects often became monopolistic ventures run by private operators using public resources to the detriment of public good with the CAG report on Delhi airport being a case in point.Seeking to assuage members, a senior official said in future PPPs will have in-built mechanisms to make sure revenue projections over a 30-year span are factored in so that the government does not lose out on its share of the revenue. The scope for post-contract concessions or alterations will be reduced too.The panel was briefed by finance secretary R S Gujral , economic affairs secretary Arvind Mayaram and revenue secretary Sumit Bose.PPPs have been a highly contentious subject with projects failing to benefit consumers as originally touted. Government's own case studies point to the pitfalls of concluding agreements in ports, airports, roadways and rail container movements without adequate thought to contract design.In the wake of CAG reports \u00e2\u20ac\u201d like the one on the GMR-run Delhi airport that says the operator was unduly benefitted by Rs 3,400 crore and adverse public reaction to projects like the Delhi-Gurgaon and Delhi-Noida Expressway \u00e2\u20ac\u201d damaging charges of crony capitalism have been hurled at the government.The impression that public assets were sold for a song was heightened by the 2G scam and Coalgate while corruption allegations further increased the political heat. The CAG's adverse report on the KG basin offshore gas fields operated by Reliance Industries added to the furore over big business being given preferential treatment.The PPP debate has also been mired in differences between ministries and the Planning Commission with the panel's views on framing concessionaire agreements being hotly contested by departments. Much of UPA-I was consumed in attempting to sort out the divergence.Public support for PPPs has waned as toll collection being allowed on incomplete road projects and concession periods being extended. The cost of road travel has also shot up, while the benefits are less than apparent in several cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17162564", "title": "Deshprabhu, 2 officials get bail", "text": "PANAJI: The North Goa sessions court at Panaji on Friday granted conditional anticipatory bail to former Congress MLA Jitendra Deshprabhu, former mines director Arvind Loliyekar and retired mines official Hector Fernandes.The trio had approached the court separately apprehending their arrest in an alleged illegal mining case.Hearing the pleas together, the court allowed the applications, while directing them to cooperate with the investigation.Police rAecently filed a fresh FIR alleging files pertaining to this illegal mining case are missing.During the hearing of the case, Deshprabhu's lawyer alleged that the case was politically motivated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163009", "title": "Numberplate \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcshutter\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 lands teen in trouble", "text": "NEW DELHI: A teenager has been caught for using a numberplate with \"shutter\" to hide his licence plate with a remote control unit. Traffic cops have booked him for registration violation but if anyone else is found violating the law in the same manner, his car will be impounded and the car registration will stand cancelled, warned traffic cops.\"As this was the first time we found someone using such a numberplate, and he had already removed the wiring that controlled the shutter, we booked him for registration violation as an educative measure. Anyone else found violating the law in this manner will face tougher consequence of their vehicle being impounded and registration cancelled,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Piyush Vinayak (19), a resident of Surajmal Vihar in east Delhi, runs a car accessory and commercial light shop. The car is registered in the name of Vinayak's uncle, Nitin Sharma, an accountant from Vivek Vihar.\"Vinayak has a car accessory shop in Bhagirath Place and has told us that he had heard about this kind of numberplate from a friend and had installed it in his car a month ago for decorative purposes. But he cut the wiring after his father had cautioned him about a week ago,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Vinayak has been issued a challan of Rs 2,100 for registration violations and using tinted film, said cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17164409", "title": "Touts target Omni buses, add to passengers' woes", "text": "COIMBATORE: As another Diwali is round the corner, people who wanted to travel long distance by private contract carriage buses, to their home towns and celebrate with their families, have become a disillusioned lot with touts engaged in black-marketing purchasing tickets in bulk. Like in the case of train reservations, touts are buying tickets for the contract carriages in bulk (popularly known as omni buses) and selling them in the black market at exorbitant prices.Even the Coimbatore Omni Bus Owners and Travels Association has started feeling the heat of black marketing and other dubious ways of touts. The association has filed a police complaint seeking action against selling of tickets in the black market. For passengers, it is a double whammy, as bus operators have already raised ticket prices in view of the festival rush. According to operators, there are 128 Omni buses being operated from Coimbatore to key destinations like Chennai, Madurai, Tirchy, Pondicherry, Nagercoil, Bangalore and Kochi.A normal non-AC ticket from Coimbatore to Chennai would cost Rs.450 on a regular day but because of the Diwali rush, it has almost touched Rs.1000. But touts are selling them at Rs 1500 right now. AC buses have already hiked the fare from Rs 700 to Rs.1500 but touts are charging Rs 2000 to Rs 2200.According to a bus operator, most touts are operating in connivance with travel agencies in the city. They are also concentrating on the reservation counter at the local railway station to identify those who are unable to buy a ticket.According to Coimbatore Omni bus owners and travels association, President M Stephen, around 40 persons are engaged in black marketing of bus tickets in the city. He had filed complaints in race Course and Katoor police stations seeking steps against touts. Some touts are smart enough to book tickets bulk online. Others pretend to be normal travelers and buy tickets from travel agencies,'' he said. When asked about the different fares being charged by different operators, he said the association can do nothing about it. It is up to the respective bus owner to decide. We play the role of an advisor only. We have already advised members not to charge indiscriminately,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17165772", "title": "State Commission for Women does it again", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Reminiscent of the denial of gang rape in the State Commission for Women (SCW) report in the Pipili incident involving a teenage girl earlier this year, SCW chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi again appears to make light of the mysterious death of Ayurvedic lady doctor Madhabilata Pradhan, by dubbing it a case of suicide in her report.\"Her death might be a case of suicide,\" Panigrahi said in her six-page report submitted to the state government on Friday. The report recommended departmental proceedings against chief district medical officer (CDMO) of Puri Gyanendra Sahu, however, whom she held responsible for 'illegally' transferring Pradhan from Rebana Nuagaon to Kanas.Pradhan's death courted controversy after her family and Mahila Congress alleged that Brahmagiri BJD MLA Sanjay Dasburma had been mentally torturing her and forced her transfer. The MLA in turn rubbished the allegation of 'mental torture'.\"Her death seems to be a case of suicide based on the statements of two eyewitnesses - the train driver and a guard. But the Crime Branch that is probing the incident will find out the exact cause of her death,\" Panigrahi said.\"The CDMO has not followed the guidelines of government, order of the collector and the suggestions of the then health minister. Puri district collector had directed the CDMO to ask for the consent of the doctor before transferring her. But without taking consent from Madhabilata Pradhan, the CDMO, Puri, passed the transfer order. So the transfer of Pradhan will be considered as illegal,\" the report elaborated.The CDMO denied violating any guidelines in ordering Pradhan's transfer. \"I have not violated any rule. The CDMO has the power to take some decisions independently. Besides, there are different guidelines for the government staff working under different schemes,\" he said.The SCW report is also silent about the disappearance of her body from Puri crematorium, even as Panigrahi said, \"Negligence on the part of the GRP in publishing the photograph of the deceased through print and electronic media after receiving the body of Pradhan led to further confusion in the case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17164911", "title": "Case filed against Jethmalani for Ram remark", "text": "KANPUR: A city-based RTI activist has filed a case against Supreme Court lawyer and Rajya Sabha member Ram Jethmalani for hurting religious sentiments with his \"Ram was a bad husband\" remark.The chief metropolitan magistrate on Friday ordered registration of the case on the complaint of Sandeep Shukla and fixed November 23 as the next date for recording his statement.A resident of Qazi Khera in Harjinder Nagar, Shukla in his complaint alleged that Jethmalani had hurt his and others' feelings by deliberately uttering malicious words against Lord Ram.He had thereby committed an offence under section 295 A and 298 of Indian Penal code, he said, and should therefore be summoned and punished accordingly.Shukla said he came to know of Jethmalani's \"derogatory\" remarks against \"Lord Shri Ram who is ideal for crores of Hindus\" through television on Thursday. He said people in his locality were very upset and had assembled and raised slogans against Jethmalani, but he had pacified them.Speaking at a function on Thursday to launch a book on man-woman relationship, Jethmalani had stated \"Ram was a bad husband. I don't like him at all. Just because some fisherman said something, he sent that poor woman [Sita] to exile.\"He also took a jibe at Lakshman by saying he was \"even worse.\"\"When Sita was abducted, Ram asked him to go and find her as she was abducted during his watch. Lakshman simply excused himself saying, she was his sister-in-law and he never looked at her face, so he wouldn't be able to identify her,\" Jethmalani had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "curchorem", "code": "17162773", "title": "Maid death: Girl 12 not 15; family booked", "text": "Curchorem: Investigations into the missing domestic help whose remains were recently found at Mirabag have revealed that the girl was 12 and not 15 years old as stated by her employers.Sources at the Curchorem police station said an offence under sections of the Goa Children's Act has been booked against the Barreto family and for not intimating the Child Welfare Board as mandated by the Act.Police are also probing why the missing report was filed by Aurin Barreto only on October 11, when the girl disappeared on September 26. Her skeletal remains were found in a cashew plantation on November 6.The girl, identified as Sharanamma Viresh Amu Dukappa, was a native of Hulgunchi, Raichur, Karnataka. Police sources said a police team is in Andhra Pradesh to trace her parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17164991", "title": "Student crushed to death by tractor", "text": "BOKARO: A Class VII boy was killed after being hit by a tractor when he was going to school on his bicycle at Tetradih in Jaridih on Friday.Following the incident, the local residents blocked the road demanding compensation and arrest of the driver of the tractor. The blockade was lifted after police officers along with block development officer of Jaridih pacified the agitators. The deceased has been identified as Rohit Kumar, a student of Government Middle School, Jainamoad. He was a resident of Gopalpur village. \"The tractor hit Kumar from backside following which he fell on the road and come under the wheels,\" police said. While the tractor has been seized, its driver managed to flee. Police have lodged FIR in this connection with Jaridih police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "17162816", "title": "'Additional duties to CO, JE delaying Quepem civic work'", "text": "QUEPEM: Chairperson of Quepem municipal council (QMC) Dayesh Naik has stated that delays in official work, including the issuing of certificates, are as a result of the chief officer and junior engineer having additional duties in other departments. Naik has requested the government to appoint full time officials for smooth functioning of the council.Speaking to TOI in the presence of councillor Cathy Fernandez, Naik said that after the sudden death of the then junior engineer, more then a year ago, QMC does not have a full time junior engineer as the present JE has additional duties at Cuncolim municipal council. Besides this, the present chief officer Pandarinath Naik has additional duties at Hospicio hospital, Margao, as administrative officer and also at the Goa rehabilitation board as a member secretary, he said.Naik further said that it is difficult to process the files in the absence of both the officials. Work of the general public is held up causing commotion in the office. Criticizing the government for not appointing the officials he said that although Cuncolim, Curchorem and Quepem come under the B-class category, Cuncolim and Curchorem municipal councils have 1 assistant engineer and 2 junior engineers and also a full-fledged chief officer each. This shows the step motherly treatment given by the government to the QMC by depriving it of its officials, he said.\"We have submitted representations to the concerned minister and the directorate of municipal administration, but no action has been taken till date,\" he said adding that QMC has a shortage of staff including drivers and labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17165377", "title": "China's new first lady: A star in her own right", "text": "BEIJING: She sports Tibetan costume or military uniform and regales Chinese audiences with folk and patriotic songs. Until recently, Peng Liyuan, a star singer, was a lot more popular than her politician husband, Xi Jinping , slated to become China's next President.Peng, 49, who began as an ordinary soldier and occupies a civilian position as major-general, sings folk and Chinese adaptations of western pop. In a country where wives of politicians are rarely seen in public functions, she is a rarity. She easily gets hundreds of military men waving and dancing during her performances of revolutionary and patriotic songs.Last year, Peng burst into the international volunteering scenario as the WHO declared her the goodwill ambassador for HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis. She joined Microsoft founder in May to launch a major anti-smoking campaign in China.Peng is expected to play an important public role after Xi's elevation as China's president is formally approved by the National People's Congress, the Chinese parliament, in March 2012. China observers think she might use her musical talent to propagate Beijing's case with Tibetans, and raise people's sentiments against Japan's \"occupation\" of Diaoyu Islands, which is claimed by China.An important question is whether China's next first lady would play the kind of public role that wives of American presidents enact. China has no history of \"first wives\" playing major roles - with the exception of Mao Zedong's infamous wife Jiang Qing , who played a key role in the Cultural Revolution.Peng is expected to be more active in public life but might initially keep a low profile to avoid unnecessary controversies for her husband, observers said. She did not appear in the China Central Television's gala event after Xi's promotion in 2008.Adored as a soprano, Peng is also a member of China People's Political Consultative Conference, one of the two houses of parliament. Their daughter, Xi Mingze, who studies at Harvard, made headlines when she volunteered for relief work after the earthquake in Sichuan in 2008 at age 16.Her following in the Chinese military is almost unrivaled by any woman in history. Peng's famous performances like 'We Are The Yellow River' and 'We Are Mount Taishan' draw a picture of a harmonious Chinese society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17163033", "title": "Arun Tikku murder: Vijay Palande, Sood\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s custody extended", "text": "MUMBAI: A court on Friday extended the police custody of murder accused Vijay Palande and Simran Sood in a cheating and forgery case. The duo, who were in judicial custody for the murder of Arun Tikku, have been remanded in police custody till November 11.According to the prosecution, the duo had provided fake names and documents to procure a flat on rent in Amboli. Palande also allegedly killed Karan Kakkad in the same flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17162793", "title": "Sesa's new FTS arrives at Mormugao from China", "text": "PANAJI: M V Royal Sesa, a floating transfer station (FTS) with an unladen weight of 4,275 tones for loading iron ore offshore from barges onto ocean going vessels, is finally afloat at the Mormugao harbour and anchored east of breakwater.The FTS, built for Sesa Goa by Chengxi shipyard, China, sailed onboard a mother vessel, Super Servant 3, owned by Dockwise Limited, a Netherlands firm, on a 17-day journey from Jiangyin, China, to Mormugao harbour.\"She arrived on November 6 and was floated on November 8,\" a company official said.The journey was slow as the FTS sailed inside the mother vessel. \"The tow vessel, the Super Servant 3 had arrangements to secure the barge from rolling down during the voyage,\" the source said.The company had floated a global bid to engage a firm for towing it. One of the conditions specified that the vessel possess suitable semi-submersible equipment to carry the barge. \"In an operation hardly seen in Mormugao harbour, two tugs pulled the mother vessel into the water, which allowed the barge to emerge from it,\" another source said.The work on the vessel had started in June 2012 and it had undergone sea trials for three days in August, in China. It was later taken back to the Chengxi shipyard for outfitting.With a length of 92.4m, breadth of 28m and draft of 6.5m, the FTS has two cranes and a self unloading system on it. \"The barge can transfer cargo from the ocean-going bulk carriers to barges or vice versa,\" an official said.The officials are tight-lipped about revealing the cost of the vessel, but conceded that it had arrived at a wrong time during the mining crisis. \"We will look at other options of its use to load coke from vessels onto our barges and also by other companies,\" the official added.Sesa Goa limited, a Vedanta group company, has been involved in iron ore exploration, mining, beneficiation and exports for more than five decades. Sesa Goa has stated in its tender that it is India's largest producer and exporter of iron ore in the private sector with operations in Goa and Karnataka. Recently, it has acquired 51% stake in Western Cluster Limited, a Liberia-based company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17162533", "title": "Molestation case: Four get police custody", "text": "Four labourers working at the Cuncolim industrial estate, who were arrested by Quepem police for the alleged molestation of a 12-year-old minor girl from Akamoll, were produced before the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) court at Quepem. The court has remanded them to seven days police custody.After the girl's mother filed the complaint against accused Raj Kumar Sukha, Rahul Kumar, Rampal Harijan and Suraj Natu Chavhan, Quepem police registered the FIR. ASI Biradar, who is investigating the case under the supervision of PI Santosh Dessai, informed that all the four accused will be paraded in front of the minor girl to identify the main accused.Brit rescued from drowning off Baga beach: Karen Moore, a tourist from England, was rescued from drowning off Baga beach on Thursday afternoon by Drishti lifeguards. Drishti lifeguards said Moore, 54, was swimming in a non-swim zone at around 12.15pm. After a while she decided to venture into slightly deeper waters and found it difficult to stay afloat because of the strong current. Lifeguards rushed to her assistance when she gestured for help and brought her safely to the shore.Grocery store burgled in Candolim: A popular grocery store was burgled at Ximer in Candolim recently. Siddesh Dukle, 35, who runs the popular Dukle store at Ximer, Candolim, lodged a complaint with the Calangute police stating that some unknown persons effected entry into his shop by removing the roof tiles and robbed 3,000 which had been kept in a cupboard. Police have registered an offence under Section 457 and Section 380 of the IPC and are conducting further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163495", "title": "Norway NRI kids in fresh custody row", "text": "KOLKATA: A day has passed since the Burdwan child welfare committee (CWC) ruled that interim custody of Abhigyan, 4, and Aishwarya, 2, be given to their mother Sagarika Chakraborty, but the district police and administration are yet to facilitate the release of the two children from the foster care of their uncle Arunabhash Chakraborty.A Norwegian court had sent the children back to India in April this year under the condition that the children would be in the custody of Arunabhash. But CWC Burdwan passed the order on Thursday in favour of Sagarika.\"I was hopeful of reuniting with my children but I returned empty-handed as the police did not cooperate to facilitate the release of the children from my in-laws' house,\" Sagarika said.The police say they have followed the law. \"We can't hand over the children to the mother unless we are shown the court order. Under the agreement between India and Norway governments, the children are to stay with their uncle till they attain the age of 18 years,\" said Kulti police station IC Asit Pandey.The two kids were taken away by the Norwegian child care agency to a foster care home due to 'lack of parental care'. After the Indian government's intervention, the children were sent back in April this year. Sagarika, who alleged that she was not encouraged to meet her children by her in-laws, had moved the CWC in June this year for custody rights.\"Along with expert assistance, we have evaluated the children, their condition in the foster home and capability of their mother to take care of them. We have found the mother to be fit to take care of the children and their foster care to have failed in his duties towards the children,\" said the order.It also said under Indian law, foster care is a temporary measure with the aim of restoration of foster children to their parents wherever possible. \"Notwithstanding any agreements or court orders as to foster care, the child welfare committee is duty bound to change the foster carer or restore foster children to a parent if continuation in foster care is no longer necessary or beneficial for them,\" says the order. \"In this case, the father does not reside in India and the children are being restored to the mother as the parent present in India.\"\"If I did not love my children and long to be with them why would I be fighting for the custody for almost two years now? Despite the CWC order, police have not cooperated. I want to be reunited with my children as soon as possible,\" said Sagarika.Arunabhash was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17164148", "title": "Pay more to use DND flyway", "text": "NOIDA: Motorists using the Delhi Noida Direct (DND) flyway will have to shell out more toll charges from Saturday. The hike comes after approval by Noida Authority. While four wheelers will now have to pay Rs 25 instead of Rs 22, two wheelers will be charged Rs 12 instead of Rs 11. Light vehicles will have to pay Rs 55, instead of Rs 45 and the current toll of Rs 55 for heavy vehicles has been hiked to Rs 70. The hike will be implemented from 12am of November 10.Sources said the Noida Toll Bridge Company Ltd (NTBCL) had proposed to Noida Authority to implement a hike of about 36% for four-wheelers, increasing the toll to Rs 30 instead of the current Rs 22, about a fortnight ago. However, the Authority insisted that toll rates be hiked by a maximum of 9-13% for two-wheelers and four-wheelers to \"minimize the burden on the public.\"The Authority CEO is one of the directors on the DND flyway board and, hence, proposals towards a hike are sent to him annually in accordance with their agreement. NTBCL added that a major reason behind hiking the toll rates was to bring the fee to a \"round figure\" and reduce the problem of loose change and minimize time spent by a vehicle at the toll plaza.\"NTBCL's fee revision committee had proposed to hike the toll rates by 30%. However, the Authority insisted that we must not impose a steep burden on commuters and we agreed with that,\" said Anwar Abbasi, spokesperson for NTBCL.Earlier in September, NTBCL had proposed a hike in toll rates but the Authority had refused. The last time toll rates were hiked was exactly a year ago. In November last year, the Authority had rejected NTBCL's initial proposal to hike the toll charges by 25%. NTBCL had said that if a 25% hike was approved, it would not propose another hike for the next two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17164122", "title": "Small blazes still, 5 fire tenders on standby", "text": "BANGALORE: The fire that gutted a paint godown and garment manufacturing unit in Garvebhavipalaya off Hosur Road on Thursday, kept the firefighters busy on Friday as well. Although the department of fire and emergency services announced that after nine hours, the inferno was doused completely, since Thursday night, small fires continue to fare up.BK Hampagol, deputy director (technical), department of fire and emergency services, said: \"We were able to bring down the entire building using JCBs . But we were not able to douse the fire completely because of the presence of thinner and other material in the godown. We suspect that due to the high temperatures, the chemicals are catching fire. We felt the need to send 10 fire tenders initially. But with the situation getting better, we called back five,\" he said.The cause of the fire is yet to be determined. As the temperatures in the gutted building are high and chemicals are still inside it, the firefighters were not able to inspect the building.On Thursday, city police commissioner Jyoti Prakash Mirji said that a case will be registered against the building owner for negligence. But on Friday, Madiwala police said that they were waiting for him to come and file a statement. \"We telephoned him and he said he would come and give a statement. Even the officials of Berger Paints and the garment manufacturing unit have not reported to us yet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163066", "title": "No arrest in driver lynching case", "text": "NAGPUR: No arrest has been made so far in the lynching of truck driver Vinayak Shendre by an enraged mob after he knocked dead a 15-year-old boy and injured six other students on Thursday evening at Ganeshpur village near Butibori on NH7.Akshay Dhoke, a ninth standard student, had succumbed to his injuries on the spot. Among his six other injured friends, four-- Chandan Mandal, Komal Rai, Rahul Daheriya and Pragati Gupta-- are out of danger. They are being treated at a private hospital in city. Other two were discharged after preliminary treatment.Akshay and his seven friends were walking in two rows at home at Ganeshpur from their school when the drunk truck driver came at high speed and hit them. Shendre was trying to flee with the truck as the students lay injured on the road. Enraged by this, some onlookers chased the truck to some distance and dragged Shendre from the truck.Within minutes, more villagers gathered and the mob beat Shendre to death before the police could reach. Cops rushed him to nearby rural hospital where he was declared brought dead. There was tension at the spot till midnight. Heavy police force was deployed. The traffic was restored after some hours. Police had used batons to bring the crowd under control.On Friday, Akshay's and Shendre's post mortem was conducted at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). Butibori PI Kalyan Singh Rajput said there was no tension at the mortuary and the villagers cooperated. \"Investigations are underway. The accused are not yet identified and hence no arrest has been made so far,\" said Rajput.Jagdish Mandal, who rushed the injured children to hospital in his car, said the villagers had calmed down and there was no protest by them on Friday. \"They were infuriated by Akshay's death and injury to other students and hence beat up Shendre. Now they are supporting police as well as Akshay's parents,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163777", "title": "Vidarbha tiger reserves get 12 of 13 range forest officers", "text": "NAGPUR: In a big boost to protected areas (PAs), 12 of the 13 newly recruited range forest officers (RFOs) have been posted in three tiger reserves in Vidarbha.In 2008, state government had appointed 47 RFOs through direct recruitment. This is the first batch after a ban on recruitment for nearly a decade from 1998 till 2007.Of the 47 RFOs, 44 underwent training in forest staff colleges in Burnihut in Assam , Nainital in Uttarakhand and Dullapalli in Andhra Pradesh.One of the batches of 13 RFOs that completed training was issued appointment letters in October. On Friday, of these 13 RFOs, 12 were posted in Melghat, Tadoba-Andhari and Pench tiger reserves. A few months ago, 149 foresters were promoted as RFOs. One batch of 11 RFOs will join in 2013.The newly recruited RFOs were guided by head of forest force (HOFF) AK Joshi, chief wildlife warden SWH Naqvi and additional PCCFs (APCCFs) Anmol Kumar and Sarjan Bhagat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17164882", "title": "RTO office functions in run-down building", "text": "BELGAUM: The regional transport office building in Belgaum city is in a state of utter disrepair. Not only does it lack facilities, it is also unfit to house an office that is vital to the public and sees thousands of footfalls daily. No wonder, the people and staffers are unhappy and are hoping it gets a facelift soon.Located near Sangolli Rayanna Circle, Shivaji Nagar, the office was opened here in 1969. But it is hardly equipped with facilities like a proper training or trial centre or even basic name boards for the convenience of the public. The seized vehicles are parked in a haphazard manner. The building appears to be badly in need of maintenance and hasn't been painted in years. Creepers appear to have taken over in some parts of the building and there is thick shrubbery that needs to be cleared.People who come to the office for licence purpose are upset with its bad upkeep and facilities. Rahul S, one of the visitors to the office, said, \"The office looks ugly and the system here needs to be set right at the earliest; there is no proper name board displayed in the office. The authorities concerned should take immediate steps to renovate the building.\"With the premises unclean and crying for renovation, even the staff, who did not want their identity disclosed, said authorities should immediately look for an alternative place for the office.Or else, they feel the present office should be totally dismantled and a new construction should come up in its place. When this was brought to the notice of RTO Hemadri, he said, \"The present office building is on lease and it belongs to the army cantonment. A proposal was sent to the government for a separate RTO building. Once we get the place we will start on the construction and come out with good building with all the required facilities for people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17165711", "title": "5 held for dacoity in Hassan", "text": "HASSAN: Hassan district police nabbed five dacoits on Friday. SP Amit Singh said the arrested have been identified as Sunil Kumar, 27, R Chandrashekar, 30, Venugopal, 24, Ashwath, 25, and Bhaskar, 25.All five were residents of Bangalore and were held for the dacoity in Belur-Halebeedu Road on October 28 and Chikmagalur-Kadur highway.Dacoits were arrested in Hosakere, Girinagar in Bangalore. The gang would stop four-wheelers on highways and rob the occupants of cash, jewellery and other valuables at knifepoint, said police.Four cellphones, a car and jewellery worth Rs 1.5 lakh was recovered from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17165505", "title": "Raisen collector, SP summoned", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) has censured the district administration in the incident of death of a farmer in Raisen during an agitation in May this year.The Commission has summoned Raisen collector, Mohan Lal Meena, SP IP Kulshreshtha and four other officials to appear before its two-member bench on December 21.The commission observed that police fired 18 rounds of bullets from AK47 rifle and 5 rounds from 9 mm pistol on the famers leading to the death of the farmer ,Hari Singh in Bareli tehesil of Raisen.\"Stern action would be initiated against the officials if they fail to turn up before the commission on the given date\", said acting chairman of the commission justice AK Saxena.Commission observed that famers protest was mainly due to laxity of officials. Due to lack of gunny bags, the process of weighing and selling wheat was getting delayed, the commission observed.Without understanding the issue, administration kept on sending SMSs to famers for getting their agriculture produce at the grain markets. It resulted into a mess and agriculture produce got soggy, which latter sparked agitation by farmers.However, despite having the complete information of famers' problem and their scheduled protest on May 7, the administration did nothing to avert it. It rather used force and opened fire on famers, the commission observed.\"We have observed that this act of local administration there violated the human rights,\" said the joint director (PR) Rohit Mehta.Indefinite curfew was clamped in Bareli town after the incident in which 42 people were injured in the police firing. The protest was organized by the Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS), an affiliate of the ruling BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164160", "title": "Push for cash transfers via Aadhar platform", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is moving rapidly to enable cash transfers through the Aadhar platform with 51 districts to be covered by January 1, 2013, and half the country four months later \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a bid to rollout an initiative aimed at streamlining subsidies while also earning votes.The plan is to put money directly into bank accounts of beneficiaries of government schemes like scholarships, cheap food under the Public Distribution System, subsidized cooking gas, rural employment guarantees and ultimately even fertilizer sold at a discount to farmers.The decision to fast forward cash transfers comes soon after Aadhar card number 21 crore was recently handed out at Dudu in Rajasthan at a ceremony attended by Prime Minister Mamohan Singh, Congress president Sonia Gandhi and finance minister P Chidambaram .With big ticket programmes like the food security Act and the bill on land acquisition and rehabilitation stuck in the legislative and Cabinet consultation process, cash transfers seem doable, giving the government an opportunity to merge reforms with political returns.The PM-headed national committee on cash transfers will meet to consider roadmap and timelines on November 26.Pilot projects have shown that transferring cash to accounts through a digitized base drawn up on the basis of the Aadhar enumeration can substantially reduce bogus beneficiaries and curb diversion of subsidized goods.The government is also considering the viability of transferring money to bank accounts held in the names of women members of a family to see if this addresses fears of cash being misspent while controlled by males. Cash transfers are seen as vote enhancer by increasing a sense of entitlement.A meeting convened by Pukok Chatterji, principal secretary to the PM, on Friday decided that ministries will send to the PMO and Planning Commission lists of schemes, roadmaps and timelines by November 20.The Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ) is to set up special cells to work out technical detail of cash transfers and will also roll out Aadhar in accordance to the roadmap that the government finally agrees on.The big hitch in cash transfers is the need to improve financial inclusion as poor beneficiaries may not have bank accounts and be at a disadvantage in operating them as well. Access to banking is a big issue and the PMO has asked the department of financial services to examine likely solutions that can include period outreach to remote areas to train and monitor beneficiaries.Cash transfers can, in the immediate context, be more doable in urban settings. The government is looking to draw lessons from pilot projects but will need to work with states to digitize beneficiary bases. The states often disseminate schemes on the ground.Aadhar will hold possibilities for the states as well since most of them have programmes similar to the ones offered by the Centre like monetary assistance to new mothers and medical coverage to below poverty line population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17162485", "title": "Is Gopichand paying for others' faults?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Is the chief national badminton coach Pullela Gopichand being made to pay for a clutch of decisions taken not by him, but some players and the Badminton Association of India?Gopi has been accused by Mumbai-based shuttler Prajakta Sawant of not giving her preferred doubles partner, when in reality the decision was taken by other players and not the chief coach. For instance, when Ashwini Ponnappa was left without a partner after Jwala Gutta decided to take a sabbatical, the Karnataka player was given the right to choose her partner, given her stature as a Commonwealth Games gold medal winner and a bronze medalist at the Worlds. Ashwini picked up Pradnya Gadre, who until then was partnering Prajakta.Pradnya too seemed happy with this development as Prajakta and her father had apparently accused her partners - Pradnya in doubles and Pranav Chopra in mixed - of not performing well which was hurting Prajakta's game. A miffed Prajakta then left for Mumbai without informing anyone and, in fact, shot off a mail to Gopichand that he was harassing her and she may be forced to commit suicide because of his actions.Stung by the accusation, Gopichand informed BAI and asked them to intervene. He also insisted that unless she withdraws the email and apologises, BAI should not allow her to join the camp. Gopi was also worried that if something untoward happens at the camp he would be held accountable.Consequently, BAI appointed a one-man committee (Pradeep Gandhe) to investigate the issue. However, Prajakta was unhappy even with that. She claimed that Gandhe will not do justice to her since he's close to Pradnya's father. In his report, Gandhe is learnt to have observed that the matter can be solved amicably if Prajakta withdraws the email and apologises to Gopichand. But even before BAI could act, Prajatka's family moved the Bombay High Court which allowed the shuttler to attend the camp.Sources reveal that this is not the first time that Prajatka has accused someone of bias. A few years back, a Mumbai referee was summoned by the police after Prajakta filed a case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162700", "title": "Class 10 student hangs himself in Borivli apartment", "text": "MUMBAI: A 15-year-old schoolboy committed suicide at his Borivli (W) residence on Thursday evening. The boy was a class X student at Don Bosco High School, Gorai. He resided in an IC Colonyflat with his family. No suicide note was found.Police officials said the boy was facing problems with his studies and was more inclined towards sports. He had been enrolled in two tuition classes but was having a tough time with maths and science.His parents would egg him to focus on his studies, the police said.The boy's father works in the merchant navy while his mother is a teacher. His older sister is a first-year degree college student. His relatives stay in the same society as him on Holy Cross Road.\"Between 6.30 and 7.30pm on Thursday, the boy hanged himself from the ceiling fan in the living room of his flat. His parents and sister had gone out for some personal work. When his parents returned, there was no response to their knocks. They then opened the door with a spare set of keys and were shocked to find their son hanging. He was rushed to hospital, where doctors declared him dead,\" a police official said. The MHB Colony police was informed and the body was sent for an autopsy.A classmate said the boy appeared normal when they met him at school on Thursday morning. They got their corrected algebra paper on Thursday, said his classmate.The boy's birthday was on Tuesday.\"Though he celebrated the birthday in school, he was planning another party for his friends on Saturday,\" said Fr William Falcao, manager of Don Bosco school. The principal, Father George Carlos, said that the boy's suicide has come as a shock to the whole school. \"He was mischievous but a good athlete,\" said one of his classmates.\"He was mischievous and talkative but a good athlete. He played football with us and was always cheerful. Our exams were over a month ago and we had a discussion about them,\" said one of his classmates.Don Bosco School cancelled its Diwali celebrations halfway on Friday, on learning about the boy's death. \"Thursday was the last working day of the school before the Diwali vacations. On Friday, the children were asked to wear colourful clothes to celebrate Diwali in school. After half an hour, the celebrations were called off and the children were asked to return home,\" said a parent.An accidental death case has been registered by the MHB Colony police and the autopsy report is awaited. \"We do not suspect any foul play. We will question his friends and check his phone records,\" a police official said. The family's statements are being recorded by the police. His funeral will be held on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164091", "title": "Govt to act against air pollution soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's action plan to curb air pollution is ready and will be presented to the cabinet in the coming week. The environment department has prepared a list of actions that will be taken immediately to avoid another case of smog, like the one that had the city enveloped for over a week recently.\"The large scale smog and haze that set in over the capital on October 28 has had the government worried, even though they seem to be pointing fingers at other states for its pollution levels. The Clean Air Agenda will look at various aspects of air pollution and measures to control them under 10 major points,\" said sources.In its list of immediate actions, the government will come down strongly on open burning of leaves and garbage. It has also been suggested that discoms install temporary pre-paid electricity meters for power supply to baraat ghars and marriage halls in a bid to discourage use of diesel generator sets, especially in light of the marriage season. Battery-operated LED lights may also end up replacing the traditional ones and chandeliers used for such processions.According to Sanji Kumar, Delhi environment secretary, action will also be taken against visibly polluting vehicles moving within the city and also against those entering the city from other states. Around 121 entry points will be monitored by the corporations, traffic police and transport department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17164301", "title": "Anandakanakam shifted from fast venue to hospital", "text": "KOZHIKODE: K Anandakanakam, chairperson of the campaign committee against corruption, who had been staging an indefinite hunger strike at Mananchira for the last eight days, was arrested and forcibly removed from the fast venue on Friday.She had been on strike since November 2 demanding the resignation of deputy mayor P T Abdul Latheef against whom a case is pending in the vigilance court. She had also demanded the dissolution of the corporation council if Latheef was not ready to resign.Tension prevailed for a while when ADM K P Ramadevi along with a posse of police arrived at the venue on Friday afternoon. Anandakanakam protested against being shifted to the medical college. The ADM promised to address her demands and present a report on the issue to the chief minister. Anandakanakam said she would continue her hunger strike in the hospital. Doctors said she was being kept under observation.Five members of the committee \u00e2\u20ac\u201d human rights activist Grow Vasu, PT John, Left coordination committee leader K S Hariharan and members of the campaign committee K Ambika and VP Suhara \u00e2\u20ac\u201d started a hunger strike at the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17162777", "title": "Now, two monitor lizards rescued from Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: Two monitor lizards, which is a protected species, were rescued by a team of the animal rescue squad (ARS) in Mapusa on Friday.A five-feet long monitor lizard was spotted at the residence of Deepti Phadke from housing board colony at Mapusa. The family later informed the ARS team who immediately came and rescued the reptile. Just two days earlier, another monitor lizard, 3.5 feet long,was rescued from the house of Vijay Jait in the same locality.\"Monitor lizards maintain the ecological balance and it is a very rare species which comes under Wildlife Protection Act,\" said ARS activist John Fernandes. Both the reptiles were released to their habitats, Fernandes said.The species protected under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972 and categorised under Schedule I and are found mostly in forests. They are poached both for their skin and meat. The skin of monitor lizard is said to be used for the preparation of percussion instruments and there is also local demand for the meat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17164889", "title": "Nehru birthday a low-key affair, but DMK upbeat", "text": "TRICHY: The birthday of K N Nehru, DMK's Trichy strongman, was a subdued affair post the killing of his brother Ramajayam. Under normal circumstances, it would have been a celebrations in the run-up to Diwali, but was low-key as not even a year has passed since the murder of his brother. Tradition also does not allow him to celebrate his birthday, given the gloom in the family in recent months.Though Nehru's close aides had instructed followers not to make a show of his birthday this time around, the steady flow of DMK cadres proved that Nehru was still by far powerful in Trichy. Amid rumours that the leader had gone to Chennai leaving his followers high and dry, he appeared in their midst at the party office early as 7.30 am and received well-wishers in a calm and composed manner. The loss of his brother has indeed taken a heavy toll on him, but he was his usual self dishing out instructions to one and all. He left after a while, only to reappear at 3.30 pm. This time, a number of DMK leaders such as former minister I Periyasamy, Sankarankoil MP Thangavelu and Karur DMK secretary Nanniyoor Rajendran were there to greet Nehru. The secretary of the Tamil Nadu Traders Federation, Govindarajulu, also visited Nehru in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17168120", "title": "RTOs work on holidays to cater to recalibration rush", "text": "MUMBAI: The RTOs in Mumbai will be working on Sundays and on some of the Divali holidays to cater to the rush for recalibrating new e-meters for autos and taxis. The deadline for recalibrating all e-meters has been set as November 25. State transport commissioner V N More told TOI that there will be no extension of deadline as demanded by some of the taxi and auto unions leaders.\"We appeal to drivers to rush to the nearest RTO and get the meters recalibrated as per the new tariff rates. If they fail to do so, we will begin cracking a whip from November 26,'' he warned. The RTO plans to deploy flying squads across the island city and suburbs from November 26 to keep tabs on autos/taxis that have failed to recalibrate its meters. The drivers will be issued showcause notices, imposed with hefty fines and directed to recalibrate within three days, sources said. Taxi union leader A L Quadros said the taxi unions may agitate if there was \"undue pressure\" on them to recalibrate all meters. \"There is a shortage of e-meters in the market request the transport commissioner to extend the deadline by a few months,'' he stated.More, however, said there was no question of extending the deadline. \"There is no shortage of e-meters and all drivers should comply with the government rule,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17165295", "title": "Green energy: Diesel to be made from sugar", "text": "LONDON: Sweet diesel! Scientists have discovered a process to convert sugar directly into renewable diesel that could replace fossil fuels used in vehicles.University of California , Berkeley scientists found that a long-abandoned fermentation process once used to turn starch into explosives can be used to produce renewable diesel.Researchers teamed up to produce diesel fuel from the products of a bacterial fermentation discovered nearly 100 years ago by the first president of Israel, chemist Chaim Weizmann. The retooled process produces a mix of products that contain more energy per gallon than ethanol that is used today in transportation fuels and could be commercialized within 5-10 years.While the fuel's cost is still higher than diesel or gasoline made from fossil fuels, scientists said the process would drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from transportation, one of the major contributors to global climate change.\"What I am really excited about is that this is a fundamentally different way of taking feed-stocks \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sugar or starch \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and making all sorts of renewable things, from fuels to commodity chemicals like plastics,\" said Dean Toste, professor of chemistry and co-author in a statement.The late Weizmann's process employs the bacterium Clostridium acetobutylicum to ferment sugars into acetone, butanol and ethanol.Researchers developed a way of extracting the acetone and butanol from the fermentation mixture while leaving most of the ethanol behind, while developing a catalyst that converted this ideally-proportioned brew into a mix of long-chain hydrocarbons that resembles the combination of hydrocarbons in diesel fuel.Tests showed that it burned about as well as normal petroleum-based diesel fuel. \"It looks very compatible with diesel, and can be blended like diesel to suit summer or winter driving conditions in different states,\" said coauthor Harvey Blanch.The process is versatile enough to use a broad range of renewable starting materials, from corn sugar (glucose) and cane sugar (sucrose) to starch, and would work with non-food feed-stocks such as grass, trees or field waste in cellulosic processes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17165092", "title": "Brighten up Diwali with variety of candles", "text": "VARANASI: As the countdown for festival of lights has begun, local markets are flooded with numerous varieties of candles and candlesticks. Interestingly, the candles makers of the city are mostly from Muslim families. At the same time, if the candle makers in the city are to believed, city supplies more than 30 percent requirement of candles in the state during Diwali.The congested lanes and by-lanes of Raja Darwaja market leads to several small-scale candle manufacturing units. According to Javed (name changed), owner of one such small-scale enterprise, the candle preparations starts from three months prior to Diwali. The locally prepared candles have not suffered with the arrival of fax based, aromatic and fancy candles, due to wide range of customers. From retailers and wholesalers in Jaunpur, Ghazipur, Azamgarh, Chandauli, Mughalsarai and other cities to local shops, makeshift stores and village markets in and around Varanasi are the buyers of these non-scented, simple candles, informed Javed.Dinu, a candle maker since last 40 years shares, earlier candle manufacturing was less profitable. At present demand is increasing and every manufacturer has prepared over two lakh candles. Some manufacturers in the area who are pioneer in the field are also coming up with different shapes and sizes of the candles breaking the conventional trend of simple candle. The round shaped and diya shaped candles are new developments by the candle makers of Varanasi, however they are produced on a small scale.It may be noted that while Raja Darwaja is the hub of candle makers and a majority of production is done by machines, the manual rolling of candles can also be found in households at Aurangabad, Sonia, Gola market, Kabir Chaura and other areas.Besides, the fruit shaped candle is the new arrival in the list of fancy candles. The gift wrap candles in the shape of apple, mango , strawberry, banana are selling extensively in the markets.Besides, artistic candle stands, flowers and cartoon shaped candles, floating candles, gel based candles, sparkling candles are also attracting customers. However, there is no fancy candle industry in the city. According to Sanjay, a wholesaler of articles in Haraha Sarai market, the fancy and decorative candles are arriving from Lucknow and Delhi. In the price range of Rs 20 to Rs 500, these candles are basically serving the gifting purposes. For lighting purpose on Diwali, people are buying scented candles which is affordable with Rs 10 per dozen and comes in normal, he informed.Artificial flowers to add colourArtificial flowers, adding colour in the decoration of Diwali lights, are selling abundantly these days. The artificial flowers made of clothes, fibre, plastic and wood are attracting customers.A local supplier said that the flowers are available in price range of Rs 60 to Rs 600 per dozen. The flowers are purchased from Delhi but its final preparation in the form of garlands, strands, wall hangings, welcome note and other forms is done by women in Varanasi.Vases and jars for expensive decoration are also available. A shopkeeper in Sigra said most of the flowers are purchased to decorate the entrance of the house, balcony, ceilings and doors. To meet the requirement of original flowers, some perfumed varieties are also coming in the markets. The silk garland (locally called reshami mala) is also selling like hot cakes. A manufacturer and trader in Rajadarwaja market said that the garland is prepared from the waste taken out during 'katai' (cutting process) of Banarasi sarees. The waste thread is used in making these garlands, which is sent to almost all the cities of the country and Nepal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17168261", "title": "BEST to suspend the bus shunter involved in accident", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST is likely to suspend the bus shunter who was involved in negligent driving leading to the death of a sweeper at the Goregaon depot late on Thursday night. A senior BEST official alleged that prima facie, it was \"negligence\" on part of the bus shunter as he had not followed proper guidelines while reversing the bus at the depot. \"The shunter is supposed to take assistance of a bellman, who rings the bell and checks for any obstruction when the bus is reversing. But the shunter, Prakash Salunke, reversed without his help and ran the bus over the sweeper,'' the official said.The BEST will conduct a detailed inquiry and will be suspending the accused person, sources said. The official further said that shunters are not regular drivers. \"They don't drive passengers in our buses. They are recruited to drive empty buses within the depots and also from one depot to another. The accident occurred near the washing shed,'' he stated. The BEST has issued special directives to all bus shunters to follow proper procedures while driving buses within the depot. There are 25 bus depots owned by BEST across the island city and suburbs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167257", "title": "Gulabi leader, Sampat Pal exits the Bigg Boss", "text": "Known for her pink sarees and women's liberation viewpoints, Sampat Pal, leader of the Gulabi gang, exits the Bigg Boss house after a memorable stint of five weeks. Referred loving as 'mataji', Sampat took her time to get along with the other housemates in the house as she had come from a completely different background and lifestyle.Slowly but steadily, Sampat opened up to her activist group of friends including Aseem and Sapna. And after a few days, she was seen talking to the women in the house about their rights.However, her friendship with Sapna didn't last long and the two were soon seen drifting apart and complaining behind each other's back. The highpoint of Sampat's stay in the house came during the Rajneeti task where she took the task a little too seriously and fainted after the result of her team's loss was announced.Sampat however was also sometimes a crowd favorite for her simple persona and innocent humor. She would continuously sing incident relevant songs and entertain the housemates. Her stories and way of speaking was a hit with the housemates who would always listen to them with rapt attention. Sampat even managed to take a dip in the swimming pool towards the final days of her stay in the house, much to the delight of the housemates. The Gulabi gang leader has definitely made a mark in the Bigg Boss house and her absence will be felt amongst the housemates, when it comes to entertainment! We wish her all the best for her future endeavors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17162725", "title": "'State markets to be barrier-free by May 13'", "text": "MARGAO: At a meeting of all municipalities and panchayats from South Goa chaired by urban development minister Francis D'Souza in Margao on Friday, it was decided that all markets and footpaths will be made barrier-free by May 2013 keeping in mind the needs of differently-abled persons.D'Souza reviewed the progress of the work done by the local self government bodies in providing facilities like ramps and toilets for the benefit of the differently-abled in public places. South Goa collector N D Agarwal, who has been closely monitoring the work, was also present .\"Barrier-free markets and footpaths imply that a wheelchair-bound person will be able to access those places with ease. Such facilities will help everybody, including pregnant women , senior citizens, the sick and infirm,\" Agarwal told TOI.Sources said that it was also brought to the notice of the municipalities and panchayats that the government circular issued in 2007 required the authorities to ensure that all new construction projects be equipped with facilities for the differently-abled.Speaking to mediapersons, D'Souza said that the garbage treatment plant at Sonsoddo would be operational by December 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17164332", "title": "Mobile jammers installed at Golden Temple", "text": "AMRITSAR: Two mobile jammers have been installed on Golden Temple's first floor to curb cell phone usage in the sanctum sanctorum of the shrine. SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar told TOI on Friday that the jammers were installed following complaints about \"maddening ring tones and beeps of cell phones which disturbed and obstructed worship.\"Makkar said they had tried various methods like issuing appeals to devotees to switch off their mobiles or at least put them on silent mode while entering the Golden Temple. \"We couldn't have barred people from entering with their cell phones given the everyday rush,\" he said.The SGPC is also planning to install two more jammers inside the temple complex but not near the 'Parikarma' (circumambulation) as sometimes devotees get lost in the crowd and need to be traced by their relatives using phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164683", "title": "House panel seeks detailed report on pricing of petro products", "text": "NEW DELHI: The finance ministry top brass has been asked by a parliamentary panel to present a detailed report on pricing of petroleum products so that the correlation between cost of imports, refining and retail rates can be accurately established.Ministerial officials were subjected to a close examination over the nature of under-recoveries claimed by oil companies with Parliament's finance standing committee chair Yashwant Sinha confessing that despite being a former finance minister, the process continued to puzzle him.Committee members found officials evasive as finance secretary R S Gujral repeatedly said the questions could be best answered by the petroleum ministry, prompting Sinha to ask whether he thought the panel was out of its domain.Gujral, along with economic affairs secretary Arvind Mayaram and revenue secretary Sumit Bose, were asked several searching questions by committee members like CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta, independent MP Rajiv Chandrasekhar, CPM's P Rajeev and BJD's Bhartruhari Mahtab and were finally asked to return with detailed answers.Dasgupta also brought up the controversy over Reliance industries operated KG gas fields, arguing that delays in gas supplies were costing the country in terms of electricity, fertilizers and food production.With proceedings slated to discuss the \"mechanism for revenue realization from sale of petroleum products\", it was hard to see how the finance ministry officials could have expected the discussion to deal with any other area.The main queries from the standing committee members were on whether there has been an overall fall in industrial production, if so what was the quantum of fall in production and whether there were manipulations in pricing which had caused the fall in production. Finally, they were asked about the estimated loss for the exchequer because of the fall in production.Since the top officials were unable to come up with satisfactory replies to any of these questions, they were asked to get back to the panel within two weeks.\"Without going into the technical aspects of production (of gas), the panel asked on what grounds production is sought to be reduced. The broader aspect of accrual of revenue and receipt to the government is what the ministry of finance is concerned about,\" sources said.The committee has decided to call oil ministry representatives in its next meeting and also deliberate on the rising prices of LPG, sources added.The standing committee may not be able to submit its report on the Good and Services Tax (GST) during the forthcoming winter session. \"The committee is awaiting a report on GST from the finance ministry. As soon as we get that, it will start work on GST. It would be difficult for the committee to submit its report on GST during this (winter) session of the Parliament,\" a source said after the meeting. After postponing it thrice, the Centre now aims to introduce GST from April 1, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17164125", "title": "Yelahanka, Attur to get Cauvery water soon", "text": "BANGALORE: Sudhakar Shenoy and 120 other residents of Canara Bank Layout in Yelahanka have been counting every day to see a drop of Cauvery water trickle out of the newly laid taps in their houses. They have been waiting so for more than a decade. They are now likely to get Cauvery water after a fortnight.BWSSB sources said the feeder mains from the GKVG ground level reservoir to supply water to parts of Yelahanka Old Town, Attur Layout and Sanjeevininagar are ready. Water supply to the new connections in these localities should begin in another fortnight.These areas are among 14,000 houses likely to benefit from the Cauvery Drinking Water Supply Scheme Phast II Stage IV that was launched last week.\"We submitted our applications to get water connections and meters 20 days back. The resident welfare association collected it from all 120 households and submitted it to the BWSSB Yelahanka office. Now we know that around 80 of the applications have been cleared and are expecting other formalities to be completed soon. The wait has been about 12 years long,\" said Sudhakar.Anand S, resident of Agahara Layout near Yelahanka, is also waiting to get clean and safe drinking water. \"We have spent thousands of rupees every year to get water through private tankers. We are waiting for our water meters,\" he said.The BWSSB has again appealed to residents of these areas to apply for water connections through simplified forms and process described in Sajala forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17163824", "title": "Nashik sees drop in burglaries after dark but break-ins in the day on the rise", "text": "NASHIK: In what is being viewed as a significant development for the city police in terms of crime control, while there has been a drop in burglaries by 28% compared to last year, there has been a rise in burglaries executed in the day and a fall in thefts committed during the night, over the past 10 months.According to senior police officials, the rise in daytime house break-ins have increased by a whopping 57% compared to the corresponding period, Januray -October, last year.According to figures available with the crime branch of the city police commissionerate, the total number of house break-ins this year till October were recorded at 285. During the same period last year, they were 396 house break-ins - a drop in 111 cases.While day time break-ins stood at 68 last year, these theyhave now increased to 107. In contrast to this statistic, night time break-ins which were at huge 328 until October last year, have dropped by 150, with 178 night time break-ins reported this year. Cops attribute the drop in night time break-ins to nakabandis, combing operations and the various crime control campaigns that were initiated across the city.Police officials pointed out that criminals do study scenarios before executing a burglary. Most burglars are aware that family members are at home during the night hours and therefore do not take risk committing the crime at that time, whereas during the day, especially in nuclear families, most family members are out of the house between 12 noon and 5pm.ACP Ganesh Shinde also said that either there are no watchmen in residential societies or if personal security is present, they are given other errands as domestic help. More than guarding the gate of a society, security guards are often times involved in helping residents complete personal chores which results in security lapses.Most burglars simply look for societies without full time guards, and scan flats that have locks. They then knock the doors of people in a locality, under the pretext of being salesmen, or distant friends, to avail opporunities to scout the flat and location and hone in on the target at the appropriate time. It takes a thief not more than a couple of minutes to break the main door lock entrance with a sharp instrument, head straight towards the cupboard/storewell inside the house break it open in couple of minutes, fetch keys which are usually beneath a sheet of newspaper on the right side of the lockerand cubboard locks and decamp with cash and valuables from an unsupervised flat, Shinde said.He added that during meetings with residents, cops have been making it a point to inform citizens of avoiding keeping excess cash at home. In most cases, police have found that elders refrain from using modern banking facilities and prefer dealing in cash instead which is another red flag to watch forOfficials inform that while police patrolling during night time is constant, it is technically not possible to provide security to each and every residential society during the day time and criminals apparently use this paucity to their advantage. Officials also added that with most police personnel deployed on night duties, it is not always possible for the department to ensure police security in the daytime as well. It is therefore important for citizens to remain vigilant.The Gangapur police station reported has witnessed17 day time break-ins as against 11 last year, until October, Upanagar recorded 17 cases this year as against 14 last year, Sarkarwada has lodged 16 cases as against eight last year and Ambad police station has registered 18 cases as against five day time break-ins last year.Cops also said that most thefts committed were in newer residential areas and not in the congested old areas of the city such like Bhadrakali, Panchavati. Shinde added that that nowadays juveniles or woment were being used execute burgalries especially in commercial establishments like shops.StatsDaytime burglaries (Jan-Oct)2011 201268 107Night burglaries (Jan-Oct)2011 2012178 328", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17165778", "title": "Assembly activities to go online soon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Major activities of Odisha assembly will be soon available online. \"If things go as planned, we will be able to computerize major activities of state assembly like question hour, debates and discussions on different important topics in the House by 2013,\" said panchayati raj and parliamentary affairs minister Kalapataru Das on Friday.The minister said a delegation of rules committee and panel for computer led by speaker of the Odisha assembly, P K Amat visited the parliament of and assembly of Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Rajasthan from November 1 to 7 to study the models being followed there. Of those places, Rajasthan is the first state to implement full-fledged IT-based services in its assembly, he said.Das, who was one of the members of the delegation, said in the first phase they have planned to computerize questions and replies of the question-answer session and make them available online. Subsequently the debates and discussions in the assembly could be made available to the public after seven days, he said. Besides important reports will be made available online, he said, adding that the system will require creation of huge database and would be available in a phased manner.He said the legislators had already been provided with laptops and PCs to facilitate them to work online. They can also send their letters to the ministers concerned or departments through SMS, the minister said, adding that the system will require creation of huge database and will immensely benefit the public. Das, who was one of the members of the delegation, held discussions with the Director General of National Informatics Centre (NIC) in New Delhi for implementing the proposed plan. He said NIC would provide software and impart training to members of OLAs and its staffs. Besides, Odisha Computer Application Centre ( OCAC) would provide hardware to activate the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17164864", "title": "Water released from Vaigai dam, farmers jubilant", "text": "MADURAI: Water was released from the Vaigai dam on Friday, following chief minister J Jayalalithaa's orders for irrigation of 1,50,043 acres in Periyar main canal and Tirumangalam main canal.The sluice gates of the dam were opened in the presence of Madurai district collector Anshul Mishra and Theni district collector Dr K S Palanichamy at noon and farmers in the region were elated. Water is to be released for 137 days from November 9 this year to March 25 next year. It is expected that the discharge would be gradually reduced. The 1,800 cusecs of water that rushed out of the sluices were welcomed with the showering of floral petals by officials and MLAs present at the event.PWD sources said the discharge would based on rainfall as the riverbed had to be wet if farmers were to get the entire benefit of this release. Farmers say this release would be a breather for their crops and thanked the chief minister for this timely gesture. \"We had good rainfall this year but it did not rain in the places where it was required such as Dindigul and Theni,\" said Kumarasamy, a farmer. He said this would definitely help save the present paddy crop.Meanwhile, water was also released from the Sothuparai dam, which was constructed across the Varaganadhi in Theni district. An area of 2,865 acres will benefit from this release, which is expected up to March 15 based on availability of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17162954", "title": "NIMS gets respite till Nov 26", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the high court has granted an interim relief to NIMS which is facing demolition of its hostel building as it allegedly comes under pasture land. The JDA said NIMS' 'encroachment' was likely to be demolished for which it had made all preparations already.The stay at the last moment came from the bench comprising Justice Dalip Singh and Justice Bela M Trivedi who acknowledged that since examinations of the institute are going on and the students staying in the hostel would face hardship if they are disturbed.\"It was pleaded that a student committed suicide in one private college last year owing to last moment harassment. The bench then granted indulgence to use the building in question till November 26 and JDA has been restrained from demolishing the encroachment by then,\" said Virendra Lodha, senior advocate appearing for JDA.Earlier Justice M Rafiq has held the construction to be illegal and an encroachment on pasture land measuring 8125 sq mt in area. The single judge has rejected the contention that the last moment demolition of the building by explosion will affect the students. The division bench, however, accepted the contention to defer demolition of the building.The institute also received some respite from the state government when urban development and housing minister Shanti Dhariwal echoed his views saying building should not be demolished. Talking to media after the empowered committee meeting on Friday, Dhariwal said, \"In my personal view it should not be pulled down\".NIMS had approached the government asking it to take possession of the building instead of bulldozing it. Sources claimed that a middle approach in which building is taken possession and owned by the government could be found so that students of NIMS could stay there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17164386", "title": "Twelve held for protest", "text": "COIMBATORE: Twelve members of a Hindu outfit were arrested by the police for staging road roko in front of the Government Medical College and Hospital, on Friday. The protestors were agitated that the police refused to take a proper complaint against the culprits who assaulted their general secretary, Keshavan alias Sarvanan, (32) while he was on his way to work on Friday morning.Speaking to reporters, Senthil, an outfit member said that Keshavan, a resident of Sanganoor and a construction worker was admitted to the CMCH in the early morning after he was assaulted by five local people, while he was on his way to work. Senthil said that the victim had questioned against the supply of improper drugs at a medical shop in Sanganoor and that is why he was assaulted. But when the issue was taken to the Thudiyalur police station, the police delayed to turn up at the hospital for registering the complaint. However, Thudiyalur police said by the time they could reach the hospital, the outfit members sat on a protest. A case under IPC 147, 294B and 324 has been registered against the cuplrits who attacked Keshavan. the accused are absconding, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17165094", "title": "'Rainwater harvesting solution to arsenic poisoning'", "text": "VARANASI: The geologists at Banaras Hindu University (BHU) have said rainwater harvesting is the best remedy against arsenic contamination of groundwater in the city. Arsenic is highly toxic and a known carcinogenic.\"People affected with arsenic contamination are advised to maintain a nutritious diet, which is often not possible because most of them are neither health conscious nor can afford the suggested line of treatment because of extreme poverty,\" said Prof RP Singh of the department of Geology, BHU. Rainwater harvesting involves collecting water from rooftops to cement tanks for drinking, or channeling the rain into shallow bodies or even wells dug for household use. But this will have to be combined with good sanitation practices, he said.According to his research paper titled 'Human Risk Assessment of Arsenic Contaminated Groundwater in India', arsenic contamination in water is a major human health concern worldwide. The greatest threat to human health arises from arsenic in drinking water because millions of people are at the risk of drinking the water contaminated with the metalloid.In India there is more water ingestion and its rural population is more vulnerable to the adverse affects of arsenic due to undernourishment.Singh said sustained exposure to arsenic may lead to skin lesions, arsenicosis, melonosis, keratosis, jaundice and even cancer. Chemical precipitation was identified as being the most effective means of treatment.Singh said that the highest arsenic concentrations in the world appear to be in the Bengal- deltaic alluvial aquifers, generally at the depth of 20-50m. Due to increased population and their need to meet their food requirements, three or more crops are harvested each year. As a result, excessive groundwater is used. Arsenic and arsenical compounds are found in effluents from metallurgical, ceramic, tanning, dyeing, pesticide, herbicide, insecticide, petroleum refining, inorganic and organic chemical industries, wood and hide preservative, copper smelting and coal combustion, specially low grade brown coal.\"We need to take up necessary measures for optimal utilization of the available water resources. The artificial recharge may be defined as augmenting the natural movement of surface water into underground formations,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163013", "title": "Thieves lock up owners, make away with Rs 1.2 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: The Salangtwar family, residents of Shri Nagar on Manewada Ring Road, paid a huge price for their negligence after they forgot to lock the main door before going to bed on Thursday night. The thieves even locked the family member's room while they were asleep and vamoosed with cash and gold valuables worth Rs 1.5 lakhs.The incident came to light when a member of the family, Ujjwal (25) woke up and found himself locked in. He then alerted his neighbours and asked them to open the door.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17164234", "title": "Gurgaon girl in Doodle4Google contest finals", "text": "GURGAON: A fifth-grader from Amity International School, Gurgaon, has been selected as one of the 12 finalists in the annual Doodle4Google (D4G) 2012 competition by Google India .Ten-year-old Aditi Tiwari, along with the 11 other finalists, has been shortlisted from over 2 lakh initial entries from across India which went through a preliminary round. As a second step, online public voting will be used to choose one winner from each group. Finally, the jury, along with Google Doodler Dennis Hwang, will select the final winning doodle from all the finalists and the winner will be announced on November 12 at an event in the capital. \"The theme for this year's competition was Unity in Diversity for which I have drawn people of different cultures performing different dance forms like Bhangra, Bharatnatyam etc,\" said Aditi. Aditi calls her doodle 'Unity in Cultural Diversity'.\"I have seen all these dance forms and read in books about the culture of various states so that's how the idea came to me,\" she added.Entries were open from November 5 and were to close on November 10 for online voting for users to choose the winner. The public can vote for these shortlisted entries by logging on to:http://www.google.co.in/doodle4google/.\"Aditi has put in her efforts. Now it is our turn to appreciate her efforts and vote for her,\" said Aditi's father, Manish Kumar Tiwari, an employee of Power Grid Corporation , who shifted to Gurgaon from Madhya Pradesh last year.The winning doodle will be placed on the google.co.in homepage on November 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163011", "title": "'Mentally unstable' IndiGo flier gets bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday granted bail to a man, who was arrested for allegedly creating a ruckus on board an Mumbai-Delhi IndiGo flight, on the grounds of being \"mentally unstable\".Metropolitan magistrate Pankaj Sharma released Mursalin Sheikh on bail on furnishing a personal bond of Rs 25,000 with one surety of the like amount. The court enlarged Sheikh on bail, taking note of medical documents indicating that the accused was mentally unstable.\"Considering the medical report that the accused was mentally unstable, I am inclined to grant bail to applicant (Sheikh),\" the court said. The court had sent Sheikh to Tihar Jail on Thursday for a day after reserving its order on his bail plea.Sheikh's counsel Rajat Sharma had submitted that his client deserved the relief as he was mentally unstable as per the medical records provided by the family. Sheikh (27), from Mumbai, had boarded the IndiGo flight (6E196) on Wednesday from Mumbai and allegedly turned violent midair, attacking the crew and threatening to take the plane down. Sheikh had refused to listen to the air hostesses and had even tried to storm the cockpit, police had said. A case of assault, outraging the modesty of a woman and criminal intimidation has been registered against him.During the hearing, the counsel for Sheikh had said he was not a \"flight risk\" and is a permanent resident of Mumbai. Sheikh, who deals in second-hand cars, has been booked for offences which allow bail, he had said.The IndiGo flight, which had taken off from Mumbai at 3.15pm on November 7, was airborne for about an hour when Sheikh got agitated and began to talk threateningly, police had said. He had tried to move forward in the plane but was restrained by the crew and fellow passengers till the aircraft landed at the IGI airport, they said. The cabin crew also took security measures to block his access to the cockpit, police had said, adding that Sheikh had slapped an airhostess.The pilot-in-command had informed the airport authorities and Sheikh was handed over to CISF at the IGI airport.Sheikh's counsel had said his client was mentally unstable as per the medical records provided by the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163781", "title": "Haryana govt favouring DLF, Swami Agnivesh alleges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana government continued to be under sharp focus with yet another social activist alleging massive fraud in the allocation of over 350 acres of land to DLF for a recreation and leisure project at Gurgaon.Social activist Swami Agnivesh on Friday alleged that the allocation of the land to DLF at Wazirabad in Gurgaon district for the project was a massive manipulation. \"It is a scam worth over Rs 1 lakh crore,\" he said.A Special Investigation Team (SIT) comprising eminent personalities like retired Justices J S Verma and A P Shah must be set up to look into the scam, Agnivesh demanded. He said the SIT must also look at the beneficiaries of DLF's alleged largesse, including Robert Vadra, and investigate if it was all linked to this particular scam.\"From the very beginning all laws have been violated. It needs to be probed what all Haryana government did for DLF and what DLF did for many leaders and officials for securing this project,\" Agnivesh said.He said the Haryana Small Industrial Development Corporation (HSIDC) had acquired the land from local farmers, and also some forest land. A bid submitted by Supertech, a construction firm, for developing the land was cancelled without any explanation, he alleged.Haryana took the responsibility to get environmental clearance, though under usual circumstances it is the responsibility of the private party. Later, the government approached the Supreme Court by filing an interlocutory application in a pending PIL. The final environmental clearance fell on the apex court appointed CEC. The CEC, which looks into environmental issues of national importance, was also manipulated in this case, Agnivesh alleged.The CEC \"made recommendations contrary to law,\" he alleged. The CEC \"not only recommended the destruction of the Aravalli Plantation contrary to the orders of the Supreme Court but even ignored Aravalli plantation's status as a forest,\" he added.In a bizarre twist, CEC recommended the cancellation of a project of DRDO on the same forest land, while later it supported the DLF venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17164363", "title": "Construction underway on disputed land on MR-9", "text": "INDORE: Private developers have started constructions on the major portion of disputed Khajrana Jagir land and the land reportedly owned by state cooperative societies. Khajrana Jagir is a disputed land and a case was lodged in the court by former MLA Suresh Seth alleging that the land acquisition process under the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission houses for poor in Khajrana was deliberately delayed to benefit a section of developers in 2006. The matter, which is in court, is also being probed by Lokayukta.It is to be mentioned that in 2006, around 41 hectare of land was identified by the MP Housing Board for construction of houses for poor under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.According to sources, the developers have managed to take approval from concerned departments for carrying out their multi-crore township and colonies on the disputed land.\"Two different projects including one Dawoodi Palace (Nearly 5 acres) and another township project of owners of Pakiza Group and Prem Goyal Builders (Nearly 10 acres) have managed to get approval from concerned departments to construct township and colony.Both the projects are situated on MR-9 on land which belongs to Shatabdi Grah Nirman Samiti, Taj Grah Nirman Samiti and Dak-Tar Grah Nirman Samiti,\" said a highly placed source in T-and-C (Town and Country planning). A major portion of the township comes under Khajrana Jagir which belongs to housing societies, added the source.When ToI contacted Goyal Builders and Pakiza Group owners they said they have all the necessary permission required for construction from concerned departments and the title of land is not disputed. However, one of the senior officers of IMC on anonymity said, \"The developers have been given permission nearly a month back. The land is disputed, but prior to IMC permission, other departments too had given them the NOC for construction.\"However, Goyal clarified his stand stating that: \"The land on which his firm-Prem Goyal Builders and Pakiza Group are coming up with a township project is not disputed. The land does not belong to any cooperative society and it does not come under Khajrana Jagir. We have recently taken permission from the concerned department to start construction. We are against all kinds of illegal constructions.\"When inquired, housing board deputy housing commissioner, Sharad Mahajan said, \"We have not given NOC to any developer. The matter is pending in the court so it is not possible to give NOC.\" On the other hand, Deepak Singh, CEO, IDA also said, \"I don't think NOC has been given to anyone. If land belongs to IDA we will not leave the land for any hands.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162649", "title": "Railways chart out plan to bring down accidents", "text": "MUMBAI: Bodies being wheeled out from railway tracks are a common occurrence. Official records suggest that on an average 3,500 people are killed annually in accidents along the suburban railway route.which is also referred to as the city's lifeline.Acknowledging that deaths along tracks were way too high, the railways have now charted out a plan to improve rail safety and bring down these accidents. A presentation in this regard was made before a state-appointed empowered committee (EC) for Mumbai's transformation on Friday. Headed by chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia, the committee comprises senior government officials and eminent citizens.Besides highlighting various steps taken internally to remedy the situation, railway officials sought assistance from the private sector for deployment of private security guards to check trespassing along vulnerable railway spots. Officials argued that existing railway police and home guard staff was inadequate to man such points round the clock.EC members raised queries on lack of training for first responders to accidents. While railway officials discussed a plan for deployment of ambulance services at all stations for faster medical aid. Banthia said CR had to do more to curb accidents than WR.The railways also made a presentation of a plan to get rid of open defecation and clean up areas in and around stations. EC members raised the issue of lack of easy access for commuters in and out of stations. Banthia, in particular, raised the issue of inconvenience faced by commuters at CST.\"It was decided to form a core panel (involving various stakeholders) to resolve this issue. The committee will take up three stations in the first phase,\" EC member Narinder Nayar said.The stations that could be taken up in the first phase could be Andheri, Churchgate, Kurla and others. Nayar informed that a plan to beautify the approach road to the domestic airport using private participation was also cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17162883", "title": "Tension over Gundla temple theft rumours", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mild tension prevailed at Gundla Pochamma Temple in Lungar Houz when the temple priest assumed that the jewellery on the deity had been stolen.On Friday morning, the woman who was cleaning the temple informed the priest that some silver jewelry appears to be missing. A panicked priest immediately alerted the temple trustees. Later, the priest and a few others realized that the jewelry was in their own safe custody and nothing went missing.\" After a series of temple burglaries, the temple trustees have asked the priest to keep the jewelry in his own custody every night. Initially there was a small confusion but later they have realized that no jewelry went missing,\" Lungar Houz inspector N B Ratnam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162637", "title": "I-T raids Zaveri Bazar gold traders operators on eve of Dhanteras", "text": "MUMBAI: Income tax officials raided the premises of 34 gold traders in Zaveri Bazar over Thursday and Friday accusing them of operating a hawala racket. Business came to a standstill ahead of Diwali.The action was underway till the time of going to press. On Friday night, prominent traders were standing on the road as the authorities seized their lockers and record books.Industry sources said Rs 22 crore had been sealed in gold souk lockers. \"Thirty-four traders in Zaveri Bazar have been raided in the past two days. Business has come to a halt in the run-up to Dhanteras and Diwali which is the highlight of the year for the gold industry,\" said a bullion trader. \"I-T officials are swarming the bazar. Alarm bells are ringing about the fortunes of the trade at this time of year.\"I-T officials claimed those who were raided were angadias running a hawala racket. \"Until Friday night, five vaults had been opened that yielded a recovery of Rs 5 crore,\" sources said.However, businessmen refuted the argument saying the premises of a nationalized bank had been stormed as well. \"Does the bank run a hawala racket? Moreover, it is common knowledge as to who operates the biggest hawala operation and his office has always been spared investigation,\" a trader asked. Another businessman asked why the department had not taken action against hawala all year. \"What was the urgency that the operation could not have waited until the festive season passed?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167522", "title": "Lesle enthralls his audience", "text": "It was none other than musician Lesle Lewis who rocked the city recently with his music as he took the centre stage at a city hotspot with his guitar.The crowd was seen swaying to the music as Lesle belted out one track after the other. We spotted Chennai-based race car driver Armaan Ebrahim, who was in the city for an event, at this do. Martin and Dhivik were also onstage singing along with Lesle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17165725", "title": "4-year-old falls off 7th floor, dies", "text": "BANGALORE: A four-year-old boy slipped out of the window of a seventh-floor apartment on Thursday night and succumbed to injuries on Friday morning.The tragedy occurred at SJR Park Vista in HSR Layout off Sarjapur Road around 10.15pm on Thursday. Nodan, son of Nithin, a software developer, was playing in the bedroom of the house when he slipped through the window and fell down. The boy was rushed to St John's Hospital where he died on Friday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163738", "title": "Muttemwar slams Nagpur Municipal Corporation and NIT", "text": "NAGPUR: In a letter to state chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, city Congress MP Vilas Muttemwar has charged that not only are the Nagpur Municipal Corporation and Nagpur Improvement Trust moving slowly on developmental works, whatever is undertaken by the latter is mired in corruption too.Highlighting various works required for the city, he has asked Chavan to ensure its completion by resolving different problems and make Nagpur an international city.Muttemwar informed Chavan about the several developmental works either proposed or planned for the city. The Urban development department's principal secretary sent the letter to the NMC and directed it to prepare details of the works mentioned by the MP for reviewing.Principal secretary (II) Shrikant Singh was to assess the NMC during his maiden visit on November 8. It has now been postponed and he is now expected to come on November 22.Reminding the CM about his assurance given to the city, Muttemwar wrote that nothing is being done by the NMC and NIT. \"Over 12-14 lakh citizens residing in unauthorized layouts in the city lack basic amenities. The 572 and 1,900 unauthorized scheme was declared due to the initiative taken by former CM Vasantdada Patil. A policy was framed to develop these layouts. But development could not take place. Instead, the unauthorized layouts increased to a great extent. Besides, NIT is not issuing ownership rights to slum-dwellers despite repeated assurances. NIT is full of corruption and this is the citizens' view. NIT lacks development vision,\" he said.Hitting out at NMC, Muttemwar said that the condition of the city roads is very poor. \"There are no plans for developing parking plazas and spaces. Many developmental works are delayed due to lack of required land. PDKV had refused to share its available land for developmental works. The Central jail is situated on around 125 acres land and in the heart of the city. The jail requires renovation and has to be shifted out of the city limit. The land can then be used for the city,\" said Muttemwar.Praising the CM for pushing the MIHAN and tiger capital projects, Muttemwar sought Chavan's attention towards various projects including IGGMCH and GMCH modernization projects, inclusion of metro rail project under JNNURM phase-II, development of main and Ajni railway stations etc. He requested the CM to hold meetings with the authorities and ensure completion of all developmental works.Meanwhile, chairman of water works committee and senior BJP leader Sudhakar Kohle said that Muttemwar was only engaging in just paper work and is not aware of the facts.Kohle added that Muttemwar even failed to utilize local development funds for the city and is expecting the government to execute the works. \"The MP should explain the efforts he has taken for the city by providing funds for the development instead of slamming the NMC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17163042", "title": "9-year-old girl raped in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A 9-year-old Bhayander girl was allegedly raped by a family friend recently. The accused is not traceable.Bhayander police said on November 6, the victim's parents sent her to the house of Abdul Shaikh (28) in Karadipada to pick up some articles when he raped her after offering her sweets and goodies.The victim told her mother about the incident later when the latter asked her about marks on her private parts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17164096", "title": "BDA has no balm for Arkavathy woes", "text": "BANGALORE: A group of Arkavathy Layout site allottees, most of them senior citizens, virtually ran into a wall on Friday when they attempted to meet the commissioner of the Bangalore Development Authority (BDA). They wanted to get a status report on their promised plots.About 200 of the 8,000-odd persons, who were allotted plots in the ambitious layout off Bellary Road but are yet to gain possession of the same, visited the BDA office in Kumara Park to know the status of their cases.\"We went to meet the BDA commissioner. He was unavailable and we had to meet the secretary. They said they had no idea about anything. This is annoying,\" said Shiva Prakash, an allottee and key member of the Arkavathy Layout Allottees Association (ALAA).Most of the allottees who had turned up were senior citizens in their 70s and 80s. Prakash said the BDA officials never give them any appointment.The Arkavathy Layout project floated over 10 years ago ran into legal problems after landowners whose land was acquired moved court. The Supreme Court ordered enhanced compensation for affected landowners. Though the quantum of compensation was announced last year nothing has happened on the ground. Some allottees have got the plots registered but are yet to gain possession of their sites. In most instances, the allotment process has not even reached the registration stage.With BDA unable to reply to their questions, the allottees ended up trading words with BDA deputy secretaries and secretaries, before leaving empty handed.BDA commissioner T Sham Bhatt had earlier promised ALAA members that work on civic amenities will be taken up at the layout from January 15, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164414", "title": "High Court seeks state govt stand on terror attack cases", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government's reported decision to review criminal cases against those involved in the terrorist attack on a CRPF camp in Rampur district five years ago has been challenged in the Allahabad High Court on Friday.Nitya Nand Chaubey, a Varanasi-based advocate, has alleged in his petition that state government is planning to withdraw criminal cases against all those who have been named as accused in the CRPF camp attack case of December 31, 2007, in which seven security personnel were killed. A division bench comprising Justice RK Agrawal and Justice RS Maurya directed the state counsel to take instructions from the government, and fixed November 22 as the next date of hearing.SP in its election manifesto promised to review these cases following complaints that Muslim youths have been falsely implicated in many cases by the police. After coming to power in March earlier this year, the state government directed officers to review cases against youngsters lodged in jail on charges of attack on a CRPF camp as well as in serial blasts in courts in Faizabad, Barabanki and Lucknow and other such incidents. The Nimish Commission formed by the government is also reviewing the cases and is likely to submit its report soon. The government has decided to withdraw the cases, if anyone of them is found to be falsely implicated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167574", "title": "It is difficult to please all, says Sonakshi", "text": "Actress Sonakshi Sinha , who been going pretty strong in Bollywood , says, she has worked very hard to reach this position and that it is difficult to please everyone around .The 25-year-old has had the opportunity to work with established stars- Salman Khan , Akshay Kumar and Ajay Devgn. With her first two films- Dabangg and Rowdy Rathore hitting the bulls eye, Sonakshi became a member of the elite Rs 100 crore club in Bollywood.\"Today if somebody is expecting me to do well for their film, if the audience expects something from me I will ensure I will do it. But to please so many people is not easy it is very difficult. I work hard and give my best,\" Sonakshi told.\"I am a very strong person... if I am able to do well and keep the audience happy then my job is done. I have worked very hard to reach this position. I have been accepted a certain way. I am very comfortable and happy,\" she added.When asked if she feels she has made a foothold in the industry, Sonakshi said, \"The day I start thinking or feeling that it will be my down fall. The day I begin feeling like that I will be lazy, complacent and unprofessional and I don't want that to happen.\" Her fourth release - Son of Sardaar will see her romancing Ajay after pairing up with Salman and Akshay. \"I feel truly blessed to be working with such big actors. I can't stop but thank people for their love and support. I think luck can take you ahead but hard work also matters. With Salman in the first film I worked very hard, when I did film with Akshay I kept working hard,\" she said. She feels working with established stars benefits newcomers. \"It benefits an actress mostly newcomers like me. Sustaining that is difficult. In your first film people don't expect much from you. But obviously if your debut film is with Salman then people will go to watch him and not me,\" she pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17164238", "title": "Family booked for land fraud", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged against a Delhi-based couple and their son on charges of cheating and fraud. They had allegedly sold the same land to two different people. The same land was first sold to a property dealer in 2000 and now to another person.On the direction of police commissioner, a case has been registered against the couple and is under investigation.Ashok Kumar, an authorized signatory of Shree Prem Properties, has lodged a complaint with police commissioner K K Sindhu. He alleged S K Gautam, his wife Jyoti Gautam and son R P Gautam, residents of Vasant Vihar, had cheated him.The complainant told police that a piece of land, measuring approximately two kanal, in Palam Vihar area was bought by their property house in 2000 for Rs 4.5 lakh.On October 18, he found that the couple again sold the same property to another person, while he had all the documents of the property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17162977", "title": "16 of 26 stolen idols recovered", "text": "JAIPUR: Sixteen ancient idols worth crores of rupees in the international market were recovered three days after they were stolen from a famous Jain temple at Jatwara village near Bassi. The police arrested a local resident who had allegedly helped a gang involved in idol thefts in conducting recee of the temple.Around 26 idols had been stolen on November 5. Police claimed they have identified the gang involved in theft and a team has been rushed to an undisclosed location to nab them. The 16 idols were found buried in the ground near the village.According to additional commissioner of police Giriraj Meena, the police arrested one Ramlal Luhar on the basis of some clues regarding his involvement including his mobile call details. Luhar is a resident of Nayabas near Jatwara village.It must be mentioned, robbers on Tuesday had decamped with 26 antique idols from the temple. As many as 23 idols made of eight metals and three stone idols worth nearly Rs 10 crore had been stolen.Addl CP Meena said that Luhar was aware of the worth of idols and intimated the gang about them. \"He helped them do a recee of the temple and even hid the idols after they were stolen. He was a local contact for the gang,\" said the officer.Luhar told the police where the idols had been hidden. \"The idols which were recovered are from 11th, 12th and 14th century and quite priceless in the international market,\" said the officer.He added that others involved in the theft have been identified. \"They will be arrested soon. Who were to buy the idols and other details will be known after the thieves are arrested,\" said the officer.Jaipur: Sixteen ancient idols worth crores of rupees in the international market were recovered three days after they were stolen from a famous Jain temple at Jatwara village near Bassi. The police arrested a local resident who had allegedly helped the gang involved in idol thefts in conducting recee of the temple.A total of 26 idols had been stolen on November 5. The police claimed that they have identified the gang involved in theft and a team has been rushed to an undisclosed location to nab them. The 16 idols were found buried under ground near the village.According to Add commissioner of police Giriraj Meena, the police arrested one Ramlal Luhar on the basis of some clues regarding his involvement including his mobile call details. Luhar is a resident of Nayabas near Jatwara village.In the sixth incident of burglary of antique idols in the past six months, robbers had decamped with 26 antique idols from the temple. As many as 23 idols, made of eight metals, while three idols made of stones worth nearly Rs 10 crore were stolen.Add CP Meena said that Luhar was aware of the idols worth and intimated a gang about them. \"He helped them conduct recee of the temple and even hide the idols after they were stolen. He was a local contact for the gang,\" said the officer.Luhar led the police to the place where the idols were hidden. \"The idols which were recovered are from 11th, 12th and 14th century and quite priceless in the international market,\" said the officer.He added that others involved in the theft have been identified. \"They will be arrested soon. Who were to buy the idols and other details about this racket will be known after the arrests of the thieves,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17102077", "title": "The games girls play during Diwali", "text": "Day time cards parties for women are all the rage in the city this Diwali seasonThey say gambling on Diwali is auspicious. And taking that a tad too seriously in Lucknow is the ghar ki Lakshmi, or the lady of the house. Which is why the social circuit here is abuzz with all-women cards parties. There never was any reason to keep girls away from gambling. But this year, they've decided to outdo the men, nay, even dispense with them altogether, as they head out for some girlie fun.All dressed up It all began with kitty parties during this period being converted into cards parties. But now, a 100-strong all-women's cards bash is quite the thing to do. Since big card parties at night have become fewer over the years, perhaps this is just a good excuse for women to dress up in all their festive finery and socialize. And though these dos are organized typically in the afternoons, the shimmery make-up and blingy jewellery are on display with elan. \"Women prepare special wardrobes for the festive season. With such few couple get-togethers being organized in the city these days - imagine now, throwing a party for 100 couples, who wants to go through the trouble! - the girls are using these daytime card soirees to indulge in a little show-off,\" says Mohita Puri, a regular at these cards parties.Money matters Mohita makes a valid point - organizing a party for 100 couples, or more, sure is a daunting task. But inviting over a hundred girls over for cards? Not so much. As Kakul Agarwal explains, \"One of the reasons why such parties have become so popular is not just because they're easier to organize, but also because they're far more economical. For one, the expenditure on drinks is much less. Then, the timing is such that you're neither hosting a lunch nor a dinner, and therefore you save on that account as well. And even if you leave the money part aside, these afternoon soirees are so much easier to manage than late night parties!\"But if you ask us, there's little economy exercised in the stakes being played at these parties, most of which are hosted at the host's residence. A guest can leave a party richer or poorer by 10-15 grands, depending on the game she plays. Usually, girls play a table limit of `300, that goes up to `600 in a round of 'fair deal', which happens when all the cut cards are distributed with no cards left in hand or are needed to finish the deal.Games people play Compared to what more serious gamblers play, 300 is a low limit for a table. Around Diwali, the stakes can go up to as high as `1200-3000 per move, and sometimes, sky's the limit. \"Not surprisingly, a lot of men who play these stakes are reluctant to play outside their circle of six to eight friends. They do meet up regularly, but sans the wives. And that's one of the reasons why women feel the need to meet up, socialize and enjoy some light-hearted gambling, independently,\" says Manya Rastogi, who's been invited to at least five such card parties in less than a month. \"Since the men are out playing cards almost every single night, the women need their gambling reprieve too this time of the year,\" she laughs.The way men and women gamble isn't just different for the amount of money they're ready to risk at a game of cards. While men are more serious gamblers, women play for fun, and do not stick to the traditional teen patti. \"Women enjoy 'variations' in the game, and rarely play plain flush,\" shares Anshu Mehra, who gets to learn new games each time she visits her relatives in Delhi.(All names have been changed on request)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "17164395", "title": "Foundation stone laid for ayurveda sports hospital", "text": "THRISSUR: Minister for health VS Sivakumar said here on Friday that the government would constitute a special Ayush department by bringing all sectors in ayurveda under one umbrella. There will also be projects for developing each sector in ayurveda.He was speaking after laying the foundation stone for the first ayurveda sports hospital in the government sector in the country. \"Once the Ayush department is constituted, ayurveda will get more Central funds. The state is also mulling the possibility of introducing ayurveda in all district hospitals,\" the minister said. There are measures in place to digitalize thaliyola (palm leaf manuscripts that have the ingredients in ayrvedic medicines recorded) and introduce it to the new generation, he said.The hospitalis coming up on one and-a-half acres near the ayurveda hospital in Ramavarmapuram. The 50-bed hospital will cost Rs 7 crore, and will have facilities like jogging track, exercising pool, physiotherapy unit, MRI scan and X-ray lab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17163818", "title": "CII to help execute MoUs signed during GIS", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh unit of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) will carry out an exercise to take forward and conceptualize the memorandum of understandings (MoUs) signed during the investors meet in Indore earlier this month.Talking to reporters here on Friday, state chairman of the CII, R S Goswami said that \"We will tour the industrial estates in the state and facilitate the investors. We went through the industrial estate of Dewas and Mandideep and will go around other places and will send our input to the state government.\"\"We will tell the government about the situation at the ground level and what is required to be done\". He said that the state government intends to have a long-term relationship with the CII for industrialization.Goswami said that it is for the first time in three editions of investors meet that MoUs have been signed in the field of health care, industrial infrastructure , IT and pharmaceuticals. \"After the government sought cooperation of the CII, we chalked out a strategy to mobilize these industries,\" he said adding that this will boost the economy of the state.Referring to industrialization in the state he said, \"We realized that in the western region, MP has the lowest per capita income even lower than the neighbouring Chattisgarh. So we mobilized the investors that will lead to increased employment and improve economy.When asked about the populist measures taken by the government and the energy and resources required to implement them vis a vis industrialization, he said that the government needs revenue to implement the populist measures. \"Industrialization is the only answer.\"He said that in Madhya Pradesh, component of industrialization is just 25% of the GDP. In the neighbouring Gujarat it is 35%, he said\" Whatever government comes or goes, industrialisation can only bring prosperity in the state\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17164305", "title": "Forest department says it is too early to judge on species", "text": "INDORE: The district forest department said on Friday that they have sent a detailed report to the Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ) and principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF), Wildlife about the six 'cubs' brought to Indore zoo from Dewas and Dhar.Asked whether it was a cub or a kitten, authorities concerned said \"It would be too early to jump on a conclusion.\"Chief conservator of forest (CCF), P C Dubey says, a leopard or wild cat is equally important for us and our aim is to protect them. We are not guided by their species. \"We would be happier if it turns out to be a jungle cat\" he said. Wild cat is a highly endangered animal and it is classified a schedule I wild animal.The officer also maintained that no jungle cat was being reported from these regions in the last two census. Total of 16 leopards were reported from the region in 2011 census report. Wild cats are more secretive then leopard.Kamla Nehru Zoo in-charge, Dr Uttam Yadav is confident that those were leopard cubs.\"The features of cat families change very rapidly in the first few days. So it would be very difficult to jump to the conclusion about species identification,\" said the Dr Yadav adding he had been monitoring growth of wild cats in the zoo for long and he is acquainted with the species.The veterinarian said he would be happy if cubs turn into kittens as they are more in demand. \"We are getting a lion from Junagard zoo in exchange of a wild cat,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17165763", "title": "Shah panel concludes mining probe", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Justice M B Shah commission indicated on Friday its probe into mining irregularities in Odisha is close to completion and it might submit its report within 90 days.U V Singh, who is heading a six-member team of the commission, said their third trip to the state would end on Saturday. \"Tomorrow is the last day for working here. We will go to Ahmedabad and finalise things. However, we cannot say whether the team will return here again; we may comeback for investigation, if required,\" Singh, a senior forest officer from Karnataka, told media persons.He said the team would need around 20 days to decide whether to visit the state again. \"We have to consult legal officers and some high court judges,\" Singh said, hinting that the commission is likely to submit its report within 90 days. On illegal mining beyond leasehold areas, Singh said, \"We are taking note of that. We will examine it.\" The team met chief secretary Bijay Patnaik during is visit here.During its current visit, which started on November 1, the team questioned representatives of certain mining companies and recorded statements of officers from the Indian Bureau of Mines and the income tax department.The probe panel also discussed certain issues with Thirveni Earthmovers Private Limited, a raising contractor. Though the company is not a mining lease holder, the panel sought its views and verified its role in mining activities, sources said. The company's managing director Prabhakaran denied any wrongdoing and informed he had given a document to the panel. \"We have not violated any law,\" he said.A senior steel and mines department officer said the probe panel would inquire whether any raising contractor has made any major investment in the mines as the law prohibits it. Major investment by raising contactor violates Rule 37 of the Mines and Mineral (Development and Regulation) Act, the officer said.The team had earlier toured nine iron ore mines in Keonjhar and Sundergarh districts to probe alleged illegalities. It has so far documents relating to around 150 mines. The team had initially visited the state in December, 2011, followed by a trip in October this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "haveri", "code": "17164990", "title": "Lift irrigation scheme a boon for farmers", "text": "HAVERI: Shiggaon lift irrigation scheme was dedicated to the nation on Friday. The project with sprinkler system is said to be the first of its kind in the country.The ambitious project is envisaged by combining the technique of both lift irrigation and drip irrigation technologies with the intention of preventing wastage of water and providing water to fields even during summer. The project has come as a boon for the farming communities in Haveri district as it is expected to irrigate 9,900 hectares of land in 30 villages falling under Shiggaon, Hangal and Savanur taluk of Haveri district.About 1.5 tmcft of water will be utilized under the project to irrigate the estimated land. Water will be lifted from Varada and Dharma rivers by using pumps with a capacity of 10,616 HP each. A jackwell has been set up at Halasur where two rivers meet.As part of the Rs 238 crore project, canals up to 180km with pipeline up to 11,600km and six delivery chambers and 119 sumps have been created. Water will be discharged to sumps. Each sump can irrigate 85 to 90 acres of land at a time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164093", "title": "Lax pollution control norms exposed: Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent spell of smog in the city has brought to light loopholes in vehicular emission control norms that transporters have been using to their advantage while playing havoc with air quality.Rules require commercial vehicles registered in Delhi to comply with the rigorous Bharat Stage-IV emission norms or convert to CNG. However, the Central notification on emission standards spares vehicles with national permits these conditions. As a result, many transporters have taken national permits for their Delhi-registered vehicles even though these run only in the city and the NCR.The Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training claims more than 99.5% of trucks and buses are violating BS-IV norms. SP Singh, senior fellow with IFTRT, says the February 2012 notification on BS-IV standards was passed to control vehicular pollution in Delhi but there are no checks on violations. \"The notification states that commercial vehicles registered in Delhi with a national permit cannot ply between two points in the NCR if they do not conform to BS-IV standards. Vehicles with a Delhi permit have to necessarily conform to BS-IV standards. But commercial vehicles take advantage of the national permit clause, claiming they have to travel outside Delhi.\"Singh added that non-conforming vehicles are being used by government departments as well. Transport department officials say they can't do much as it is not possible to stop each vehicle to check where it is going or coming from. \"It is very difficult to conclusively establish that these vehicles are operating between two points within the NCR. We do fine those who violate the rule, but that is not very often,\" said a source.In 2009, the Delhi government had ordered light goods vehicles to convert to CNG. IFTRT claims many are still operating on diesel. \"If these vehicles have a national permit, we cannot force them to convert to CNG. When the notification was issued, several light goods vehicles with a Delhi permit got national permits to avoid the mandatory switch to CNG,\" said the official.Anumita Roychowdhury, associate director of Centre for Science and Environment, says the government needs to crack down against the misuse of the national permit clause. \"The government is aware that the law is being misused and should formulate stricter policies. It is not enough to say that they will fine violations when they are unable to detect them,\" she said.Singh said overloading of trucks also increases engine emissions. \"In 2008, a Central Road Research Institute report showed that emissions go up significantly on overloading. Take the case of nitrogen oxides: a vehicle that emits 3.17 mg/cubic metre under standard loading, starts emitting 119.2 mg/cu m under 30% overloading. Particulate matter emissions also shoot up from 104.13 mg/cu m to 611.75 mg/cu m. But there is no check on overloaded vehicles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164422", "title": "Land sharks ready to gobble aquatic life", "text": "LUCKNOW: The court rulings and initiative from the revenue department may not be enough to save the old Kathauta jheel in the city from land sharks which are ready to raise a residential building on the water body. Besides killing the aquatic life, the move will also displace scores of seasonal Indian birds.Located in Chinhat, Kathauta jheel's extinction is more than the loss of source of water. It would also mean significant loss of biodiversity as well.A study undertaken by Lucknow University's zoology department compared the presence of biodiversity on the newly made artificial Kathauta with the natural ones. Associate professor Amita Kanaujia, who is heading the research, said, \"The presence of seasonal Indian birds was negligible on the new lake. It may appeal to the eye but serves little purpose. On the older jheel we spotted more than 15 types of birds and common amphibians.\" (See info)The reason, she said, is that birds need marshy places to live and procreate. \"The concretised and tiled base of the new lake doesn't have mechanism for the growth of underwater life such as small fish, insects and micro-organisms. Therefore, the birds will not get anything to eat. So, they will migrate to better places and greener pastures,\" she stated.The Kathauta jheel was a massive water body in Gomtinagar which was acquired by the development agencies for building homes. This was besides the encroachment by land grabbers. In 2006, a report from the state revenue department revealed that Lucknow had lost a colossal part of its water bodies (about 150 hectares) to encroachments and development.Figures showed that there was 368.799 hectares of water bodies in 1950. The report was prepared by the then commissioner Amit Mohan Prasad. His voluminous 500-page reports scanned some 124 small and big villages in Lucknow between January 26, 1950, and October 15, 2006, and open the Pandora's Box which caught the attention of the court. It also revealed that the records of water bodies in some 31 villages were missing. The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court took note of the matter and directed the state government to act immediately to save and restore the water bodies.Kathauta benefited from the court's whip. The larger part of the Kathauta lake was re-made as a massive water body opposite the Manyavar Kanshiram Institute for Tourism Studies housing certain fish today. The surrounding pockets were, however, left untouched. One of them, located about 25 meters from the Lucknow-Faizabad highway, is being levelled these days.When TOI visited the spot, it found that more than half the lake had been filled up while quarrying for the remaining part was underway. Though the labourers remained tightlipped, a fruit vendor said a multi-storied building is coming up at the spot. \"Yaha par flat bana rahe hain,\" he stated. When contacted, administrative officials said to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167419", "title": "11 Pm for 'A' films meaningless: Pooja Bedi", "text": "Former model and Bigg Boss contestant Pooja Bedi , known for having cocked a snook at conventional ideas of 'decency' even as a young woman, told us her views on the recent controversy over the screening of A-rated films like The Dirty Picture on TV. Bedi was in town for a charity event, and said she felt viewers were mature enough to differentiate between what they wanted to consume and what they didn't.\"This 11pm slot is just absurd,\" she said, referring to suggestions that A-rated movies be censored appropriately and then screened late at night. \"It seems like the administrators are the ones watching out for people's 'good' and 'bad' behaviour. Aren't parents and the elders in the family the right people to decide what's good for their family and what's not? I think they are the best ones to check what kids are learning from TV. Especially in the context of the Indian viewers, I think, in most homes, young children are sent to bed by 11pm, and therefore airing extensively edited movies after 11pm isn't needed at all. Also, TV sets in most Indian households are placed in a place like a hall or a common room rather than a separate one for each room. Therefore, the possibilities that a minor checks out some A-rated stuff in his home are fewer. There are hundreds of channels currently on air, the watchdog can block the blacklisted ones from going on air or can even cancel their licenses if they are found guilty.\" Bigg Questions Also natural are questions on Bigg Boss , a show she's more than a little familiar with. When asked if she'd heard that Salman Khan is 'handpicking' inmates this season, she said, \"Oh, I have no clue whether Salman Khan is handpicking the participants or not.In fact,this is the first time I'm hearing something like this.\"But she's more than happy with her housemates from last season (she's reportedly quite close to Sky now), though not equally happy with the editing of the show. Calling her former Bigg Boss housemates the most humorous and witty ones, she said, \"The Bigg Boss house last season was full of comical people. Everyone was so witty and funny that we kept laughing for hours and hours without a break. Sky was and still is the most funny guy that I have ever met. His sense of humour is just phenomenal. He recently got my name tattooed on his arm, which he says he's done because he believes that I am his strength. It's nice that you have such lovely people around you. Another of my housemates, Juhi (Parmar) is also a funny one. She always smiled and enjoyed herself each and every moment in house. But the irony is that nothing as blissful as that is shown on TV and what is shown are the arguments, catfights, difference of opinions and other unpleasant stuff. It's really sad to learn that editing plays such a crucial part in Bigg Boss. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164771", "title": "In 25 years, PMC developed only 134 of 609 reservations", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation has miserably failed to execute the 1987 Development Plan (DP) in the past 25 years. Out of the 609 reservations earmarked for various civic amenities, the PMC has developed only 134, raising serious doubts about the entire exercise to achieve planned development of the city.The 609 reservations covered an area of around 1,000 hectare, of which the PMC has developed only 134 hectare.While the 1987 DP remains on paper, the PMC has started the process to approve the new DP which is applicable to the old city comprising 17 'peths' and surrounding areas, spanning over 147.85 sq km.In the development plan, the administration earmarks available land in the city for public amenities like gardens, hospitals, schools, roads and footpaths based on the population of an area. The DP lays out policies and proposals for development and use of land. It is meant to guide decisions on whether development permission should be granted under the development control rules. The decisions must be consistent and match the DP adopted by the authority after public consultation.The abysmal record of the implementation of the DP, however, came as a shocker to the elected representatives on Friday when the administration made a presentation on the new DP and also tabled a status report on the 1987 DP.At a meeting attended by elected representatives, city engineer Prashant Waghmare said: \"It is a fact that only 134 reservations were developed during all these years. Twenty-two reservations in the 1987 DP were vacated and the land was used for other purposes. As many as 453 reservations are not yet developed.\"\"If the administration has not executed the 1987 DP, there is no need to draft a new one. If the DP is just going to be an exercise on paper, it is nothing but a mockery of the city and its people,\" said Congress corporator Aba Bagul. Corporator Vikas Mathkari ( BJP ) said that the administration should announce the reasons for not implementing the DP.While the new DP proposes 921 reservations covering 1,080.79 hectare area for amenities, the corporators said that, considering the implementation record of the old DP, it would be difficult to believe that the new DP will be implemented before 2027.The city improvement committee has recently approved the new DP spanning the years 2007 to 2027 and currently the PMC general body (GB) is discussing the plan.Raising question on the DP exercise, civic activist Vjiay Kumbhar said that if the plans are not implemented within the given timeframe, there is no point in drafting the plan. \"The PMC's record in acquiring land for developing amenities is pathetic. The reserved land remains vacant for years and is encroached upon,\" Kumbhar said.Kumbhar drew attention to the Supreme Court's judgment last year in the Sun Dew apartment case, which has highlighted the need to protect land for public purposes and the role of politicians, the government and the administration in deleting amenity reservations.\"The spaces for public amenities are under a systematic attack and are shrinking all over the country, only for the benefit of landowners and builders. Time has come to take a serious stock of the situation,\" the Supreme Court bench comprising justice H L Gokhale and R V Raveendran had said.City engineer Waghmare said, \"In the new DP, the administration has proposed to speed up the land acquisition process. It has recommended that specific amount should be made available in the annual budget to acquire land for amenities and that the PMC will decide the priority list to acquire land. The administration has also proposed public participation in development of amenities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17162904", "title": "Only 1/100th of planned 10km buffer likely for sanctuaries", "text": "THANE: Recommended to receive a protective ring of 10 km, the Sanjay Gandhi National Park may eventually get just a 500-metre buffer zone around its periphery. Sanctuaries such as Bhimashankar in Pune district too may get the same measure of protection, while others like Karnala near Panvel may have to settle for 100 metres.The abbreviated radii were suggested last month in a \"realistic proposal\" by an apex court-appointed Centrally Empowered Committee(CEC) after taking into account the Maharashtra government's submissions. It proposed restricting between 2 km and 100 metres development-proscribing green rings around the 47 national parks as well wildlife and marine sanctuaries in the state. This was a far cry from the Centre's 10km buffer plan. Now it is up to the Supreme Court to accept or decline the committee's figures.The suggestions may offer hope to settlers and urbanization proponents in the state but dismayed conservationists. An environmentalist went so far as to call the move \"disastrous\".The committee recommended that protected parks in Maharashtra be split into four categories and the radius of the safety zones be determined on the basis of the area of the sanctuary or the national park.\"Going by their proposal, an 'A' category forest, which encompasses an area of 500 sq km or above, will have a protective ring of 2 km around it. Parks with an area between 200 sq km and 500 sq km have been identified in 'B' category and allotted a buffer zone of 1 km,\" said a senior forest officer from Thane. \"In the 'C' and 'D' categories\u00e2\u20ac\u201dcovering, respectively, an area of 100-200 sq km and 100 sq km or less\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe proposed security zone is 500 metres and 100 metres from the boundary.\"The official argued that the 10km protective eco-sensitive zone asked for by the Centre was difficult to implement, especially in the urban chaos of Mumbai and Thane.Environmentalists, however, asserted that such broad categorization and use of one formula is likely to prove disastrous in the long run.\"It could perhaps be justified in areas around SGNP, but in dense forest areas like Pench and Tadoba, it is necessary to retain a protective ring of 10 km or more. An entire eco-system is dependent on these forests and the corridors linking them. If this is reduced to 2 km it will have a disastrous impact on the wildlife. Once they start chopping the area around the forest, it will be an irreversible process,\" said Dharmaraj Patil, a bio-diversity specialist.Patil added that the authorities do not have a blueprint to keep buffer zones intact and no responsibility is affixed in cases of encroachments. \"I am positive that in the next 10 years they will come up with a proposal to reduce this cover too.\"Local BJP functionary Omprakash Sharma, however, said the newly-proposed buffer zones will have a positive impact on almost 300 villages in the tribal talukas of Mokhada, Jawahar and Shahapur. Sharma, who works in the tribal belt of Thane, maintained: \"In these pockets, the tribals are farm dependent but the 10-km protective radius around Tungareshwar sanctuary had deprived them of their livelihood. They could not as much as dig a hole. Left with little option, they turned to nearby metros for employment. Now if the court relaxes the eco-sensitive zone, they can once again go back to cultivating their land.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17165573", "title": "England uncomfortable against spin: Yadav", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After picking up four English wickets in only his fifth first-class match, Haryana spinner Jayant Yadav unleashed some verbal volleys too, saying England would have a tough time on the tour.\"The English batsmen were hitting but it was very evident that they were very uncomfortable against spin and because they were uncomfortable, they resorted to some aggressive hitting,\" said Yadav, adding that the wicket was slow and had nothing in it for the spinners.\"It will be very difficult for the England team if the wickets are rank turners because if they are so uncomfortable playing spin on a track which has no assistance for spinners, just imagine what will happen when the wicket will assist spin, and when Harbhajan Singh, R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha will be bowling,\" added the off-spinner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162981", "title": "Nip in the air as mercury dips to 17 degrees celsius", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars woke up to sudden chill and dense fog on Friday morning, when the temperatures dipped two degrees from the day before.Between Thursday night and Friday morning, Santa Cruz recorded a minimum temperature of 17 degree Celsius, 5 degrees below normal. Apart from being the lowest minimum temperature of this season till now, it is the fourth minimum November temperature of the decade.The lowest was recorded on November 26, 2007, when the mercury dipped to 14.4 degree Celsius. In November 2005, the temperature had dipped to 15 degree Celsius on November 22, whereas, 2008 was chillier with 14.7 degree Celsius on November 27. The lowest ever November temperature was 13.3 on November 19, 1950.The cold is being carried towards the city from the north of India, said the weather department. \"All winds are coming from the north,\" said N Y Apte, deputy director general of Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai. \"Since the north is reeling under the chill, the winds coming from there are cold too. The whole of Maharashtra witnessed a cold. Moreover, the sea and land breeze are not strong either. Which is why, the temperatures in Mumbai dropped too,\" said Apte.Not only minimum temperatures, but the day-time temperatures witnessed a dip too. On Friday, Colaba recorded a minimum temperature of 22.6 degree Celsius, a degree below normal. But Colaba recorded a day-time temperature of 32.4 degree Celsius and Santa Cruz recorded 31.5 degree Celsius\u00e2\u20ac\u201dtwo degrees below normal. IMD has said the weather may continue to be cold for the next two days. \"We have predicted minimum temperatures to be around 17 degrees celsius,\" said Apte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17165527", "title": "Sweet win for Diwali spirit", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This Diwali, inflation and rising prices are hardly proving a deterrent for Amdavadis who have great liking for sweet-tasting foods.Customers have warmed up to the festive season and made a beeline at the sweetmeat shops in the city. Compared to last year, there has been an increase of 10 to 15 per cent in the price of sweet and raw materials, said market experts.\"Kaju Katri is the all-time favourite and is doing brisk business this year as well. However, trend this year is more to do mix-and-match to save money. While a gift box of 500gm of cashew-based sweets costs around Rs 350 to Rs 450, a gift pack containing sweets along with assorted namkeen costs around Rs 200 to Rs 300. This year, the emphasis is also on the packaging as people prefer porcelain plates and wooden baskets for which they pay anything between Rs 50 to Rs 200,\" said Murli Agrawal, president, Ahmedabad Farsan and Sweets Manufacturers Association.Due to apprehension about the raw material used, many citizens prefer dry fruits over conventional sweets. The demand has also resulted into surge in prices as assorted dry fruits are sold in decorative packs ranging from Rs 450 to Rs 1,000 and above.Akash Kandoi of Kandoi Sweets said that the percentage of corporate orders has gone down but individual gifting has been picked up in the past few years. \"Household still prefers traditional sweets for the occasion but for gifting, they prefer cashew and dry-fruit based sweets. We have launched a range of sweets that is made from natural sweeteners for calorie-conscious and diabetics,\" he said.For corporates, chocolates is flavour of the season. \"Thanks to global exposure and availability of various international brands in the city, more and more people are opting for chocolates. It is not only classy but also comes cheaper compared to traditional sweets,\" said Dinesh Gandhi, a sweet shop owner in Satellite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17162791", "title": "Mormugao port trust board okays options for employees to leave", "text": "PANAJI: Mormugao port trust (MPT) has approved a special voluntary retirement scheme (SVRS) and special leave, as options to its 2,605 employees, to tide over the crisis sparked off by the ban on mining activities in Goa. \"We are offering a golden handshake to our employees,\" MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan told TOI on Friday.As a softer option, employees can avail special leave to leave the establishment to work in other parts of the country or abroad till MPT's financial position stabilizes.\"The proposals will be sent to the government of India for approval and may take about a fortnight to be cleared,\" Pandiyan said.The MPT board on Friday took stock of the situation due to the mining ban and listed two measures to reduce its workforce.The MPT chief sounded confident that the work force has gained the requisite skills over the years to look for greener pastures. \"They can avail special leave for two years, renewable twice, to yield a total leave period of six years,\" he explained. Over a dozen applications have already been received for the special leave.Pandiyan said he had discussed the matter with the unions and secured their approval before taking up the proposals at the board level for finalization.The golden handshake, will need a lot of finances to encourage employees to walk off into the sunset.\"We will need 100 crore to make the offer to at least 200 employees,\" Pandiyan said. MPT was one of the profitable ports in the country, mopping up 300 crore from mining itself, before mining came to a halt in September this year.The port administration pays out 23 crore per month as salaries and pensions and 75% of its revenue is raked in from ore exports.MPT is seriously viewing other options to step up its revenue, sources said.A proposal of coal handling at berth No. 11 under the public private partnership (PPP) model is being actively considered and is likely to be tendered by the end of November 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164688", "title": "Burglars strike at 3 temples in Ponneri", "text": "CHENNAI: Burglars struck at three small temples in Athipattu near Ponneri on Thursday and took away ornaments from the deities and money from the hundis.Later, they broke into a nearby Tasmac shop and stole liquor bottles and cash. The thefts came to light on Friday morning after passersby and the priests noticed the doors broken open.Arriving for the early puja on Friday morning, priests found the doors of Lord Chadaiamman temple, Sri Balamurugan temple and Lord Sundara Vinayagar temple broken and called police.Priest Jagadeesan of Lord Chadaiamman temple told police that gold jewellery of the deity was missing. The temple is under the maintenance of the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowment (HR&CE;) department of the state government. Based on the priest's complaint, Ponneri police registered a case and launched a hunt. Police said the same gang of burglars appeared to have struck at the temples one after another. Offerings made by devotees at the other two temples were missing.Police have registered similar complaints from the other two temples and the Tasmac shop supervisor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17170425", "title": "Deepika and parents, Prakash and Ujjala, named after Diwali", "text": "Come Diwali and Deepika Padukone has to deal with extra work pressure. The various brands that she's endorsing want a piece of this phatakadi.They want her to travel to their outlets during this period. There are also a lot of requests for her to make appearances at various events on the occasion of Dhanteras, Laxmi Puja and the Gujarati New Year, where it's time for auspicious beginnings. And, the reason for this extra demand is because her name, Deepika, means light and has a strong Diwali connection. Also, not many know that Diwali is a very special occasion for Deepika's parents. In what is a happy coincidence, is that her father, the world-famous badminton legend is called Prakash (light) and her mother is Ujjala (brightness).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17164162", "title": "Tarun Gogoi dedicates women commando unit to Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: With the motto to protect women's dignity and rights, chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who is also in charge of the home department, dedicated Assam Police's new women commando unit Virangana to city residents on Friday.The state police claimed that Virangana is the lone such \"multi-tasking\" women commando unit in the country. \"These women commandoes went through rigorous training in Tamil Nadu. The 'viranganas' will rule the city streets shortly,\" said Bhaskar Jyoti Mahanta, IGP (Training and Armed Police).On May 16, the process of forming a special multi-tasking women commando unit began with at least 16 contingents, including men and women. They were sent for commando training in Tamil Nadu. \"Initially, there will be 100 women commandos for the city. They were trained in the 'silent drill', which is only known to US marines. Besides, they are highly trained in martial art, bike riding and horse riding. They were also given special training to handle lethal and non-lethal arms,\" said Satyaraj Hazarika, commandant of Dergaon Basic Training Centre.Dressed in black and donning violet caps, the 'viranganas' will keep a pouch carrying the non-lethal ammo. \"Along with stun grenades, these commandos will also keep some latest electronic devices which are used to immobilize a target,\" added the trainer.Specially instructed to act swiftly against eve teasers or anyone trying to harm a woman's modesty, the \"viranganas\" were also educated with women's legal rights. These women commandos are likely to be deployed in vulnerable locations like bars, discos, pubs or clubs. \"We have 30 bikes for the time being which will be used by them. The 'viranganas' will spread all over the city in different platoons. Each platoon will be under one armed branch sub-inspector level officer headed by a divisional SP,\" said Hazarika.Earlier, state police chief J N Choudhury said the unit will spread all over the state accordingly. \"It's a very good initiative by the chief minister. With such kind of initiative, the moral of the state police is going to get a boost.\"City Police are also planning to launch a separate help line number, especially for women in distress or trouble, which will be connected to the Virangana units.\"Though the formation of a special force dedicated to the women had started in May, after the GS road incident the process was accelerated. We are happy that the unit is ready,\" said a source. On July 9, a teenage girl was molested by a mob at the GS Road. Later, more than 15 people were arrested in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162444", "title": "Buildings can have only 2 cellphone towers: BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC will not allow more than two cellphone towers to be installed on rooftops.Currently, the civic body is finalizing a new policy after the Union department of telecommunication (DoT) issued guidelines on installation of the towers. While formulating the policy, the public concern over the health hazards will also be kept in mind.Mumbai's cellphone usage is high and various service providers are vying to grab a major share in the market and want to instal towers on buildings to provide better connectivity. Most residential housing societies agree as the companies even pay them for erecting the tower.The civic body also plans to have a special counsel to fight the case in the high court and to vacate the stay on taking any action on the illegal towers.\"Although we don't have our own machinery to check radiation levels, a new policy will soon be drafted to check the number of towers in Mumbai. We will not allow more than two towers on the top of a building.\"The issue was raised by BJP corporator Vinod Shelar who said Mumbaikars were facing grave danger to their lives due to rising cellphone tower radiation as the BMC had not prepared any guidelines. \"The health hazards created by these towers are worrisome and the civic body has failed to take action against them despite repeated demands, he said.\"At certain places, five to six towers have been set up on terraces,\" Shelar said.\"An increase in cellphone towers has seen rise in diseases like cancer , brain tumour, high blood pressure and heart ailments. The proportion of birds has also reduced considerably in Mumbai,\" he added.Several mobile companies are violating the proposed transmission levels of 600 microwatt proposed by the International Commission of Non-Iodised Radiation and making transmissions as high and dangerous as 7620 microwatt, claimed Shelar.According to BMC officials, the onus is on the DoT's term cell to scrutinize the radiation levels. \"In some cases where the radiation levels are high, BMC officials can register cases on the DoT helpline,\" Gupta addedHeading For Trouble* According to the BMC, there are 3,489 cellphone towers in Mumbai. Of these 1,628 (47%) are illegal* Over 500 towers have been installed without the civic body's nod in Bandra, Khar, Santa Cruz ,Vile Parle, Andheri and Jogeshwari. K-East ward (eastern side of Vile Parle, Andheri and Jogeshwari) has 261 illegal towers D ward (Malabar Hill, Nana Chowk ) has 138 unauthorized ones", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17162682", "title": "Filmmaker Mira Nair to attend Iffi 2012", "text": "PANAJI: Internationally acclaimed filmmaker Mira Nair will be attending the International Film Festival of India (Iffi) 2012 to be hosted in Goa from November 20 to 30. The filmmaker's new movie 'The Reluctant Fundamentalist' will be the closing film at Iffi.\"The Iffi opening and closing movies this year have a deep India connection. The opening film 'Life of Pi' has been shot in Pondicherry and the closing film 'The Reluctant Fundamentalist' has been made by Indian filmmaker Mira Nair, who will also be attending the screening of the film,\" Iffi director Shankar Mohan said.Both the opening and closing films have been slated to premiere in 2013. The Reluctant Fundamentalist stars Hollywood star Kate Hudson and is based on a novel bearing the same name.Shankar Mohan said that the festival this year will have its main focus on 100 years of Indian Cinema.\"100 years of Indian Cinema will be our major focus this year. Altogether 25 feature films and 56 documentaries will be screened during the festival. A special centenary award will also be presented to a chosen film which will carry a cash prize of 10 lakh,\" Shankar Mohan said.The cast of Life of Pi, which includes actors Tabu and Irfan Khan , is also expected to attend the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17164045", "title": "Breast cancer: Spread the word, Mamta urges students", "text": "KOZHIKODE: For the volunteers of Pratheeksha, an organization of cancer survivors in the city, and hundreds of college girls in the Providence Women's College auditorium on Friday, there could not have been a more inspirational talk on cancer awareness.Actor, singer and cancer survivor Mamta Mohandas livened up the breast cancer awareness month activities organized by Pratheeksha by candidly sharing her experience on fighting cancer and urging the students to spread the word.\"Please listen to your body. Take time out of your busy schedules to examine your body. From my experience I can tell you it is really worth it,\" the actor, who successfully completed her treatment of Hodgkins Lymphoma in 2010, told the audience.\"It can happen to anyone at any time. I was healthy and following regular workouts when one day the disease knocked me down. But I found that one could fight the disease by developing a positive mental framework. The power of the mind is unbelievable; you should keep the mind strong by removing all negative thoughts,\" she said.Mamta also urged the students to take the lead in breaking the taboos about cancer by speaking about it. \"I decided to speak out about my experiences after finding that many people considered it a taboo to speak about cancer. Talking to other survivors instills hope and helps one learn more about the disease. So you should spread the word, that will save many lives,\" she told the students.Dr Narayanankutty Warrier, oncologist and patron of Pratheeksha, said that following a healthy lifestyle with regular exercise and low fat food would help prevent breast cancer to a great extend as it was a hormone- dependent cancer.Mamta gave away prizes to the winners of the inter-collegiate quiz on breast cancer awareness. Pratheeksha president Sreedharan Malaparamba and Providence College principal Sister Ansila also spoke at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163720", "title": "KTPS staffers want more traffic cops near Mankapur rly crossing", "text": "NAGPUR: Fed up with frequent snarls at Mankapur railway crossing, a group of employees working at Koradi Thermal Power Station (KTPS) met deputy commissioner of police (DCP) Traffic Jeevraj Dabhade and demanded to deploy additional traffic cops to man the vehicular movement.A delegation led by senior KTPS official Avinash Prabhune suggested six points to the DCP to ease congestion at the crossing after opening of the railway gate. Their suggestions included constructing dividers for 50 to 100 meters on either side of the crossing, enforcing one-lane discipline and penalizing motorists who are caught jumping the lane. Presently, motorists create obstacles by pushing their vehicles in two-three lanes after opening of the gate.The employees also pointed out that though two traffic cops were deployed, it failed to ease congestion. \"Many a time, these cops can be found standing at tea stalls near WOX cooler waiting for defaulters instead of controlling the traffic. It is funny to see 4-5 policemen sitting at Koradi Octroi Naka check post, which is hardly a km away from the crossing, and on the opposite side, around half a km from the Mankapur crossing,\" they stated.The delegation also demanded to depute additional cops for at least a month on trial basis for controlling the traffic. \"At least 2-4 more policemen must be deputed for imposing fines on defaulters for jumping the lane. Besides disciplining motorists, the fine would also earn some revenue for the state,\" the memorandum suggested. The DCP assured to increase the manpower from the existing two to three.Other KTPS staffers MV Pathak, MP Sonalikar, SV Khante, PG Wandhare, SR Deshkar, GA Bawankule, SB Deshpande and others also demanded the DRM (central railway) to direct the gateman to operate the gate according to the movement of the trains. \"Many times the gate remains close for more than 15-20 minutes,\" they added.On construction of dividers, Dabhade said that as the work for making the road four-lane is going on, no agencies including the Nagpur Municipal Corporation can take up this issue. The DCP advised the KTPS employees to ask their seniors for providing barricades to regulate traffic at the crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17164996", "title": "Zila panchayat CEO takes officers to task", "text": "BELGAUM: Belgaum zilla panchayat (ZP) chief executive officer V Shankar issued show cause notices to panchayat executive officers of Ramdurga and Bailhongal taluks for not attending the KDP meeting here on Friday. It was the first meeting for the newly elected president Shanta Krishna Kallolikar and vice president Usha Kallappa Shitri of ZP.To review ongoing projects, officials from various departments attended the meeting.ZP member Ratna Malleshi Yadavad took the forest department officials to task. She alleged that the forest officials just give bogus figures. She also mentioned that the forest officials failed to distribute plant saplings to schools. She also mentioned that the forest officials have taken signatures from gram panchayat presidents but are yet to give any saplings. Each gram panchayat and schools should get 350 and 40 saplings respectively, but forest officials failed to provide the same everywhere, added Ratna.President Shanta also called upon the officers to be well prepared with facts and figures before coming to the meeting. Shankar too scolded some officers and engineers for their lacklustre preparation. He issued show cause notices to Bailhongal taluk panchayat executive officer Kodlur and Ramdurga taluk panchayat executive officer Nirani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164202", "title": "UP may restart sports quota in govt jobs: CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday said that the Samajwadi Party government is giving a serious thought on reintroducing sports quota in government jobs in Uttar Pradesh. The CM said that these steps would be taken to promote and honour sportsmen in the state.The chief minister was in Gonda on Friday to inaugurate an engineering college and the three-day senior national wrestling championship. He said that the decision of the Bahujan Samaj Party government in Uttar Pradesh will be reviewed, and added that his party had always remained sensitive towards the sportsperson.\"Sportsmen would be posted on vacant posts and given due respect,\" Akhilesh said, and added that SP president and former CM Mulayam Singh Yadav has always respected wrestlers and announced that multi-purpose halls will be built in the rural areas to promote sports and offer a platform to the rural youth to show their sporting talents. \"Despite inheriting empty coffers from the previous government, our government will do whatever is required to meet the promises that the party has made in its election manifesto. We have already taken steps for the welfare of farmers and youngsters,\" Akhilesh said. The CM further stated that his government was providing manure to farmers and ensuring justified price to them. Announcing the construction of 24 roads and five bridges, the CM reiterated his government's concern for development of infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17165382", "title": "Gadget we can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t live without: Alarm clock", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17164791", "title": "Delhi smog not caused by stubble burning: Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Both Punjab and Haryana governments have rubbished claims of Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit that the smog enveloping the national capital is due to paddy stubble on fire in the two states' fields.Haryana power and environment minister Ajay Singh on Friday denied Dikshit's allegations wherein she blamed stubble burning in Haryana for smog in New Delhi.\"Had it been the case, Haryana should have been affected the most. I think Delhi government should review the cause as there could be some other factors. Otherwise, we have already put corrective as well as punitive measures in place to check stubble burning in Haryana. The district magistrates have issued the prohibitory orders banning stubble burning and pollution control board teams are also monitoring the situation,\" said Ajay Singh.The SAD-BJP alliance in Punjab too has vehemently opposed the charges of the Delhi CM. \"The air is clear across Punjab and there is no smog here. If paddy burning had been a cause then cities in Punjab would have been the first to be hit. It's a blame which is not backed by any scientific support,\" said Harcharan Bains, adviser to chief minister Parkash Singh Badal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17165150", "title": "Ludhiana markets glitter", "text": "LUDHIANA: With Diwali drawing close, Ludhiana is positively glittering. People are thronging markets to buy presents for their loved ones. As always, the most favoured places to shop are Sarabha Nagar or Kipps Market in common parlance, Ghumar Mandi and Model Town. The immense variety in these markets is complemented by irresistible offers.\"Almost every shop in Model Town has a discount board saying 40 to 70 per cent off. I have been visiting the market with my daughter every day. We have a joint family of 12 members and choosing the right gift is important,\" said Neetu Kaur of Dugri.While prudent spenders find bargains attractive, there are those who are only concerned with giving their dear ones something they will remember the rest of their lives. Dheer Gupta, a businessman from BRS Nagar is definitely one such. \"I plan to give my brother and his wife a crystal chandelier that will set me back by a few thousands. But I am not bothered about the price. This is their first Diwali after marriage and I want to make things special for them,\" he explained.Everything that will ensure a memorable Diwali is on offer. Shoppers could go hunting for home decor, furniture, electronics, imported chocolates and assorted dry fruits. Wooden and crystal lamp shades and scented candles are favourites. This year, many people are going in for Chinese butterfly lights. People who prefer an eco-friendly Diwali prefer to stay away from electronic lights though. They are opting for candles and diyas instead. \"Scented candles and diyas in different shapes and sizes with reed diffusers and oils are quite popular,\" Rohit Galhotra, a designer at Model Town said.With so much on offer, there's hardly any room to go wrong. \"Diwali is all about sharing joys. I plan to give my in-laws an entire package of home decor accessories. They are moving to their new home on Diwali and it would add to their excitement,\" said Anita Khanna of Model Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164743", "title": "Need to promote industries in Vidarbha, Marathwada: Pawar", "text": "PUNE: The Pune-Mumbai-Thane-Aurangabad industrial belt already has a large presence of industries and there is a need now to promote new industries in Marathwada and Vidarbha, said Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar .He said the state government needs to initiate steps to implement industry-friendly policies and set up goals to promote decentralisation of industries.Pawar was speaking at the inaugural session organised at the council hall on the occasion of platinum jubilee celebrations of the state legislature. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, industry minister Narayan Rane , leader of opposition Eknath Khadse and speaker of state assembly Dilip Walse Patil were also present apart from the CM.Pawar said even though Maharashtra has always remained an important state for new industries, it cannot be ignored that they were only focused on the Pune-Mumbai-Thane-Aurangabad belt. It was a challenge to decentralise industrial growth by taking it to other parts.\"I feel there is no need to promote more industries in areas like Pune and Mumbai. Rather, the government should give concessions for setting up industrial units in other parts of the state.\"Pawar also urged the state government to promote agri-based industries in the state. He said, \"The government should adopt aggressive marketing strategies to sell the produce in other states as well. Besides, there is also a need to reduce the excess burden from agriculture by promoting more business opportunities in service and other sectors.\"Pointing out the water crisis in many parts of the state, Pawar said that this was not acceptable as fulfilling drinking water demands was the priority of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17164892", "title": "Sale of chicken dips in Dharwad", "text": "DHARWAD: Reports of bird flu from Bangalore have brought down the consumption of chicken in the twin cities and hatcheries fear further dip in the days to come. Price of chicken has crashed considerably from the day aviation flu was reported.Hubli-Dharwad twin cities have over 80 poultry farms. Hit hard by the bird flu in February 2006 most of the farmers handed over their sheds to leading hatcheris like the Venkateshwar Hatcheries Limited, Asha Feeds and Suguna Farms under the 'integration' scheme. Several countries importing chicken from India had banned imports from India only to withdraw the ban in 2007 after the government declared that the birds were free from disease.Chicken and egg supplied from Karnataka to Kerala have been culled and destroyed due to fear of bird flu. Under the integration scheme the hatcheries provide chicks, feed and medicine to the farmers who will rear them at their sheds. The hatcheries would then lift the birds and pay at the rate of Rs 3.50 plus per kg.Birds were being sold at the wholesale market for Rs 50 plus per kg and after the news of the bird flu spread the wholesale price has come down to Rs 42 per kg on Thursday.Chicken off the menuOwners of restaurants serving non-vegetarian food are trying hard to convince the consumers that there is no bird flu in the region but in vain.Chicken lovers not ready to take any risk are opting for mutton and fish. As a result, prices of meat and fish are going up. Chicken, the favourite dish during weddings of non-vegetarian families, remained off the menu after the news of aviation flu spread.Grim situationSatish Malhotra, who has been in poultry farming, said the situation is likely to be grim further.As it is there is a dip in sales by 30 per cent in the twin cities and it may go down further due to avian flu scare, he explained. On an average 1,500-2,000 birds weighing 4,000 kg are sold everyday in Dharwad and it has gone down 900-1000 (weighing 2,000 kg), he added.Deepak Gaonkar, owner of a restaurant said: \"While retail price of mutton has gone up from Rs 320-330 per kg, the price of 'Surma' Pauplet, Nagali and Prons variety of fish has risen. Big sized surma costs Rs 350-400 per kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "17165161", "title": "White revolution at Barwakhurd village", "text": "MOTIHARI: Barwakhurd, a sleepy village located on Indo-Nepal border under Ghorasahan block in East Champaran district, once known for illicit mini distilleries, has now turned into the biggest milk producing centre of Tirhut Milk Union of Sudha Dairy, Muzaffarpur, covering seven districts of North Bihar.The farmers of this village supply 2,200 litres milk to Sudha Dairy, Muzaffarpur, daily and earn around Rs 13 lakh monthly excluding bonus.Earlier, this village had earned a bad name when more than seven distilleries ran at the village near 'no man's land' on Indo-Nepal border, in which around 20% of the village population was engaged. The police and excise officials used to visit this village off and on between 1980 to 1999 to collect their weekly fixed amount from liquor traders and dozen of poor families were ruined as their bread earners died after regular drinking of spurious liquor. More than six persons were killed in group rivalry between liquor barons.The young boys and girls of this village were against trade of spurious liquor but in vain, said an elderly woman Suwana Devi. \"This village was earlier known as village of veteran freedom fighters like the late Rambaran Singh, the late Bechan Sah, the late Matuk Singh, who took part in freedom movement and was jailed several times, but we faced distress during last 20 years,\" she added.A farmer Birendra Singh organized 'Yuva Gram Vikas Samiti' and Santosh Singh was elected its president and the committee with the support of villagers launched a movement against illegal distilleries at the village.After sometime, the villagers decided to start production of milk at their village to make themselves economically sound as they have traditionally generated income from farming only producing paddy and wheat. The total population of this village is 2,500 comprising small and marginal farmers and farm labourers, who speak Bhojpuri. There is only one primary school at the village having no building.A village youth Dinesh Kumar Singh after month-long effort set up a milk producing cooperative society, Barwakhurd, and got affiliation from Tirhut Milk Union Ltd of Sudha Dairy, Muzaffarpur. Sunil Kumar Singh and Dinesh Kumar Singh were elected first president and secretary respectively of the Society. The society started with supply of only 16 litres milk per day to dairy from February 21, 1999, and after 12 years it is supplying 2,200 litres milk everyday. According to Dinesh Kumar Singh, secretary, milk producers or suppliers are getting Rs 13 to Rs 14 lakh per month as cost of milk from Sudha Dairy and in addition to this they get bonus of Rs 4 lakh to Rs 5 lakh from the dairy per year.Jangbir Thakur, mukhiya of this panchayat said, \"The standard of life of the villagers here have changed. The nationalized banks financed the milk producers in purchasing more than 400 cows and buffaloes and Tirhut Milk Union provided breeding facilities, animal health care, feed and fodder and training services and the farmers are using only organic fertilizer in their fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17165074", "title": "Toothsome becomes troublesome", "text": "LUDHIANA: Come festivals and diabetics in the city lose control over their sweet tooth. This results in more patients visiting hospitals with complaints of uncontrolled sugar level. With Diwali round the corner, the diabetologists in the city say diabetic people indulge in sweets and dry fruits during such occasions and their sugar-level gets affected.Dr Geeti Puri Arora, diabetologist at Deep Hospital, says 80% of her patients every day complaint of uncontrolled sugar. If on a routine day, I see about 15 patients, then the number goes up to 25-30 during festivals. \"Those living with diabetes should not give up to the urge of eating sweets as higher sugar level can lead to a stroke too,\" adds Dr Arora.Staying away from dry fruits is also important, suggest experts. \"It is not only the sweets that lead to uncontrolled sugar level but even dry fruits,\" says Dr Mani Kant Singla, consultant endocrinologist and diabetologist at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17162949", "title": "Banasthali case: National Commission for Women submits report to CM, recommends probe", "text": "JAIPUR: National Commission for Women (NCW) has recommended a high level probe into allegations of molestation and harassment leveled against a Banasthali university employee and a shopkeeper by students who had launched a mass protest on October 4 that lasted for three days.The commission submitted its probe report to chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Sunday and urged him to direct the police to take appropriate action. NCW chairman Mamta Sharma met the victim in Bihar who denied of being molested in the university campus. Incidentally, the victim had filed a police complaint of molestation against the ambulance driver.Sources said despite the denial, the girl (victim) had left Banasthali.On the basis of fact finding report, the commission has made 21 recommendations to university administration.Taking a strong view on decades old rules, Sharma said, \"The university is enforcing its decades old, outdated rules on students. The outdated rules such as calling 'Didi' to seniors and not allowing cellphones in the campus are not gelling with students coming from bigger cities. Even asking them to stick to traditional dresses kills the conducive study environment.\"Though the commission has failed to establish any charges, it has not ruled out any possibility of charges leveled by students. They find it surprising that university spread over hundreds of acres doesn't have CCTVs in place. \"The university is very large in size. It has several places which are not being patrolled by guards,\" said Sharma, while adding the absence of a students' complaint redressal cell is highly undemocratic.The report came hard on Banasthali University for suppressing the news of the incident to save their skin. They charged university for violating Vishaka guidelines for girls/women set by the Supreme Court.Sharma refused to comment on the role of police. Sources said that commission has expressed its anger over the way the police reacted to the whole episode and thus recommended a probe. Even the state women's commission has accused police of hushing up the matter by booking the accused under sections 107 and 116 which are bailable and don't cover the entire incident. Sharma said that they are following every single development in the case and will intervene as and when required.The commission is also examining the unusual exodus of 213 girls in a period from August to September 2012 in the middle of a session. Notably, NCW took a strong cognizance of the incident reported in newspapers on October 5 and sent a team including chairman on October 9. The report was based on the testimony of several students and ground observation made by team.1. Recommends high level probe2. Suggests installing CCTVs on all major routes and isolated places4. Wants the university to allow them to use cell phones and dress according to their choice after classes5. Pitches for a platform for girls to raise their grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17163102", "title": "Will PM okay Mumbai revamp plan?", "text": "MUMBAI: As Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrives in Mumbai on Saturday on a two-day visit, the state government and citizens are pinning hopes that he would lend a push to the multi-crore Mumbai makeover plan.While Singh, who will land in the city around 3pm, will attend two private functions during his stay, senior officials said a meeting on matters of the government could take place between Singh and CM Prithviraj Chavan late in the evening.So what's the city's wish list for the PM? Decongesting the traffic is top on the agenda with the state lining up issues concerning the Rs 9,600-crore Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link (MTHL) and the Colaba-Bandra-Seepz underground metro.The state will again flag off its demand for a \"greenfield\" tag for the Navi Mumbai international airport. The Churchgate-Virar rail corridor project could also be taken up.While the Union finance ministry has agreed in principle to provide Rs 1,920 crore as viability gap for MTHL, the state feels a condition limiting the concession term to 30 years in case of high traffic after the 20th and the 29th year was inconvenient and wants it to be exchanged for a blanket 35-year term. The state could seek commitment towards the Centre's equity and sanctioning of the loan component for the underground Metro route.The state could push for PM's intervention in the Indu Mill row and may reiterate its demand for allowing slum redevelopment on Centre lands. The state could also reiterate its demand for a \"hybrid\" redevelopment model under Rajeev Awaas Yojana. Restrictions on high-rise development in CRZ areas on account of an MoEF memorandum could also be raised.The state has also sought the PM's intervention for resolving the long-pending land transfer issue with the ministry of defence to push the Multimodal International Hub Airport project at Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17164358", "title": "Indore likely to witness major climate change", "text": "INDORE: The city is all set to witness major climatic changes in the years to come. Both maximum and minimum temperatures of the city will be increased by 3 degree celsius or more during 2046-2065, says a study by an NGO, Centre for Environment Protection Research and Development (CEPRD). The entire study is based on the climatic change as being witnessed by the city, says the study which has been compiled by the secretary, CEPRD, NK Surana.Models of temperature anomalies were also prepared and prediction indicated variations in temperature up to 5 degree celsius. This means increase in minimum as well as maximum temperatures, says the study, which was conducted under the project partnership of Rockefeller Foundation and was released on world Environment Day last year.The selection of models from the studies indicates a possible variation in the current and future precipitation for the city of Indore as well. Two out of three models predict likely decrease in precipitation of the order of 20 to 40 mm/month whereas the remaining three models predict an increase in precipitation of around 20 to 100 mm/month.Talking to ToI, Surana, a retired engineer of IMC, who is also the convenor of pilot project, 'Climate change-conjunctive water management', said, \"Temperature of the city has increased during the past one decade too. The only thing that it was a marginal increase. However, this time the increase will be bigger. Hence we are advising people to go for water recharging to face the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17163341", "title": "Once abused, 700 children set to become agents of change", "text": "JAIPUR: Life was never promising for 13-year-old Suraj, a tribal, till he was rescued from a Bt cotton field in Banaskantha in Gujarat a year ago.Suraj had migrated to Gujarat in the winter of 2010 to support his family, unaware that he along with many other children were sold by a middleman for five years.He could hardly make out the difference between days and nights as both were spent working tirelessly in solitary confinement.His days of drudgery ended one midnight amid heavy rain and lightning. \"I woke up with someone screaming 'open the door'. I was a bit scared and asked another labourer beside me to open the gate. That day we found our way out of the world of misery,\" he recalled.He was rescued by Action Aid, an NGO working for child rights. Since then, he has seen his life change remarkably.He is one of the participants at the three-day 'Children's Conclave' organized by Action Aid at Scouts and Guide training centre at Jagatpura along with 700 other children from Rajasthan and Gujarat.The NGO has been taking care of these children belonging to marginalized communities and fights for their rights, Right to Education being one of the most important, among other initiatives.The conclave is aimed at providing orientation to children from the two states on constitutional values such as equality, secularism, peace, respect for diversity and pluralism through mutual interaction and creative and fun activities.Coordinator of NGO Khilti Kaliyaan Shiv Singh Nayal, who has rescued hundreds of such children, observed that the situation is still alarming as children in the interiors continue to migrate to work in Bt cotton fields and asbestos mining regions. \"Bringing them in the mainstream is not possible until the quality of education at government schools is improved,\" added Nayal, who is participating in the event.Action Aid regional manager for Rajasthan and Gujarat, Shabnam Aziz, said the children participating in the conclave would prepare a charter of demands and submit it to the state government, while offering their services as agents for change.She pointed out that Action Aid was working for welfare of children from marginalized families through 'Baal Manches' with a membership of 15,000 children.Children will be taking part in cultural events, sports activities, debates along with films and puppet shows during the three-day conclave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163031", "title": "Cops crack Rs 3L robbery case within 24 hours", "text": "NAGPUR: Within 24 hours of the crime being committed, the Lakadganj police cracked the case of the Rs 3 lakh robbery with the arrest of a servant who had tipped off the thieves about the cash.On Thursday afternoon, two youths on a bike hurled chilli powder on Vijay Yadav and Azil-ul-Haq, threatened them with a knife and fled with the cash from the scooter's dickey at Small Factory area in Wardhaman Nagar.Yadav and Azil were employed by Kalamna orange trader Mohammad Alfaq. On Thursday, on Alfaq's order, Yadav and Azil withdrew Rs 6 lakh cash. They kept Rs 3 lakhs in a bag which the duo carried while the remaining was placed in the dickey.While heading to Alfaq's office, the youths stopped them to seek directions to an address and suddenly threw chilli powder. As Yadav and Azil alighted from the scooter, the two youths fled with the cash in the dickey. Interestingly, they didn't take the cash bag from Yadav.On Yadav's complaint, the cops registered a case. Sensing something fishy, the cops rounded-up Azil and during interrogation, he revealed the plan. Police said that Azil had tipped off two youths about the cash and planned the robbery.One of the accused, Faizul, was recently released on bail. He had been booked by the Nandanvan police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164415", "title": "War veterans to visit Pak, push for peace", "text": "NEW DELHI: Most of them have faced each other several times at the Indo-Pak frontier. They have experienced the most ghastly moments of war. But now they can hardly hold back the excitement of meeting each other again beyond the frontier.A team of about 160 war veterans under the banner of India-Pakistan Soldiers' Initiative for Peace (IPSI) have been invited by their Pakistan counterparts for a peace meeting to Pakistan. A majority of these war veterans have fought the 1965, 1971 and the Kargil war in 1999 but soon after retirement they joined IPSI, which was launched by late Gandhian Nirmala Deshpande in 1993. War veterans from Pakistan had made similar visits to India earlier; it's the second time the Indian team will be going to Pakistan. The core objective of the meet, scheduled to start on November 18, will be to find alternatives to resolve the Kashmir conflict.The massive aftereffects of war on the economy and the pathetic condition of communities living in war zones prompted most of these soldiers to take up the peace initiative. \"When we are in uniform, our priority is to combat the enemy. But after retirement, we see the impact of battles on people and the economy. While war is a very important tool of state policy, we felt that it can be avoided,\" says secretary general of IPSI and retired Brigadier J L Kaul.He explains that the role that ex-soldiers will play in the peace process will be very different from diplomats or politicians. \"We will not mince words like diplomats. Soldiers share a very unique relationship, which is not affected by the fact that we are fighting each other,\" says retired colonel and Vishisht Seva Medal awardee Abdul Rasul Khan.He recollects after a three-day bloody battle at Asal Uttar in 1965, one of the largest tank battles, a few Pakistan soldiers had a conversation with the Indian soldiers. \"The next morning after the war, a soldier from the other side suddenly addressed one of our Indian soldiers in chaste Haryanvi. He said that he knew the soldier was from Haryana when he heard his accent from a distance. Our soldier responded to him and called him 'tau.' It was very funny to hear such conversation after the bitterest battle. That's the kind of bonhomie soldiers share,\" Khan has several such bitter-sweet memories of their relationship with Pakistan soldiers. \"On both sides, we realize that war with Pakistan was unnecessary,\" he adds.Kaul said the cross-LOC travel in J&K; and trade efforts that have started, and the move to start a new visa regime that will replace a 38-year old visa regime is likely to ease curbs on issuing visas to traders, elderly persons, tourists, pilgrims, members of civil society and children. \"While these measures are great, we believe that with regular talks we will surely achieve a thaw. We want to continue discussing Kashmir, with our counterparts,\" he says. The Indian team also feels confident about this dialogue because \"in Pakistan, the army and ex-army men have a lot of influence and power\".The Pakistan war veterans are also preparing to receive the Indian delegation and chalk out an itinerary for the meet. \"We are very excited about the meet. It is long overdue. Despite fighting each other eye ball to eye ball, we are glad that now we have chance to talk about peace. We are done with the fighting,\" retired General Humayun Bangash told TOI on the phone from Pakistan. The Indian delegation will be received at the Wagah border on November 18; they are likely to visit Lahore, Islamabad and Abbottabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162858", "title": "MTHL toll fixed before work starts", "text": "MUMBAI: Even before the construction of the Nhava-Sewri sea link has begun, the state has fixed the toll amounts that people will have to pay if they use the 22-km bridge that will bring Mumbai and Navi Mumbai closer by half an hour.Those driving in a car will have to pay Rs 235 as a one-way toll on the Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link for the first three years. \"The toll will increase by 5% every three years and the amount will be charged for 30 years,\" a source in the state administration said. It is expected to take five years to build the sea link and the work is likely to begin next year.\"Toll will be charged for the first 30 years. Through the toll, the developer will recover the money he will invest and reap profit, besides use a part of it for maintenance,\" the source added. For light commercial vehicles, the one-way toll will be Rs 350, while for heavy vehicles, it will be Rs 550. Around 5,0000-1 lakh vehicles are expected to take the bridge in the first three years of it being opened.The government on Friday decided to issue a state-support agreement and a toll notification so that the bidding to appoint a developer for the construction of the structure can be started. The facility has recently received a major boost from the Centre, which announced Rs 2,900 crore as its share in the Rs 9,600-crore plan. The project's nodal agency, MMRDA, will share an equal amount (Rs 2,900 crore) on behalf of the state, while the rest will be borne by the developer.The MMRDA also plans to start work on certain roads towards Panvel before taking up the construction of the trans-Harbour link. MMRDA's expert panel has shortlisted five eligible consortiums to develop it. \"The bidding will decide the final consortium, which will take over the work. The exercise should not take more than six to eight months,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164896", "title": "Joint family to keep 3 LPG connections", "text": "CHENNAI: Coming to the rescue of a joint family of 13 members, the Madras high court has allowed it to retain all three LPG connections and set aside Indane's decision to cancel two connections.Justice D Hariparanthaman, hearing a petition filed by T Vatsala and two of her daughters-in-law, residents of West Tambaram, directed the company to continue supply of three LPG cylinders to the family. \"When the petitioners are living together as a joint family, that too with 13 members and having a common kitchen, the same should be appreciated and the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) officials are not correct in directing them to surrender two LPG connections,\" he said.Vatsala and her 72-year-old husband Shri Balakrishnan had obtained the first LPG connection for the family. The couple has three sons - Shajimon, Rajimon and Ajimon. All of them are married but are living as a joint family with a common kitchen. The family now has three LPG connections.On January 13, 2012, the chief area manager of IOC passed an order stating the family could not retain all three connections, as it violated the LPG (Regulation of Supply and Distribution) Order, 2000. He directed the family to surrender two connections and retain only one. The petition filed by the three family members questioned the legality of the order.Noting that the family did not desire to have separate kitchens, their counsel told the court that if the IOC authorities insisted, there was no option but to separate their kitchen.Justice Hariparanthaman cited Order 3 of the LPG (Regulation of Supply and Distribut0ion) Order, 2000, and said: \"The proviso makes it clear that keeping in view the difficulty and hardship experienced by the household, more than one LPG connection could be provided. In this case, the three brothers along with their parents and children are living as a joint family; totally, they are 13 in number and they have a common kitchen. Therefore, the order of the IOC authorities directing them to surrender the two LPG connections out of three connections cannot be countenanced.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17164354", "title": "CPM behind sand mafia in Kannur: Congress leader", "text": "KANNUR: Kannur MP and senior Congress leader K Sudhakaran has said that it was CPM that controls the sand mafia in the district.\"I can prove that a CPM leader from Azhikode South is behind the sand mafia here. He is illegally mining sand from near the mangrove forest at Pappinissery,\" he said at a press conference here on Friday. He was responding to the allegation by the CPM that Sudhakaran was behind the sand mafia here and he was also controlling the police department in the district.Referring to home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan's statement that it was the duty of the home department to keep the moral of the police force, Sudhakaran said that being a leader it was his responsibility to keep up the morale of the party workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17168022", "title": "'Thuppakki' assures right mix like Rajini films", "text": "With just two days left for Deepavali, the box-office is preparing itself to handle the rush. Director A R Murugadoss is upbeat that audience could have a blast watching 'Thupakki' on big screen. The film will hit more than 1,500 screens on November 13.Ilayathalapathy Vijay's Thuppakki is loaded fully and is one of the most awaited in Kollywood for this festive season. Harris Jayaraj's songs for 'Thupakki' are already making their presence felt.The director has assured that \" Thupakki will be on the lines of a Rajini film of the 1980s and 1990s. It will be a correct mix of everything fans would expect from a Deepavali release.\"Murugadoss further says both Vijay and Kajal Agarwal are thorough professionals and they gave their best to the film. \"Vijay's comic sense is amazing,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164180", "title": "Yamuna a drain, not a drop of fresh water: CPCB", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Yamuna is a drain with not a drop of fresh water in its 22-km stretch through Delhi, the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) informed the Supreme Court on Friday.\"River Yamuna ceases to exist downstream of Wazirabad barrage during a major part of the year and gets its flow due to Najafgarh drain at Wazirabad downstream,\" a two-member expert body appointed by the court said in its interim report.Presenting the report to a bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and S J Mukhopadhaya, CPCB counsel Vijay Panjwani said, \"Yamuna is a drain. Fresh water does not flow in the river except during monsoon. The entire flow of fresh water is harnessed at Wazirabad to provide drinking water to residents of Delhi.\"Amicus curiae and senior advocate Ranjit Kumar supported the expert body's interim findings and said what flowed into Yamuna within Delhi was treated and untreated waste and sewage water. \"So, it is nothing but a drain,\" he added.The expert committee's interim report said, \"The total installed sewage treatment capacity in Delhi is 2,460 million litres per day (MLD) as against the sewage generation of about 3,800 MLD. It is pertinent to mention that installed capacity is only 63% utilized in the absence of adequate coverage area.\"The report found that 1,360 MLD of sewage water flowed into the river untreated and got mixed with treated sewage, bringing to naught the entire effort to reduce pollution in the river.The apex court had taken suo motu notice of a news item 'And quiet flows maili Yamuna\" in 1994 and, since then, has been making efforts to reduce pollution level in the river, which has remained unsuccessful in the absence of comprehensive and joint efforts from authorities.The bench did not take kindly the state of affairs relating to Yamuna and virtually pleaded with the authorities to make \"some collective efforts to make the river clean\".It gave three more weeks to the expert body to present its final report relating to closure of drains which discharged untreated waste water into the river. It also asked the expert body to suggest remedial measures to make Yamuna clean.The interim report said, \"Najafgarh drain discharges about 2,064 MLD of waste water into Yamuna. Of this, only 629 MLD (30%) of waste water is treated through the installed capacity in the Najafgarh drain basin. It clearly indicates that there is large gap of 1,435 MLD of waste water which remains untreated. Even the treated sewage from sewage treatment plants is discharged with the Najafgarh drain where it is mixed with the untreated sewage, thereby defeating the very purpose of waste water treatment.\"Panjwani also informed the court the expert body found that many areas of the national capital did not have a drainage system at all. The report said, \"As a result, large quantity of sewage is diverted to storm water drains while the STPs are underutilized by 37%. Besides, 45% of the population in villages/unapproved colonies (recently regularized) are not covered by sewerage system.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17165481", "title": "No project for white tiger breeding, state to Madhya Pradesh high court", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government has denied taking up any project for breeding of white tiger in the state. This was stated by the state's forest department in its submission before the Madhya Pradesh high court against a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by scion of the former princely state of Rewa and former minister Pusphraj Singh, against selection of site for white tiger revival projectThe forest department said, \"We are not setting up any project for white tiger breeding at present or in near future.\"Singh had moved court against the state and central authorities a couple of months ago claiming that they were 'robbing the heritage of white tiger' by establishing a breeding centre at Mukundpur area in Satna instead of Govindgarh in Rewa district - where the first white tiger was found by his father Martand Singh Judeo in 1951. The tiger was domesticated by the Maharaja and christened as 'Mohan' - known across the world as father of all Bengal white tigers in the world.Principal secretary, ministry of environment &amp; forest, New Delhi, principal secretary, state forest department, chief conservator of forest (wildlife) and chief conservator of forest, Rewa, were made respondents in the petition.\"This instant PIL assails the inaction on the part of authorities which would cause irreparable damage and prejudice to the white tiger as well as people of Rewa,\" said Singh.He alleged that the state government got approval for the project of breeding tigers from Central Zoo Authority (CZA) and National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) by submitting a false and fabricated report.The value of the place is more of a heritage value and connection is emotional and very personal to the people of Rewa, Singh told TOI. He also alleged that government wants to facilitate construction of a private cement company at the site recommended for the white tiger project.Principal chief conservator of forest P K Shukla said Singh was creating a confusion over nothing.\"We are establishing a 'zoo and rescue Centre at Mukundpur area in Rewa and no project, as submitted by the petitioner, is being executed,\" he said.When contacted divisional forest officer S S Gaur confirmed that government has submitted its reply on Singh's PIL.Gaur said the site for zoo and rescue centre was finalised by a committee of three senior forest officials.\"The committee had also inspected the place which the petitioner was suggesting for white tiger conservation and breeding centre, but they did not find it suitable,\" he added.As of now we don't have plans to breed any white tiger, if any such project comes in near future, Singh can submit his application, said the forest officers.Singh claims that the forest officers are now shying from disclosing their actual project since the matter was taken to court.\"I have not proposed any site neither have I been asked by the forest department. Breeding white tiger was my project since 80s. It should be executed in Govindgarh, not necessary around the fort, but should be on foothills of Kaymore range,\" he said, adding that next hearing is scheduled after Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17162555", "title": "'Government, traffic police trying to stop event'", "text": "MARGAO: Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai accused the BJP of trying to sabotage a Narkasur contest and criticized the traffic police for trying to create hurdles for the organizers at the behest of his bete noire in the BJP.Addressing mediapersons on Friday, Sardesai said the organizers, Fatorda Yuva Shakti, supported by his 'We For Fatorda' foundation, would go ahead with the event.He said the traffic police had told the organizers to obtain NOCs from neighboring housing societies and after these were obtained they have set more hurdles.Traffic police officials refuted the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164881", "title": "Transfers delay government projects, says secretary", "text": "CHENNAI: Frequent transfers of senior officials in government departments impede projects, said a top official of the Tamil Nadu government on Friday.Speaking at a seminar organised by the Madras Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry (MCCI), housing and urban development department secretary Phanindra Reddy said several officials who are often inspiring and with full of ideas leave the department midway, thus stalling the thought process on an ongoing project. \"It is a problem across the country and not specific to Tamil Nadu,\" he said.It takes about six months for the new person to learn the job, another six months to learn to respond to key issues in the sector, Reddy said. \"This is where we need support of the corporate sector and other organizations,\" he said. Chennai City Connect is one such example of an organisation which has taken up the responsibility of ensuring that the process is kept going. \"Not only do they fill the research gap, but also take the ideas to the next leader,\" he said.In the context of World Habitat Day, he said cities need to be developed environmentally, socially and economically sustainable. This sustainability can only be achieved by a business model and not by corporate social responsibility or the government alone, said MCCI president T Shivaraman. \"Over the years, the government is trying to restrict the growth of cities. But the growth of cities is not preventable. We need to plan for rural to urban migration,\" he said.The seminar also took a moment to remember G Dattatri, the first chief urban planner of Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority, who died in September. \"We are now thinking of sustainable cities, partly because of Dattatri's inspiration,\" said British deputy high commissioner Mike Nithavrianakis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17164235", "title": "'No Haryana role in Delhi smog'", "text": "GURGAON: The Delhi-Haryana rivalry is never more clearly on show than when the issue being addressed has anything to do with pollution. Not long ago, water pollution in the Yamuna river was the bone of contention, with the two states blaming each other for having caused it. And now, after the Delhi chief minister, Shiela Dikshit, held the neighbouring states of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh - and their farm fires - responsible for the capital's daily thickening smog cover, the blame-game has begun anew.Officials of the Haryana State Pollution Control Board (HSPCB) have said that Delhi is blaming other states for a mess that is its own creation. \"They can't blame other states for it. Delhi's pollution levels are high because municipal solid waste is burned openly there. Besides, air pollution caused by the huge number of cars and other vehicles in the capital is on the rise. That's why, this season, the smog cover is so thick there,\" said Balraj Ahlawat, district pollution officer, HSPCB, Gurgaon.Ahlawat said that an official report - making the same points and blaming the smog blanket on, among other things, high humidity levels - has also been prepared by the pollution department. \"We have a meeting on Saturday with the Central Pollution Control Board officials in Delhi, and this report will be submitted there,\" he said. Officials from the states of Uttar Pradesh and Punjab are also expected to be present at Saturday's meeting.The 'farm fires' that the Delhi government has referred to, were indeed prevalent in Haryana's rural parts, and still are a major cause for concern. Around Diwali time, farmers here carry out mass burnings of their paddy straw, causing heavy smoke emanating harmful pollutants. Even though the practice was banned in 2003, the pollution board still finds dousing these farm fires something of a challenge.\"The pollution board is running awareness campaigns in 119 blocks across the state, where farmers are told about the harmful effect burning stalks has on the environment,\" said an HSPCB spokesperson. To encourage better popular participation in this drive against farm fires, the board has also announced cash prizes for the agricultural blocks that stay off this ritual this year. \"Prizes of up to Rs 50,000 are being offered to the blocks where the mass burning of paddy straw is not taking place,\" the spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164362", "title": "RLD slams government for delayed crushing season", "text": "LUCKNOW: When UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav doles out unemployment allowances to youth in Meerut on Saturday, he is likely to see some uninvited guests attending the function - agitating Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) workers demanding declaration of state advisory price for cane growers.The Meerut unit of RLD, the key ally of Congress, was reportedly all geared up to stage an agitation at the function. RLD state president, Munna Singh Chauhan said that the crushing season should have started in October. However, the state government, it appears, is in a deep slumber over the issue.On Friday, RLD workers handed over a memorandum to district magistrates in different districts on the issue. Addressed to UP governor, the workers said demanded timely redressal of farmers' due. RLD leader in legislative council, Dalvir Singh and RLD MLA from Baldev (Mathura), Pooran Prakash said that they would take on the government during the winter session of assembly scheduled to begin from November 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17162546", "title": "Centenarycelebration of Gomant Vidya Niketan", "text": "MARGAO: As part of the centenary celebration of the socio-cultural institution, Gomant Vidya Niketan (GVN), a three-day function will be organized and will be attended by chief minister Manohar Parrikar in the presence of scientist Raghunath Mashelkar on Saturday.\"GVN has recently completed renovation of its state-of-the-art air conditioned main auditorium having a capacity of 500 seats, amphitheatre with capacity of 175 seats and conference hall having a capacity of 150 seats,\" said Datta Naik, chairman, GVN centenary committee. Parrikar will inaugurate the main auditorium. He will also release the second edition of the book, 'Gomantkachi Sanskrutic Ghadan' written by the late Kashinath Damodar Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164336", "title": "Money withdrawn from LDA account via forged cheques", "text": "LUCKNOW: An FIR has been lodged against an HDFC account holder, Sheikh Samsuddin Mohammad, who allegedly colluded with Lucknow Development Authority officials and tried to draw Rs 3,51,000 through a forged cheque from the agency. This money was to be transferred to the accounts of applicants post cancellation of their allotments by the authority. LDA's account is being operated by UCO Bank in Gomtinagar.Suspecting the genuineness of cheque, HDFC Bank officer Pragya Tandon enquired with LDA higher officials and found that it carried forged signatures of the secretary and the finance controller and was never issued. LDA has given instructions to the banks not to entertain such cheques and immediately report to it after receiving them.In another case of forgery, Rs 26,65,000, has been withdrawn through a forged cheque from LDA account in UCO Bank in the name of authorised coordinators of Saint Loreto Public School education Committee namely TP Sharma and Tulsa Sharma, residents of Devri Road in Agra. Cases of forgery have also been lodged against them in Gomtinagar police station. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164776", "title": "Beached vessel refuses to budge", "text": "CHENNAI: The operation to salvage MT Pratibha Cauvery, grounded off the Chennai coast for more than a week, is turning out to be tougher than expected. Two attempts to tow the stricken tanker failed on Friday, leading experts to blame the miscalculations of the salvage team and lack of infrastructure. The first attempt, on Thursday, failed when the rope connecting the ship with the tug snapped. A fourth attempt is to be made on Saturday.After the third attempt to tow the ship failed at 3.46pm on Friday (the second was made at 3.46am), experts suggested using mud pumps to break the mud seal around the keel before trying to tow the vessel. \"At least half a dozen mud pumps have to be used,\" said a city-based expert. A person involved in the process said repeated attempts were not unusual in such operations and that they would use an additional tug if needed.Another expert, who had initiated similar operations in the past, said the salvage team lacked infrastructure. Despite having SCI tug Ratna, with a 270-tonne bollard capacity in the vicinity, the team decided to use only Malaviya, a 120-tonne capacity tug. \"They should have preferred Ratna,\" he said. The bollard of a tug defines its capacity to tow huge vessels in waters.The tanker, which lost anchor on October 31 before cyclone Nilam crossed the coast, has been beached half a nautical mile from the Marina shore for more than a week. Its keel and turbines are mired in sand. The Coast Guard marked a sterile area within a one-metre radius of the vessel and banned fishing activities.Towing operations are attempted only when the tide is high and the experts involved are following tide table updates released by the Indian naval hydrographic department.The three attempts failed, directorate-general of shipping officials said, due to misjudgements about the exact status of the vessel. \"Though we suggested the use of two tugs for the operation, the nine-member salvage team from Singapore decided to use only Malaviya. Keeping ballast water on board was also a failure. Now they are using 7 pumps to drain out 8,000 litres of water, including three on board,\" he said. Malaviya was brought from the Kakinada port on Wednesday while Ratna came from Mumbai port on Thursday.The operation is being carried out under procedure listed in Lloyds Open Form, the standard legal document which incorporates a Special Compensation P&I; Club clause to prevent any pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17164916", "title": "Case of rape and fraud registered against ex-BSP MLA", "text": "KANPUR: A case of rape and fraud has been registered with the police by a former district panchayat member against ex Bahujan Samaj Party MLA, RP Kushwaha. Kushwaha, however, has denied allegations levelled against him and termed it as a 'political conspiracy' against him.The former district panchayat member has stated in her complaint that Kushwaha had exploited her physically and also took huge cash amounting to Rs 16.98 lakhs with fake promises of getting her contracts and jobs for her family members. She also alleged that Kushwaha threatened her with dire consequences when asked him to return the cash, the police said.Meanwhile, former BSP MLA dismissed the charges of former district panchayat member and added that she has conspired all this to mount pressure on him. The police have booked former BSP MLA under Sections 406, 420, 376 and 506 of the IPC. Cops said complainant has been sent to hospital for medical examination and further action will be initiated receiving the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17165085", "title": "Pejawar seer, detractors happy with modifications of ritual", "text": "MANGALORE: The \"middle of the road'' decision by the state government in modifying the controversial practice of 'Made Made Snana' at the Kukke Subrahmanya temple in Dakshina Kannada district has been welcomed by both Pejawar mutt seer and Karnataka State Hindulida Vargagala Jagrutha Vedike.On Thursday, the state government told a division bench headed by chief justice Vikramajit Sen that devotees who want to perform the ritual would be allowed to roll over on plantain leaves with food offered to the deity at the sanctum sanctorum as 'naivedyam' and not tasted or eaten by anybody.\"It is not a good tradition (wasting food). But I am happy that at least some change is taking place. I hope in the coming days more changes will take place and this ritual comes to a complete halt,'' said Vedike president KS Shivaramu to TOI.Shivaramu was beaten black and blue by some devotees outside the Kukke Subrahmanya temple last year for opposing the ritual.Pejawar mutt seer Vishwesha Teertha Swamiji said that he is happy that the government accepted one of his \"middle of the path\" suggestions, which would please both the devotees and its detractors. Shivaramu said, \"We wanted a ban on both 'Made Made Snana' and 'Pankti Bhedha' (discrimination based on caste/religion/ gender).At the same time I also believe that religious beliefs cannot be changed overnight. We will start our awareness campaign from the next month so that devotees do not take part in the ritual. I also urge Dakshina Kannada district administration to see that the ritual is held this year as per the suggested modification.\"Krishnaprasad Muniyangala from Subrahmanya, who support the ritual, said, \"In my personal opinion, I'm not very happy with the order. We will consult others on what they feel about the order and then proceed further, if there is a need.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17163773", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation proposes private firm for octroi data entry job", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to outsource data entry work for its octroi department. The proposal to outsource the task, which will cost the NMC around Rs 57 lakh annually, is to be tabled at the next general body meeting for its approval.Following cancellation of privatization of octroi collection, the civic administration had started recovering octroi since May 19 earlier this year for which employees from other civic departments had been shifted to the octroi department.Initially, while around 52 engineers were among those shifted to the octroi department, some of them have now been called back to their original departments. With an aim to make the octroi recovery mechanism more effective, the NMC has now decided to outsource octroi data entry work, which includes handling and recording bills and receipts, by giving it to a private company that will deploy employees at octroi checkposts across the city. The outsourcing is estimated to cost NMC at Rs. 57 lakh a year.The proposal to outsource the taskk was tabled at the GBM on Thursday, but the meeting was adjourned after paying homage to prominent personalities, who had recently passed away.The proposal is to be tabled again at the next GBM. The NMC will invite tenders for the job once the proposal gets the GBM's approval. There are around nine octroi check posts across the city where octroi revenue is recovered. These locations include Mumbai naka, Peth naka, Ozar naka, Trimbak naka, Aurangabad naka, Pune naka, Dindori naka, Deolali naka and Gangapur naka.Earlier, octroi was being recovered by a private contractor. But the ruling party in the NMC, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), had cancelled the privatization of octroi recovery and instead asked the NMC administration to collect it.Accordingly, the NMC administration started recovering octroi from May 19. Since, then, the NMC administration has recovered the octroi amounting to Rs 330 crore so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163710", "title": "Politicians force Nagpur University to defer exams for accommodating 'illegal' students", "text": "NAGPUR: The huge controversy over Nagpur University's decision to postpone engineering examinations is getting murkier with each passing day. Highly placed sources confirmed to TOI that a couple of high-profile politicians, who are associated with some engineering colleges, had allegedly pressurized the NU administration to postpone exam in order to appease hundreds of illegally admitted students in various MTech/ME courses. The college managements led by these politicians are afraid of losing money, to the tune of crores, taken from such students in the name of fees and huge donations.Though PRO Prashant Mohite was not available for comments, sources confirmed that it was precisely the reason why vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal decided to defer the examinations even after pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie and controller of examinations Vilas Ramteke were strongly against it. Even senior member Baban Taywade and registrar were also against this move, but VC was deaf to their desent.Sources added that these colleges are already reeling from financial crunch due to large number of vacant seats in BE courses. Also PG students, who were illegally admitted by these colleges even before getting affiliation from NU, would have created problems if they were unable to appear for the examinations. It has been learnt that the college managements also tried to get the Higher and Technical Education department to influence the NU administration to postpone the exams.Surprisingly, none of the Academic Council members opposed the decision to grant affiliation for the MTech courses in these colleges during the emergent meet even though the issue was not in the agenda of the emergent meet. They didn't oppose the approval of the syllabus and scheme of the MTech (Computer Aided Design Manufacture and Automation) course, also not in the agenda, at the meet. Sources stated that this course is being conducted in about 10 colleges and they had already admitted students, although illegally, in July itself. Fees ranging from Rs 1 lakh onwards along with donations were charged from the students.Apprehending a backlash from Management Council members on this issue, Sapkal did not even convene their emergent meeting and approved its recommendations under special powers vested with him under Section 14(7) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, sources claimed.Pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie again refused to comment on the issue but stated that they plan to completely reform the revaluation system and it will be placed before NU Board of Examinations (BoE) so that it could be implemented from 2013-14 academic session. \"In the new system, the revaluation results will be declared in 45 days as against the three month period in present circumstances. These problems will not crop up then,\"he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17165569", "title": "Recreational use of marijuana: Always a way of life in our country", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Vedas refer to cannabis as one of the five sacred plants Referred to as a source of happiness, a joy-giver, a liberator Compassionately given to humans to help attain delight, lose fear Shiva associated with cannabis, also referred to as bhang in India.One legend says | Shiva wandered into the fields after a family tiff. Drained, he fell asleep under a leafy plant. After waking up, he sampled the plant's leaves. Rejuvenated, he made it his favorite food.In the middle ages | Soldiers often drank bhang before entering battle, just as Westerners took a swig of whisky.Traditional Indian use | Often taken as a drink. Nuts, spices and sugar combined with cannabis and boiled with milk. Yogurt also used instead of milk Bhang rolled &amp; eaten in small balls Other cannabis preparations in India include ganja and charas.During the Raj | The British found the use of cannabis extensive They commissioned a study in the late 1890s It concluded suppressing herbal cannabis use would be unjustifiable. It said: Its use is ancient, has religious sanction among Hindus, harmless in moderation Less harmful than alcoholIn the 20th &amp; 21st centuries | Continues to be available in India In the mid-1950s, govt concluded workers use bhang to feel refreshed at the end of the day Hindus continue to use bhang for religious purposes.Also read: The joint campaign: Should we not legalize recreational use of Cannabis? Mankind and grass go back 5,000 years  Hope for dope: Alcoholics face a greater risk than marijuana users, doctors insist  Recreational use of marijuana: Of highs and laws", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17162815", "title": "Germany to use education to enhance ties with India", "text": "PANAJI: Germany is looking forward to enhance cooperation with India in the field of education, Michael Siebert, German consul general in Mumbai, told mediapersons in Panaji on Friday.Siebert said Germany is keen to encourage Indian students to study in Germany. He said efforts were ongoing to further the academic relationship between the two countries through faculty and student exchange programmes.Siebert said that education in Germany was free and this was an added incentive for those wishing to pursue an education abroad. He said 6,000 Indians go to Germany annually to pursue higher studies.Anja Hallackar, director of the German academic exchange service, said Indian students were primarily opting for science and engineering courses. She said students had the option of working in Germany after completing their studies.Siebert said Germany was India's largest European trading partner with trade worth over 20 billion euros and the economic exchange between the two countries was growing. He also said German companies such as Siemens, Bosch, Netzsch and other pharmaceutical firms which have set up manufacturing units in some of the industrial estates were the biggest foreign investors in Goa.Dean Menezes, honorary consul for Goa, said the German companies in the state were employing over 2,000 persons. He estimated the German investment in the state to be over 1,500 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17165737", "title": "Bangalore doctors, staff get dengue-like fever", "text": "BANGALORE: Dengue is getting more real by the day. More than 15 consultants, doctors, nurses and other staffers of Manipal Hospital, Old Airport Road, are down with suspected dengue.Hospital's medical director H Sudarshan Ballal confirmed this: \"We have seen a 10-fold increase in dengue-like fever cases since April. So far, 21 patients have died of dengue-like fever. Our hospital staff living in Domlur, Old Airport Road and Koramangala have been affected.\"Dengue is not contagious. It is caused through the bite of the aedes aegypti mosquito that breeds in fresh water. It's not just slum-dwellers and those living in unhygienic surroundings who have close encounters with these mosquitoes; medical professionals living in posh areas are also suffering from dengue.The BBMP, too, has confirmed a sharp rise in the number of cases. \"This year, we've seen 961 cases of dengue,\" said Dr H Sanghamitra, medical officer (health - mosquito control), BBMP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17164166", "title": "Cases shoot up", "text": "BANGALORE: During the first nine days of November, BBMP reported 130 positive cases of dengue, as against 233 cases reported during all of October.Prominent hospitals in the city are reporting a steady flow of dengue-like cases. \"We've seen a steady flow of 2-3 patients every day. About 10 patients come in with low platelet count on a daily basis, but that need not be due to dengue alone. Since October 1, we've seen at least 30 cases,\" said Dr George D'Souza, chief of medical services, St John's Medical College and Hospital.Fortis Hospital, Bannerghatta Road, has seen a spike in dengue-like cases every week. \"We've got 150 cases with the symptoms since October 1,\" said Dr Sheela Chakravarthy, consultant physician, Fortis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17164189", "title": "No end to 'quotation' gang menace", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Even though 'quotation' gangs are on the rampage in the district, especially in Kayamkulam area, police remain unshaken.They still have not been able to make any arrest in the case in which a 35-year-old businessman was brutally hacked in front of his mother, wife and child by a four-member gang in Kayamkulam late on Wednesday night.According the district crime records bureau (DCRB): \"Two people suffered serious injuries after they were brutally hacked by 'quotation' gangs this year in the district. Last year, in September, a gang leader, Kiliyachan, was killed by a rival near Thiruvizha within Mararikkulam police station limits. On March 14 this year, a gang kidnapped and hacked Sajeer (32), a native of Alappuzha town. This AIYF activist was kidnapped by a 10-member gang, which had arrived in two cars, from his room. In Kayamkulam, five people have been killed by 'quotation' gangs in the last six years.\"DCRB DySP Jayanchandran Nair said the district witnessed 16 murder cases this year.\"In 2011, there were 22 murder cases; 27 people were killed in 2010. We do not have a register for keeping the details of murders committed by 'quotation' gangs. However, the district has witnessed many murder cases involving such gangs in the last three years,\" he said.Huzur sheristadar of the collectorate, A Abubacker, said that recently collector P Venugopal, who is also the district magistrate, returned five reports submitted by police chief K G James under the Kerala Anti-Social Activities (Prevention) Act (KAAPA) after he had detected discrepancies in them.\"When a goon creates law and order problem, he will be kept in prison by the collector based on the SP's report. However, recently five reports submitted by police had many discrepancies in them. Such discrepancies will help a goon get bail when he approaches the court. So the collector returned the files,\" said Abubacker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17165603", "title": "Special trains to run on Diwali between Habibganj and Hazrat Nizamuddin", "text": "BHOPAL: Good news for passengers travelling this Diwali. West Central Railway has announced special trains between Habibganj and Hazrat Nizamuddin on November 11.The special train no 01655 would leave Habibganj on November 11 at 5.45am and reach Nizamuddin on the same day in the evening at 4.45pm. Similarly, train no 01656 would leave from Nizamuddin the same day at 5.50pm and reach Habibganj at 4.30am on November 12, a railway spokesperson said.The train would halt at Bhopal, Bina, Jhansi, Gwalior, Agra Cant and Mathura stations. The train would have 10 sleeper coaches, four general coaches and two LLR coaches.Another special train has been announced by the railways between Surat and Allahabad. This special train would run between November 9 and December 14.The special train no 09015 would leave Surat every Friday and Monday at 10.45 pm and reach Allahabad the next Sunday and Wednesday respectively at 4.30 am. Similarly train no 09016 would leave Allahabad every Sunday and Wednesday at 5.45 am and reach Surat the next Tuesday and Thursday respectively at 5.55 am.This train would halt at Khandwa, Itarsi, Pipariya, Narsinghpur, Jabalpur, Katni, Maihar and Satna in MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17162455", "title": "Whistleblower withdraws plea to quit service", "text": "NASHIK: Vijay Pandhare, chief engineer with the Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute (MERI), who blew the lid off a scam in Maharashtra's irrigation projects, unconditionally withdrew his application to take voluntary retirement on Friday.On Wednesday, members of the state government's gazetted officers' association met Pandhare after which the whistle-blower reportedly took the decision.\"We had a long discussion on my decision to retire. I was overwhelmed by the support extended to me and that made me change my mind. I have today (Friday)sought the withdrawal of my voluntary retirement application, which I had sent to the state government on October 31,\" Pandhare told TOI.Pandhare has two and a half years left for retirement, \"I have nothing to barter with anybody. Putting in papers was my own decision and so is the withdrawal of the papers,\" he said.Pandhare, who was in the spotlight after he wrote to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and top bureaucrats alleging that a staggering Rs 35,000 crore was siphoned off and wasted on dud irrigation projects in the past decade, said he would continue to do his duty \"in the same manner in which I have been doing till now\". There is no question of me deviating from my views.\"According to Pandhare, more officials were eager to expose the corrupt practices prevalent in the system, it was necessary to divest the ministers with the power to transfer officials.\"In Wednesday's meeting, with them (office-bearers of the gazetted officers' association) as well as other officials, I had put forth the idea of divesting ministers of the right to transfer officials,\" he said.\"I have even appealed to them that it is the right time to agitate and bring in the changes,\" Pandhare added.Tender estimates of the state's irrigation projects are sent to the MERI for scrutiny, which makes Pandhare's assignment at the agency crucial. Early this year, Pandhare, who is a member of the state-level technical advisory committee, wrote a stinging 15-pagenote to the state government blaming the politician-bureaucrat-contractor nexus for the scam. \"An investigation into the functioning of all the state irrigation corporations would easily reveal irregularities amounting to Rs 20,000 crore in the past 15 years,\" he said.\"Irregularities in lift irrigation schemes would prove that Rs 15,000 crore was totally wasted,\" Pandhare added.His letter stated, \"Officials and politicians are aware of the facts. But in order to float major tenders and get a big cut from them, huge cost estimates for these projects were prepared.\"Pandhare's letter confirms a series of exposes by this newspaper on large-scale corruption and nepotism in irrigation projects in Maharashtra. In fact, it claimed that the misappropriation started during the Shiv Sena-BJP rule when the alliance established the Krishna Valley Development Corporation. \"There have been thousands of lift irrigation schemes in Maharashtra but 99% are non-functional. In fact, water has never passed through 90% of the schemes,\" said the note, adding that they were formulated to fill the pockets of politicians and contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164742", "title": "Two held, 11 stolen motorcycles recovered", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch on Friday seized 11 stolen motorcycles worth Rs 5.25 lakh following the arrest of two youths from Dapodi.Assistant commissioner of police (crime) Shahaji Solunke said constable Arjun Bhambure had received a tip-off that two youths from Dapodi were involved in motorcycle theft in Pimpri-Chinchwad. \"We laid a trap and nabbed the duo,\" Solunke said.A crime branch (unit-IV) team led by inspector Arun Walture arrested Prakash Kachi (21) and Shailesh Ubale (25).During interrogation the duo admitted to their involvement in 11 vehicle thefts in Pimpri-Chinchwad, Walture said. \"They would break the handle locks or cut the ignition wires to steal the vehicles. They would change the number plates and use the motorcycles for a few days. Later, they would sell off the motorcycles,\" Walture said.He said the duo had stolen motorcycles from Bhosari, Chinchwad and Sangvi. \"People whose motorcycles were stolen from these areas can come and check their vehicles at the office of the crime branch (unit-IV) at Range Hills in Khadki,\" Walture said.The investigation team comprised assistant inspector Dilip Chavan and constables Akil Shaikh, Ashok Atole, Sambhaji Wagh, Mohan Dongre and Umesh Shirke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17165383", "title": "20,000-yr-old skeleton of a mammoth found in Paris", "text": "LONDON: A perfectly preserved skeleton of a 9-feet-tall woolly mammoth which lived at least 20,000 years ago has been discovered near Paris in France.Described as one of the greatest archaeological finds of the 21st Century, the mammoth was found next to two flint blades \u00e2\u20ac\u201d suggesting Neanderthal hunters would have been cutting it up for meat after hunting the creature down.The mammoth nicknamed Helmut would have been around 30 years old when it died, making it a relatively young adult. The incredible discovery saw the bones and tusks of the prehistoric animal dug up by archaeologists at Changis-Sur-Marne, on the banks of the Marne River.It would have been around 9-feet-tall, with even longer tusks, and roamed the countryside before the French capital had even been thought of, the 'Daily Mail' reported. Mammoths are thought to have disappeared because of the combined effects of climate change, contagious diseases and human hunting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17165766", "title": "Lokayukta raids corporator, nets assets worth Rs 14 crore", "text": "BANGALORE: A Lokayuta police raid on four premises of a woman corporator unearthed assets worth over Rs 14 crore. Gowramma Govindaraju, corporator of Azadnagar (ward No 141), was found to have immovable properties worth Rs 13 crore and movable assets amounting to over Rs 1.5 crore. Even her driver had over six acres of land in his name.Additional director general of police (Lokayukta) HNS Rao, said: \"We found that her close associate and driver, Yamaiah, had invested in 3.2 acres of converted residential land set apart for housing sites in Survey No 83 of Kumbalgod Gollahalli and another three acres of converted land in survey No 75 in the same village.\"Lokayukta sources stated Gowramma is also believed to have invested in nearly 100 acres of land in Mysore. \"We are checking her official declarations on her assets and liabilities which are mandatory for every elected representative. We will know how much she hid from us when she filed her annual declaration,\" an officer investigating the case said.Rao told TOI that her three-storied buildings were worth Rs 2.21 crore, while buildings, one each in Nanjamba Agrahara, Ramachandra Agrahara and Weavers' Colony, were worth over Rs 7.76 crore.\"She had lands of various dimensions in Bangalore Rural and Mysore worth over Rs 2.95 crore,\" he added.Lokayukta police have registered a case under Section 13(1) (e) read with 13 (2) of Prevention of Corruption of Act against her.THE MEGA HAULThree sites in Chamarajpet: Rs 2.21 cr A building each in Nanjamba Agrahara, Ramachandra Agrahara and Weavers' Colony: Rs 7.76 crore Lands at 16 places in Bangalore Rural and Mysore districts: Rs 2.95 crore Two plots totalling 6 acres and 20 guntas at Kumbalgodu Gollahalli in driver's name: Rs 87 lakh 3.5 kg gold: Rs 48.61 lakh 21 kg silver: Rs 5.27 lakh Cash: Rs 3.83 lakh Household items: Rs 7.25 lakh Two Maruti Suzuki Swift and Hyundai i20 cars: Rs 21 lakh Seven SB accounts in her and husband's name: Rs 1.18 lakh Total worth of assets: Rs 14.67 crore'We've always been rich'When TOI called Azadnagar corporator Gowramma on her cell phone, her husband, C Govind Raju, responded. Blaming political rivalries for the Lokayukta raid, he said: \"My wife will not speak. I will speak on her behalf . Six months ago, I used to get threatening calls from someone called Hussain who kept demanding money, failing which he said he would complain against my wife to the Lokayukta. But I ignored them.\" He said they had bought gold for their daughter's wedding, slated on November 25. \"That apart, the rest of our asset details have been submitted to BBMP long ago and they were not accumulated after she became corporator. I have been in the real estate business for 20 years now and we have always been rich,\" Govindaraju told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164389", "title": "'Person holding a constitutional post should be more law abiding'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Expressing serious concern on the conduct of the Lucknow Police in protecting Samajwadi Party MLA Ravidas Mehrotra, chief judicial magistrate Rajesh Upadhyay on Friday said that nobody is above law and a person holding constitutional post should be more law abiding. The judge directed the station house officer of Kaiserbagh police station to ensure attachment of Mehrotra's property, as he has been evading the court since 2003.The court had earlier declared Mehrotra a proclaimed offender and also directed the police on October 5, 2012 to attach his property.On Friday SHO Kaiserbagh, forwarded a report to the court that the police could not get time to comply with the court's order and that the case belongs to Hazratganj police station, the court should fix next date directing Hazratganj police for compliance of the said order.\"The case is very old. No body is above law, may it be a ruling party MLA. In fact, a person holding constitutional post should be more law abiding,\" said the court fixing December 10 as next date of hearing. Mehrotra is facing trial in connection with a FIR registered at Hazratganj police station on January 4, 1989 for committing unintentional murder of a nagar nigam employee, Ejaz Ali Khan. The SP MLA has not been appearing in the court since 2003, despite issuance of repeated non-bailable warrant and being declared a proclaimed offender.Even the order for attaching property is being openly flouted by the Lucknow Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163761", "title": "Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation officer suspended for graft", "text": "NAGPUR: Madan Mate, superintending engineer of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) has been finally suspended for accepting bribe. He had been trapped by Anti-corruption Bureau (ACB) a month ago. Principal secretary (water resources) E B Patil signed his suspension letter on Thursday.Mate, SE of Gosikhurd lift irrigation circle, Ambadi, was trapped by ACB while taking bribe from a contractor Awesh Khan Pathan in order to clear a tender of Rs 31, on October 7. A case was registered against him on October 10. During a raid a lot of unaccounted money and valuables was found at Mate's residence in Pratap Nagar.In 2011, VIDC had floated a tender for the construction of a minor canal under Mokhabardi lift irrigation scheme as part of the Gosikhurd project. Civil contractor Subhash Kasangottuwar's bid was the lowest, at 23% above the estimate. Executive engineer of Ambhora lift irrigation division sent the tender to Mate as it was on the higher side.Meanwhile, Kasangottuwar authorized Awesh Khan Pathan, to complete the formalities regarding the contract. Pathan is a contractor based in Nagbhid. Pathan went to meet Mate on Kasangottuwar's behalf, to get the tender approved. But the SE told him that he wanted Rs1.50 lakh to approve it. Pathan told Mate that he could not pay such a big amount and asked the officer to reduce the graft amount.Khan then lodged a complaint with ACB Nagpur. ACB then laid a trap for Mate. Telephonic conversations between Mate and Pathan were recorded by ACB and on this basis Mate was booked under Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17165040", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcOnly talent matters\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On his visit to the city, Panjab University alumnus and actor Ayushmann Khurrana charmed one and all.\"My story as a struggler in Mumbai is a boring one as I had all comforts. But, after working as a radio jockey in Mumbai and being actively involved in theatre here, I realized that talent is what really matters,\" says Ayushmann.A versatile face on TV and in film industry now, Ayushmann narrates how he misses the \"orderly life in Chandigarh\".\"Mumbai is chaotic and Chandigarh, an ideal city for those in Bollywood,\" he says, adding, \"I think I am a south Indian trapped in a north Indian's body.\"Surrounded by fans, some of who knew just about everything in his life, he had an informal interaction with students of SCS and eventually, played the guitar for them and was greeted with cheers and hoots as he recited his poem \"Hawa\".During his interaction with the students, Ayushmann said there is a dearth of \"intelligent talent\" in the entertainment industry.He recalled, \"I was the captain of co-curricular activities at St Johns High School and my school teachers made me sing in the staff room.\" Ayushmann later went to DAV College and started the theatre group Aaghaz.\"Most of my time in PU was spent at the English hut 14m, the canteen of the department,\" said the actor who shot to fame with his debut film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17165122", "title": "Pakistan allows mobile phone services with India", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Authorities have agreed to allow mobile phone services between Pakistan and India though certain issues remain to be settled, a Pakistani parliamentary panel has been informed by officials.The standing committee on commerce of the National Assembly or lower house of parliament was told by officials of the ministry of information technology on Thursday about the move to allow mobile phone services between the two countries.The panel expressed displeasure at the lack of modern communication facilities between the two sides.Commerce secretary Munir Qureshi said the \"main hitch is technical linkages between the telecom companies of India and Pakistan as they too have to get approvals from parent companies or their boards\".Several members of the parliamentary committee said security concerns in both countries too were an obvious issue.The Dawn newspaper quoted lawmaker Sheeren Arshad Khan as saying, \"I have a sales outlet in Amritsar but one of the most serious problems is that we only have landline between India and Pakistan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163802", "title": "VAT could lead litigation between builder and buyer", "text": "NAGPUR: With the high court recently dismissing petitions seeking to stay the state government's order to levy Value Added Tax (VAT) on under-construction properties, builders are now planning to send their customers notices to cough up the extra amount.The tax is now applicable from 2006, but in many cases the properties were sold without VAT being charged. Now as the builders have to meet their liability towards the taxman, they will be knocking their buyers' doors to raise the amount. VAT, being an indirect tax, will be passed on to the consumer.Most of the transactions were done without passing on the VAT liability to the buyer but now the amount will have to be recovered from them. \"The builders are also apprehensive that buyers may be reluctant to shell out the amount. It could lead to litigations,\" said Sunil Duddalwar, the president of the Nagpur branch of Confederation of Real Estate Developers of India.VAT is applicable to all types of properties but those having brought homes may especially find it difficult to now shell out the tax amount. \"Buyers in this class mainly depend on loans often stretching their means to the optimum limit,\" said Tejinder Singh Renu, secretary of the Vidarbha Taxpayers Association and also a builder.The average ticket size of the flats in West Nagpur ranges from Rs 50 lakh to Rs 1 crore. \"With the average rate of VAT estimated at 3%, a buyer will have to shell out another Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 3 lakh for the property purchased after June 2006 from when the tax has been made applicable,\" added Renu.The mid-priced flats coming up in the outskirts range from Rs 20 to 45 for which VAT comes to around Rs 60,000 to Rs 1.3 lakh. \"The amount is considerable indeed for the class of buyers going for homes in these areas,\" said Renu.It is a peculiar situation as the order to levy VAT issued on 2006 is itself being heard in the Supreme Court after being challenged, and governments of Maharashtra and Karnataka are respondents. The state government in 2010 came up with an order to collect the tax which would be repaid with interest if the case was lost in apex court. \"This order too was challenged through various petitions in the high court, which have been now turned down,\" said Renu.There are chances that buyers may deny paying the tax citing the grounds that the case is still pending in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17165542", "title": "Governor inaugurates CBSE Cluster XI at IPS", "text": "BHOPAL: The CBSE Cluster Xl (under-19, boys) 2012, hosted by International Public School from November 8 to November 11 was inaugurated by the governor of MP Ram Naresh Yadav. In this gala event 66 teams from Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh comprising 1248 students will be participating. Deputy director of sports, CBSE Pushkar Vohra also attended the function. The chairman of the schools, Ashok Nanda and the principal P S Kalra welcomed all the distinguished guests.Bal Bhavan School: Primary section of Bal Bhavan School celebrated the annual day on November 8 will pomp and show. Following the old tradition of the school, parents of head boy and girl were called as special guests. Students welcomed the guests with a melodious song.Sagar Public School: Sagar Public School, Saket Nagar won the 1st Bank Officers cup football tournament, which was held at Bank Officer's Higher Secondary School from November 6-8. The final match was played between Sagar Public School and Bank Officer's Public School. The chief guest for the final match was Aruneshwar Singh Deo.Under the guidance of sports teacher and coach Syed Faisal Hussain, SPS won the match by 5-3. Achal Raj Mishra, Tanish Gurgaj, and Harsh Shrivastava from SPS scored 3, 1 and 1 goals respectively.Chairman of the Sagar Group Sudhir Kumar Agrawal, principal Dr Jaishree Kanwar, director (HRD) K K Dubey and manager admin and HR Vijay Bahadur Singh Tomar congratulated the winners.Maharishi Vidya Mandir: NHDC, a joint venture of NHPC and Govt of M.P. organized an inter-school painting competition under the National Campaign on Energy Conservation 2012 - 13.The budding artist of Maharishi Vidya Mandir Ratanpur, Kritika Dwivedi of Class VI has been selected for state level which was held on Friday at NITTTR, Shyamla Hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163723", "title": "UK creative writing course now in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Write anything in just about 2,000 words, and get chosen for the first-ever creative writing course by UK's University of East Anglia (UEA), here in Kolkata. The most talented of the class of 2013 would qualify to study MA at UEA.\"Go for it,\" said author Amit Chaudhuri, who leads the eight-day workshop, starting March 25, along with novelist Romesh Gunesekara, at the ICCR, Kolkata. \"Let me tell those who wish to develop their skills as writers of fiction that they shouldn't feel under confident or anxious while applying,\" he said while announcing the UEA collaboration with Oxford Bookstores and British Council on Friday.Conceding that \"you can't teach creative writing, you can teach somebody who already writes,\" Chaudhuri added, \"These shorter workshops that nurture creative writing are not meant to turn people into writers but turn them into more conscious writers. We shall get the participants in touch with publishers, though.\"January 30 is the deadline for those who are interested to apply for the prose-fiction course. Twenty-four students (age no bar) will be selected and the course fees have been pegged at Rs 25,000, excluding accommodation. For those who can't afford, a limited number of bursaries are on offer as well.Chaudhuri, who teaches contemporary literature at UEA, said, \"The university runs the best-known creative writing programme in the UK and it's one of the most highly regarded in the world. This is the first time we have taken the programme abroad - Kolkata, a city with a historic cultural legacy.\"The shorter curriculum, a brainchild of Jon Cook, director of creative and performing arts at UEA, had been carved out of the mother course at UEA. The prestigious creative writing MA at UEA was the first of its kind in the UK when founded by Malcolm Badbury and Angus Wilson in 1970.\"I guess this workshop would be more stimulating than the one-year MA course in creative writing. The concise, craft-based course will be all the more intense with a lot of creative conversations flowing between us and those who bringing their creative enthusiasm,\" said Chaudhuri.Depending on the success of the course, in which they are expecting students from all over India as well as South-Asian countries, workshops could be held on non-fiction prose, poetry, scriptwriting the following years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163074", "title": "Janata durbars soon by Congress ministers", "text": "NAGPUR: They may still be the ruling partners but the competition between the Congress and the NCP to outdo each other and to increase its presence is at the peak now. NCP leader Ajit Pawar recently attracted a very good response to a janata durbar he organized though he is no longer deputy chief minister.Even before his resignation he had put his party ministers on leash, instructing them to tour each and every district in the state and hold review meetings of officials and highlight it at the party forum. A couple of months ago, a number of NCP ministers visited the city under the plan.Taking a cue from it, the state Congress party wanted to counter it by holding a grand janata durbar of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in the city on September 14. That could not materialize because of some political developments. Now the MPCC is reviving the plan by foist holding durbars of important ministers to be followed by that of the CM to resolve pending issues of people of the region.City Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta told TOI that revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat is likely to hold a public hearing this month-end. Before that, minister of state for finance and planning Rajendra Mulak may hold a durbar to hear out public grievances. In the first week of next month, industry minister Narayan Rane has agreed to be in the city to hold a durbar. Gupta was hopeful that once these ministers tackle the issues, the pending and major ones could be left to the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17164119", "title": "Karnataka Janata Party may join hands with Congress", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) is positioning itself as an ally of the Congress, which it claims will emerge as the single-largest party, to form the government after the 2013 assembly elections.It's also perhaps the reason why Yeddyurappa has been praising AICC president Sonia Gandhi as a leader who backs her partymen even during their bad times.After taking charge as KJP's interim president V Dhananjaya Kumar told TOI here on Friday that his party under Yeddyurappa's leadership would win 50 seats. \"The Congress will win more or the same number of seats it has now (71), the BJP will bag 30 and the JD(S) 40. The Congress will not go with the JD(S) in the next elections and therefore KJP will ally with it,'' he said.According to Kumar, once the former CM severs ties with the RSS, a sizeable number of 30%-40% minority votes would shift in his favour. Besides, Lingayats have always voted for a leader, not for a party, he said.Early next month, Yeddyurappa is expected to take over the reins of the KJP at a rally in Haveri. He's said to have asked loyalist ministers and legislators not to quit the BJP till the assembly polls dates are announced, which could be in February.One reason for the Yeddyurappa camp not bringing down the Shettar government is said to be the likelihood of President 's rule imposition. KJP office-bearers were appointed with former minister KH Srinivas as one of four vice-presidents and sitting legislator M D Lakshminarayana as general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17165460", "title": "Haryana take the fight to England", "text": "AHMEDABAD: England's four-dayer against Haryana at the Motera B ground was supposed to be their last and serious practice encounter before the series starts on November 15.But having been denied an ideal track and an ideal opposition, England resorted to some serious batting practice at the adjacent Gujarat Cricket Academy ground instead under the watchful eye of batting coach Graham Gooch.Kevin Pietersen, who scored a hundred on Thursday, was one of the first few members who went for practice. In the match, however, Haryana more than held their own, being 172/4 at stumps on Day 2 in reply to England's 521 at the stroke of lunch. Starting at their overnight score of 408/3, England added just 113 runs for the remaining six wickets. If England were looking for decent practice against spin, it didn't go too well: Jayant Yadav and Amit Mishra polished off the lower middle-order and tail within the first two hours of play.Having lost eight wickets to the spinners in the practice match - four to a rookie off-spinner Yadav and four to former India international leg-spinner Mishra - the England think tank's choice of net bowlers at the Academy ground seemed obvious.There was more headache in store for England as Rahul Dewan and Sunny Singh showed up Monty Panesar and Samit Patel.Brief Scores: Haryana 172/4 (Dewan 77*, Singh 55) trail England XI 521 (Pietersen 110, Cook 97, Compton 74, Bell 62, Patel 67) by 349 runs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167482", "title": "Music maniacs enjoy the party", "text": "Party people in the city got a taste of some great music recently when they headed to this rooftop hotspot overlooking the city and checked out Dualist Inquiry in action.Great visuals added to the entire ambience. We spotted Parto looking stylish in a short number, while Priyanka looked stunning in her black outfit. TOI also caught a glimpse of Param hanging out with Kabir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17165676", "title": "Six held in Ranchi for robbery", "text": "RANCHI: A group of six criminals, including two women dacoits were arrested in Ranchi on Friday. They used to wear dresses with spots on them to look like Maoists and conduct dacoities in Tantisilwai, Angara, Sikindari and Silli localities of the state capital. \"The dacoits have accepted their involvement in six cases,\" said SSP Saket Kumar Singh.They have been identified as Munni Kumari, Kamal Devi, Sunil Kachhap, Birsa Oraon, Rajendra Bodiya, and Jitaram Bodiya. The arrests were made by OC of Angara police station.A total of 13 people constituted the group including three women. \"Search for the woman and seven other dacoits is on,\" police said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164665", "title": "TV digitization gets time till November 19", "text": "CHENNAI: The deadline for complete digitization of cable TV in Chennai has been extended again by the Madras high court, this time till November 19.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, before whom the batch of writ petitions filed by the cable television operators' federation and multi-system operators came up for hearing on Friday, said since the matter involved a larger public interest it should be heard by a division bench.During the hearing on Friday, P S Raman, senior counsel for Sun TV Network, said the media conglomerate had more than 2 lakh set-top boxes (STBs) in its possession, and it would require only 20 days to start distribution if the MSOs placed their orders.Rejecting the claim that the deadline be extended due to shortage of availability of STBs in the city, Raman said for the past four months no cable operator had approached the Sun group for supply of STBs.Senior central government standing counsel S Haja Mohideen Gisthi said the Centre was prepared to extend the last date up to December 31 if an undertaking was given by the state government that it would implement digital access system (DAS) in Chennai within a time frame. He also furnished a copy of a letter written by the Union ministry of information and broadcasting to counsel.Though the DAS regime has come into force in the other three metros -- Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata -- from November 1, in Chennai the deadline was extended by the high court initially up to November 5 and then up to November 9, and now till November 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17165134", "title": "Pakistan allows mobile phone services with India", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17163847", "title": "Number plates pendency leads to delay in vehicle registrations", "text": "BHOPAL: Pendency in the installation of high security number plates (HSNP) has resulted in a huge backlog of registration certificates (RC) of vehicles. There is almost a two-month waiting for the HSNP in vehicles.According to official sources, around 12,000 RC of vehicles has got stuck due to the high pendency and slow process of HSPN at the regional transport office (RTO).As per the new rules, once a vehicle owner applies for HSNP, three copies of the order are issued with the authority letter. One letter is issued to the owner for HSNP, one is for the registration and the third is for official record.Sources add that RCs are not being issued unless the installation of HSNP is complete. Due to lack of staff and proper management the installation process has gone for a toss.The companies entrusted with the HSNP and RCs are blaming each other for the high pendency.Under condition of anonymity, officials with HSNP say that due to software malfunctioning, the authority letter for the number plates couldn't be issued and hence there was a delay. Also the company incharge of RC is the reason for the delay.On the other hand, 'smart chip' the company dealing with RCs claims that there is no pendency in RCs. Officials say, \"Number plates are not ready. That's why RC are not being issued.\"Owners are also complaining about not receiving their RCs. RTO sources say that everyday around 150 complaints are being received at the office because of this. Sources add that there is also lack of coordination between the two companies issuing HSNP and RCs and that is the crux of the problem.RTO M L Soni says, \"Due to pendency in number plates, there is a delay in the printing of the RCs. Both the companies have been instructed to expedite the HSNP and RC processes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17162830", "title": "Impersonator cheats senior citizen, walks away with cash", "text": "PANAJI: Snehal Oka, 70, a resident of Dona Paula, on Friday filed a complaint of cheating and theft against a person who allegedly stole her cheque and used it to withdraw 43,500.Oka told Panaji police that on November 8, at around 10.30am, a man introducing himself as Praveen Bhoir appeared at her door claiming to be a personnel of Reliance Communications Ltd .She said he told her of a scheme specially for senior citizens where a set box with internet facility would be provided on the issuance of two cheques ( 99 and 145) in the name of Reliance Communications Ltd.When Oka gave the cheques to the accused, he claimed they had been written wrongly and taking the book from her allegedly stole a cheque from it.This cheque was later used by the accused to withdraw 43,500 from the SBI branch in Dona Paula, Oka has stated in her complaint.A case of cheating, theft and criminal trespass has been registered. PSI B Z Pawar is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17168125", "title": "I don't make music for money: Sophie", "text": "Model, actor, VJ and singer Sophie Choudry recently released her latest single Hungama Ho Gaya. Sophie, After working in movies like Pyar Ke Side Effects, Heyy Babyy and Kidap and various other music videos, is set to rock the music world with this single which she says is a never like before kind of video.Talking about the song Sophie says, \" Hungama Ho Gaya was born out of frustration that 'pop videos' are not seen and the songs hardly heard. My friends Vishal-Shekhar suggested I do this song. I teamed up with producer John Stewart and although we retained the essence of the original, the melody, arrangement and lyrics all have new elements to them.\" She adds, \"The video had to create a hungama and that's why it's my hottest, raunchiest most glamorous one. Suddenly everyone from the industry and people at large have sat up and gone 'Wow.' I'm enjoying the hungama for now but I cant wait to bring out another song and hopefully it'll be a very cool collabortaion.\"In times when singles and non-film music has very little takers, Sophie's can be seen as a brave effort. \"When I make a song, making money from music sales is not my priority. It's about having new material for myself, for my fans and above all for my stage shows,\" says Sophie adding, \"Music only gets popular if it's seen and heard. We are bombarded with film songs on every single TV and radio channel. Non-film doesn't get the same treatment, nor can it compete with those promotional budgets. Digital is great but we need to admit that the majority of India still watches TV.\"She feels the reason why non-film music is not flourishing is because TV and radio don't support it. \"I think the last year or so has seen a bit of a comeback in the non-film genre. Pop, rock or folk, people are bringing out all kinds of music, it's just that TV and radio doesn't support them much and hence everyone is trying to use the digital platform,\" says Sophie adding, \"I miss the days of seeing pop videos from Euphoria, Lucky Ali , Shaan and my own videos on air and a lot of the audience misses it too. It's all about supply and demand. If the people demand it, channels will play it and pop artists can make more albums, songs, videos.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163479", "title": "Disaster looms as sewage continues to flow into Gorewada", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) are least bothered about sewage water flowing into Gorewada lake, the major drinking water source of the city. Work to prevent sewage from flowing into the lake is yet to start despite authorities having been alerted three months ago to the problem. Corporator Jagdish Gwalbanshi, who brought the issue to the fore, met the NMC and NIT officials and office bearers to remind them of seriousness of the issue.Gwalbanshi met chairman of NIT Praveen Darade and chairman of NMC's standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari on Wednesday and requested them to ensure diversion of sewage elsewhere. \"NMC and NIT officials and office bearers saw sewage flowing into Gorewada lake through Khadak nullah in August following my request. They assured to begin work for diverting the nullah but the work is yet to start. Besides, the quantum of sewage is increasing with new layouts and ever increasing population at Dhaba and adjoining areas,\" he said.Gwalbanshi added that Darade and Tiwari were very positive and again assured to begin the work soon. \"There seems to be delay on part of consultant assigned by the NIT to conduct survey and prepare a plan. Rs 9-10 crore may be required for the work. Darade and Tiwari assured there would be no problem of finance ,\" he said.Khadak nullah is a natural water stream that starts from the hillocks near Lava village. It used to carry rainwater into Gorewada passing near Dhaba village. Unauthorized constructions cropped up a couple of years ago in the area between Lava and Dhaba. NIT regularized the layouts and also sanctioned a few new ones. However, NIT or NMC did not construct any sewage system here and let the sewage flow into Khadak nullah.Around 420 million litres per day (MLD) water is lifted from Gorewada lake every day and supplied to city after treatment. However, NMC treatment plants are not meant for treating sewage. The only reason contamination has not caused a health crisis is comparative low quantum of sewage compared to total quantity of lake's water. However, the risk can never be ruled out if there is slightest glitch in treatment plant. Besides, sewage quantity is continuously increasing.Sources told TOI that the NIT had received the plan from consultant Dinesh Rathi a couple of days ago. \"NIT and NMC will now have to get funds approved and appoint agency for executing the work,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17164274", "title": "All Bodo Students' Union stages stir in New Delhi", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The All Bodo Students' Union (Absu) on Friday staged a three-hour sit-in demonstration at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi against unabated influx in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) area in Assam. They demanded detection and deportation of Bangladeshis. Representatives from Telengana also took part in the demonstration.Absu also organized a national seminar on \"Conflict in Bodoland, Issue of Influx and Land Alienation in Assam: Problems and Perspective\" on Thursday in New Delhi.In his seminar paper, former Assam governor Lt Gen SK Sinha said, \"After 1960, political parties encouraged influx to build a vote bank to win elections. Barbed fence was supposed to be erected as per the Assam Accord, 1985, but till date it has not been completed.\" He said successive governments, both at the Centre and state, ignored the issue of influx.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163724", "title": "Nagpur University directs engg colleges to submit students, teachers info by November 19", "text": "NAGPUR: Facing severe criticism for its failure to take action against erring colleges, Nagpur University administration has decided to finally act tough. It has asked all engineering colleges to furnish correct information on five counts before November 19. They have been asked to supply a list of all students and also those admitted provisionally. They also have to give information about the number of approved and contributory teachers. They also have to give the number of teachers who have reported for mandatory evaluation duty of the university before the deadline. Controller of examinations Vilas Ramteke confirmed the development, but refused to comment further.Other officials, however, added that the move was planned to expose the colleges which indulge in illegal activities like admitting ineligible students and starting courses even before getting affiliation from the university. \"These college then shift blame on NU and send the aggrieved students to the university in case of any problem. We are unnecessarily being made villains by these colleges for no fault of ours. Of course, there were several discrepancies in the evaluation of the answer-sheets, but even those were done by the evaluators from these colleges. They should be punished instead of blaming NU,\" an official added.Meanwhile, aggrieved students are planning to approach the court over \"deliberate\" undervaluation of their answer-sheets by the evaluators. Citing Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court's verdict, they demanded stringent action against the evaluators and also the NU officials. A delegation of students have written a letter to VC Vilas Sapkal warning him that they would file a contempt petition as NU had failed to take action against erring evaluators till date.What the HC had said in law student's case?The court, while passing strictures in Richa Inamdar versus NU case of 2010, had reminded NU that it is its duty to give students an assurance that their papers are being evaluated properly and wherever the university finds that there is gross discrepancy, it would be appropriate if it took action under Section 32(6)(a) of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994.\"We find that in the reassessment done by NU, the petitioner has received almost double marks than those she received earlier. This discrepancy is too wide to be ignored and in all probability is due to error in the first instance. The discrepancy in marks affect the career of students and also their morale,\" a division bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Mridula Bhatkar had stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163023", "title": "Pricey Diwali snacks leaving a bitter taste", "text": "NAGPUR: Indian festivals come with their own menus. So if puran poli is a must on holi, there are a variety of goodies that are the signature dishes of Diwali. But working women and young brides with deficient culinary skills have made it a norm now to buy this stuff ready-made from the neighbourhood auntie, whose lip smacking snacks have made her a household name.This year, however, rising prices of raw material, edible oil and most significantly the cooking gas are reflecting on the price tags of these festive goodies. Savoury items like sev, chiwda, shankarpara are selling for Rs 200 per kg. The sweetmeats like anarsa, karanji, boondi ladoo, rawa nariyal laddu, balushai are priced at Rs 300 per kg.\"Whatever maybe the rate, these things will continue to be procured on festivals, especially Diwali, as it is a tradition to serve all these to guests,\" says Mrinalini Munshi who has been preparing these snacks for the past 25 years and supplying to her clients. Anarsa is offered to the goddess during Laxmi pujan. So, however, high the rates they will continue to be made or purchased. \"We too can't help much as I use the best quality cooking oil and they are all home made in taste as well as quality,\" she says.But even those who provide their own material to get these snacks made are on an austerity drive. \"This year, cooking gas has become the major reason for cutting corners. People have reduced the quantity of items that take long to cook,\" says Nanda Rukhane, who prepares these items for a charge. Dismissing health concerns, she adds, \"On festivals, people usually indulge themselves. But this year it is the high cost of all food items that is bothering everyone.\"Gram flour or besan, the staple ingredient for many items, costs Rs 90 per kg. \"This has drastically cut down our margins,\" says Sunita Rohankar, who is busy packing stuff for her clients these days. \"Till last year, my customers were taking at least two kilograms each of sev and shankarpara as they are very popular with the children. This year we have raised the prices by Rs50 for every item so people have cut down the quantity,\" she informs.\"These traditional snacks are made only during Diwali and it is must to offer these to guests. Even those who work for us expect to get some of it as Diwali gift,\" says Rohini Patrikar lamenting the high prices. \"Our expenditure on snacks appears to be doubling this year. There is no other way out but to reduce quantity,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17164070", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission summons Raisen collector, SP", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) has censured the district administration on the incident of death of a farmer from Raisen during an agitation in May this year. The Commission has summoned Raisen collector, Mohan Lal Meena, superintendent of police, IP Kulshreshtha and four other officials to appear before its two-member bench on December 21.The commission observed that police fired 18 rounds of bullets from AK47 rifle and 5 rounds from 9 mm pistol on the famers leading to the death of the farmer ,Hari Singh in Bareli tehesil of Raisen.\"Stern action would be initiated against the officials if they fail to turn up before the commission on the given date\", said acting chairman of the commission justice AK Saxena.Commission observed that famers protest was mainly due to laxity of officials. Due to lack of gunny bags, the process of weighing and selling wheat was getting delayed, the commission observed.Without understanding the issue, administration kept on sending SMSs to famers for getting their agriculture produce at the grain markets. It resulted into a mess and agriculture produce got soggy, which latter sparked agitation by farmers.However, despite having the complete information of famers' problem and their scheduled protest on May 7, the administration did nothing to avert it. It rather used force and opened fire on famers, the commission observed.\"We have observed that this act of local administration there violated the human rights \", said the joint director (PR) Rohit Mehta.Indefinite curfew was clamped in Bareli town after the incident in which 42 people were injured in the police firing. The protest was organized by the Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS), affiliated to the ruling BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17164979", "title": "4 killed in accidents", "text": "MOHALI: Four persons, including a woman, were killed in different road accidents during the past 24 hours in mohali. Amit kaur, 35, died when the motorcycle she was riding on was hit by a speeding Innova. The condition of her husband is stated to be critical. Two other persons were killed when their motorcycle was hit by an unidentified car at Handesra road near Lalru, while Sudhir Singh of UP was killed in an accident near Zirakpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17165666", "title": "District administration inspects sweet shops", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The district administration has begun random inspection of sweet shops in the Steel City ahead of the festival of lights.On Thursday and Friday, the district food and drug department raided four prominent sweet shops in Bistupur and Sakchi and confiscated sweets, which will be sent to the laboratory for test. Results are likely by November 11.\"The lab test reports will be available in a fortnight's time and we'll decide the penal action depending on the reports,\" said district food inspector K P Singh.Sweets made of khowa were mostly confiscated by the inspection team following reports of stale khowa being used by the traders for making the sweets. The coloured sweets, which are made of chemicals and artificial colours, have also been seized.To make huge profit, local sweet makers use substandard products, leaving consumers vulnerable to ailments like food poisoning, stomach aches, vomiting and infections.\"Traders found guilty of violating Prevention of Food Adulteration Act of 2006 (revised in 2012) will face hefty fine ranging between Rs 50,000 and Rs 2.5 lakh,\" said a member of the team.Some small-time sweet makers often use toxic chemicals, like metanil yellow, lead nitrate, to make laddoo, gulabjamun and paneer.\"Tartrazine synthetic dye is permitted for use (to make laddoo) but owing to its high cost the small-time traders opt for less expensive chemical dyes particularly during festivals like Diwali, Durga Puja and Rakshabandan,\" said an owner of a leading sweet shop in Bistupur.Maintaining anonymity the trader also said sweet makers not only make use of toxic chemicals but also use adulterated ingredients like milk, ghee and mawa.During Durga Puja, the food and drug inspection team of the district had carried such surprise raids at restaurants in Mango, Sakchi, Pursudih and Bistupur and had confiscated adulterated food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164810", "title": "Youth, 70-yr-old killed in accidents", "text": "PUNE: Two people, one of them a 23-year-old youth, were killed in two separate accidents in the city on Thursday.Suresh Sadashiv Joglekar (70) of Vastu Udyog Colony in Pimpri, who was crossing the road, was knocked down by an unidentified truck early on Thursday morning. The truck driver drove off without stopping. The Pimpri police are investigating.In the other incident, a speeding car knocked down a 23-year-old motorcycle rider at Thergaon late on Thursday night. Two men in the car, Sandip Vishwakarma and Deepak Vishwakarma, got out of the car as they had sustained injuries. However, the car driver left them and fled from the spot. The Hinjewadi police have identified the deceased as Amol Bhausaheb Dalvi (23) of Gujarnagar, Thergaon. Sandip and Deepak have been admitted to a private hospital.The Hinjewadi police said that around 11.30pm, Dalvi and his friend Appa Vitekar were on their motorcycle waiting to cross the road at Thergaon. The car, which was heading towards Chinchwad, crashed into them. Dalvi was taken to a hospital nearby where he was declared dead on arrival by sustained severe injuries due to the impact. His friend Vitekar rushed him to a nearby hospital, where he was declared dead on arrival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17165782", "title": "Angry elephant tramples mahout to death", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A tusker trampled its mahout to death in a fit of rage here on Friday. Shankar, the 20-year-old tusker, was undergoing 'kunki' training, which involves using a trained elephant to tame a wild one. The victim, Dillip Rabha (52) from Assam , was engaged in training the animal at Kumarkhunti in Chandaka sanctuary since the past two years.At around 3.30 pm on Friday, when Shankar was being taken for a bath by Rabha, it suddenly became agitated and dragged the mahout from his back. The elephant became violent and trampled Rabha to death under its feet. After killing him, Shankar sat near the body of the mahout and did not allow anyone to come near it. A team from Nandankanan Zoo reached the spot and tranquilized the animal, sources said.\"Shankar had bouts of rage and he would sometimes become violent and uncontrollable. But on the day of the incident he was calm throughout the day and became violent all of a sudden and killed the mahout. It was purely an accident,\" said divisional forest officer (DFO) Siba Narayan Mahapatra.Shankar had attacked another mahout in September, who had a narrow escape. The tusker had earlier killed another person about two years ago in Telkoi in Keonjhar district. Following the incident the forest department had decided to include the animal in kunki training which began in 2010.\"Male hormone testosterone was found abnormally high in its blood samples tested in May. The elephant has been kept under medical supervision,\" said Mahapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17165174", "title": "Kabini water on tap trial a success", "text": "MYSORE: Kabini water will be supplied to 2.88 lakh residents of Mysore from December 1. In all, residents of 18 wards in the city will get Kabini water.With a majority of these residents switching over to supply from the Kabini, 187 borewells will go defunct by the month-end and save the MCC an enormous amount of power.District minister SA Ramdas on Friday reviewed the ambitious Kabini drinking water project and announced full-fledged operations from December 1. Some 90 per cent of the work is complete, save a booster pumping station and tank at Vijayanagar III and IV stages, and laying a pipeline at RT Nagar.The good news is, Mysore Urban Development Authority has agreed to allot land to set up a booster pumping station and tank, and to deposit Rs 1.8 crore to lay the pipeline. Days after Vani Vilas Water Works, the water supply arm of the MCC, started supplying Kabini water on a trial basis, the system was found to be on track. The trial run will be extended to 11 other wards over the next three weeks.\"We will supply Kabini water to 42,320 households from December 1,\" Ramdas told reporters after the review meeting. In the first stage, 60 million litres per day (MLD) will be pumped for supply. The capacity of the pipeline is 184 MLD. Three 450 HP pumps have been installed at the pumping station at Bidaragudu, of which two are being operated.According to Ramdas, the implementing agency has saved Rs 3.81 crore and revised the project cost to Rs 105 crore. Earlier, it was estimated to cost Rs 108.82 crore. He was sore with the MCC, which has to pay Rs 10.88 crore but has not met its financial commitment, even as corporators toured the facility and announced its soft launch on Wednesday.Without taking names, he said: \"MCC has not paid its share and we're taking it up with them,\" he said.Ramdas said to meet Mysoreans' demand, 24X7 water supply would be implemented in 10 wards from January 1. Pending works at the under-construction mini-Vidhana Soudha would be completed by December 15 and the public facility opened in the third week of December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17165524", "title": "Recreational use of marijuana: Of highs and laws", "text": "NEW DELHI: The referendum passed by two US states approving the recreational use of marijuana for adults is fraught with irony for India. Whether it can prevail over the stringent federal law or not, the referendum adopted by Colorado and Washington vindicates the reservations expressed by India 50 years ago to a global prohibition on hard as well as soft drugs.The 1961 \"single convention on narcotic drugs\" was the first ever international treaty to have clubbed cannabis (or marijuana) with hard drugs and imposed a blanket ban on their production and supply except for medicinal and research purposes. During the negotiations for the UN treaty signed in New York , a group of cannabis and opium producing countries, led by India, opposed its intolerance to the sociocultural use of organic drugs. They were however overwhelmed by the US and other western countries which espoused tight controls on the production of organic raw material and on illicit trafficking.The sharp divergences between the caucuses led by India and the US emanated from their contrasting domestic policies, particularly on cannabis. While most of the states in the US had banned all narcotic drugs by the '40s, India had a more pragmatic approach since its colonial days: its restrictions were focused on harder substances like opium. The Indian hemp drug commission appointed in 1893, far from finding it addictive, hailed cannabis for the \"mild euphoria\" and \"pleasant relaxation\" caused by it.The dominant view on cannabis in the UN deliberations leading to the 1961 treaty could not have been more different. However, in the compromises that followed to hammer out a consensus, the final draft of the treaty defined cannabis in such a manner that it left scope for India to carry on, for instance, with the tradition of bhang being consumed on a large scale on Holi. The treaty clarified that the cannabis forbidden by it was only \"the flowering or fruiting tops of the cannabis plant\" , specifically \"excluding the seeds and leaves when not accompanied by the tops\".In deference to the scale of traditional consumption in India, the 1961 treaty also gave it a reprieve of 25 years to clamp down on recreational drugs derived from the tops. It was towards the end of this exemption period that the Rajiv Gandhi government came up with a law in 1985 conforming to the 1961 treaty : the narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances Act (NDPS).Accordingly, NDPS replicated the loophole provided in the treaty's definition of cannabis, whereby its leaves and seeds have been spared the stigma of contraband. Besides, NDPS specified that cannabis meant charas (the resin extracted from the plant), ganja (the flowering or fruiting tops of the plant) and any mixture or drink prepared from either of the two permitted forms of marijuana. Thus, NDPS allows people to smoke pot or drink bhang so long as they can prove that they had consumed only the leaves and seeds of the cannabis plant.Conversely, since marijuana grows wild across the country as a hardy weed, it is difficult for the Narcotic Control Bureau, set up under NDPS, or the local police to check people from imbibing the forbidden tops. The vagueness of the provision on marijuana is the closest India has been able to come to acknowledging what Colorado and Washington are now seeking to achieve through their referendum: recreational use of the weed.The obligation to toe the USsponsored treaty did not however stop India from distinguishing marijuana from hard drugs when it came to prescribing penalties. Consistent with its scheme of determining the punishment according to the potency of the drug, NDPS prescribes a maximum sentence of six months for somebody found in possession of ganja up to one kilogram. In the case of a hard drug such as cocaine, the offender can get the same six-month sentence even for possessing two grams of it.Also read: The joint campaign: Should we not legalize recreational use of Cannabis? Hope for dope: Alcoholics face a greater risk than marijuana users, doctors insist Mankind and grass go back 5,000 years  Recreational use of marijuana: Always a way of life in our country", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17162907", "title": "COAI told to explain why Rajasthan can't regulate tower relocation", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan high court headed by Chief Justice Arun Mishra on Friday asked senior advocate Gopal Subramaniyam appearing for Cellular Operator Association of India ( COAI) to explain on November 19 as to why rules framed by the state government to relocate mobile towers away from schools, hospitals etc. cannot be enacted under the law.It was agued by Subramaniyam that the guidelines and advisory issued by the Central government and rules framed by state authorities for relocation or removal of towers are in direct conflict. The senior advocate also said the rules framed by the state are misleading the public on mobile towers being hazardous.\"We have a communication on record that shows that a minister of the government also had reasons to believe so and got a tower removed from his vicinity,\" the bench said.Subramaniyam pleaded his case in front of the bench for over two hours, largely, attacking the state government for creating a misconception in the public domain on towers emitting harmful radiations.\"This is an unjustified proposition. No state government can frame rules in a country where the rule of law prevails based on a public perception without any scientific study. This is more a constitutional issue as to whether such a rule, which has no justification, can be allowed to prevail in state,\" he argued.\"We as courts are also ill-equipped to decide on such a scientific question for there are report either way. Judgment on such issues is not halting steps as they are just a mile stone in such journey. We are of the view that a precautionary measure taken by a government to regulate a potent treat if it exists or not cannot be said to be irrational and there is no question of justification,\" observed Chief Justice Arun MishraSubramaniyam, however, tried to convince the bench that the rules framed by the state government pursuant to the court's order are evasive. \"The government is trying to run away from the logic to be supplemented while enacting a law,\" They only say that the rules are being framed because a mob mentality is that mobile towers are hazardous as such the law is bad,\" he contended.The argument remained inconclusive and the bench asked Subramaniyam to explain as to how under the law he proposes to contest that the rules framed merely to regulate the tower locations cannot be enacted. \"We have similar law in Madhya Pradesh. Further, the right to do business does not gives you an unfettered right to chose place of your choice to locate a mobile tower. We would wish to hear from you on these aspects also,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "17164868", "title": "Head constable booked for cheating NRI wife", "text": "KARNAL: Police on Friday booked Head Constable Neel Kamal on charges of cheating his NRI wife.The charges were made on the complaint of Rama Sharma, 38, said SP Shashank Anand. In her complaint, she has accused her husband of cheating her and even attempting to extract money from her. Rama, who lives in the US, said she had married Neel, a resident of Sector 9 in Karnal and a divorcee, in New Delhi on October 2, 2009. Their marriage was registered on October 6.The SP said that the police had registered a case under Sections 420 of the IPC and started investigation into the matter.In her complaint, Rama said her marriage with Neel was solemnized after Neel told her that he had divorced his first wife Reena. However, a couple of months back, she came to know that Neel was still living with his first wife. She said that over the years, she had transferred over Rs 1 crore through a number of transactions from a private bank for investment here as Neel and his friend Dheeraj Kharkali assured her of multiple returns. They also told her that they had invested in stores, a petrol pump and bought property in the names of his relatives and friends. He also took money for treatment of his relatives, she said.Rama told the police that she had two daughters to take care of from her first marriage. She said she even called up Reena, who confirmed that she was living with Neel.An American citizen since 1990, Rama was born in Fiji and later migrated to the US in 1979.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164207", "title": "SUV driver attempts to run over cop, held", "text": "LUCKNOW: A person driving an SUV allegedly tried to run over a police constable in Alambagh area on Thursday night. Constable Ajay Singh was trying to stop the vehicle along with his colleagues.The accused has been arrested and booked for attempt to murder of the police constable. Probing the incident, Alambagh police team came to know about illegal smuggling of liquor.The accused confessed that his aides would be trying to bring in liquor from Haryana in the city owing to the high festive season demand.The police started combing vehicle from late Thursday night following the tip off. It was then that the team of policemen, including Ajay, tried accosting private motor vehicles including the Tata Safari in which liquor was stacked up.The accused Pramjeet who was driving the SUV (registration number UP 32 CG 9300) reportedly tried to mow down Ajay instead of stopping his vehicle during the checking being conducted on Kanpur Road in Chandannagar area of Alambagh. Meanwhile, the other policemen surrounded the vehicle and overpowered the driver. A resident of Alambagh, Pramjeet confessed that he was into stashing liquor and had sold it in the city on several occasions in the past. In fact, according to Pramod Singh, in-charge of Alambagh police, the nephew of the accused had been jailed last month for smuggling liquor.The police have seized the vehicle and 10 crates of premium liquor. The accused has been booked under various sections of the IPC including section 307 (attempt to murder). Excise Act has also been pressed against him.Furthermore, the police also caught two more people near Daliganj crossing in Hasanganj area for possessing 13 crates of illegal liquor. The two accused Mohammad Rasheed and Vinod Singh are residents of Alambagh and Sarojininagar, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "17162956", "title": "Thieves dig 500m tunnel, steal 2.5L litre crude from IOC pipeline", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: At least 2.5 lakh litre of crude oil was siphoned off by oil mafia from the Jamnagar-Mathura IOC pipeline passing through Bharatpur district.The thieves had dug up half-a-kilometer long tunnel to reach the pipeline. Despite night patrolling in the area, the theft went undetected till Thursday night when police nabbed two men transporting crude oil in a container in the Udhyog Nagar area. Nearly 22,000 litre of oil worth Rs 15 lakh has been seized.Police suspect the involvement of an organized gang of oil mafias who supply the oil to factories in Ghaziabad, Mathura, Gujarat and Delhi where it is used in boilers.SP, Bharatpur Anshuman Bhomia, and police patrolling team headed by SHO, Udhyog Nagar Lakhan Khatana intercepted a truck container around 11.30 pm on Thursday.\"The container was carrying crude oil. The driver and the helper were immediately taken into custody and interrogated. The two men - Bablu and Anil - told us that the oil was stolen from IOC's Jamnagar-Mathura pipeline passing through forest area near Rarah and Moroli villages on the Rajasthan - Uttar Pradesh border. Both are residents of UP's Azamgarh district,\" said SP Bhomia.The two men then led the team to an area used for crop cultivation. The police were shocked to find a 500-metre long tunnel dug up leading to the underground oil pipeline. \"They fixed a valve to the IOC pipeline and joined it to another pipe with a diameter of three inches. This pipe, running through the tunnel, was used to steal oil in a controlled manner,\" Bhoomia added.Police, however, did not find anyone at the spot during the raid, hinting at a possible tip-off to the thieves.According to the police, the place is isolated and the way leading to it is unapproachable due to rocky terrains. The police, though, suspect the involvement of owners of nearby agricultural lands as it is unlikely they were not aware of a tunnel being dug up in the farms.IOC's chief engineer Eshamul Huq told TOI over phone that an investigation has been launched into the theft. \"The guards are deputed to patrol the pipeline in shifts. Night patrolling is also conducted but the theft went undetected as the nearby agricultural lands had been plowed for sowing when the thieves dug up the tunnel,\" said the officer.To check the increasing incidents of oil thefts, Huq said, stringent measures need to be implemented by the government. SP Bhomia said teams have been rushed to Delhi and Mathura for further investigation.\"Prima-facie, there seems to be a huge network of oil mafia involved in the oil theft on such large scale,\" said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164444", "title": "Power generation trips before Diwali", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the festival of light barely four days away, Uttar Pradesh appears to have entered into a dark zone. In the past two days, four units in different power plants have tripped and stopped generation leading to a severe power crisis before Diwali.While 200 MW unit (number 13) of Obra and 210 MW of unit-1 in Anpara tripped on November 7, unit-4 of 210 MW at Paricha and 110 MW unit in Panki tripped on November 8 following technical snags. According to the Northern Region Load Dispatch Centre (NRLDC), the four units tripped either because of boiler tube leakage, or problems in the heating system. The Centre is yet to disclose the date as to when these units with a combined capacity of 700 MW would start functioning.Besides these four units, two generating units of 200 MW each in Obra were sent for renovation in July 2011 and October 2012. It now transpires that the two units would come back to steam only in 2015. Together, these six units which are out of production account for over 1100 MW in the state sector alone. According to UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), the total average power availability nowadays is 8500 MW. The drop of 1,100 MW has left the corporation top brass worried since the demand is expected to touch 12,000- 13,000 MW during Dhanteras and Diwali.Officials in UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam ( UPRVUN) said that the work on the said units would be expedited in a bid to bring them back before the peak of festivities. The UPPCL sources said that the corporation was also keeping a close tab on the power availability through the energy exchange. The corporation had been buying power from the exchange for the past few days in order to meet out the rise in power demand on account of one or the other festival.It was only earlier this week that UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav expressed his displeasure over the delay in the construction of the 1,000-MW (2X500 MW) Anpara-D thermal project in Sonbhadra district. Yadav even asked the Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) to complete the work by June 2013.The delay in the execution was causing cost-overrun and would hit power generation as well as development, the CM said while reviewing the progress of construction works undertaken by BHEL in the Anpara D, Obra and Harduaganj power projects. The PSU has undertaken the construction works at an estimated cost of around Rs 9,000 crore for the state's power projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17164049", "title": "Bureau of Indian Standards tag must for packaged water: HC", "text": "BANGALORE: Holding that packaged drinking water falls within the domain of Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, the Karnataka high court on Friday said that certification by Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) is mandatory for packaged drinking water.Disposing of a batch of petitions, a division bench comprising Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen and Justice Aravind Kumar directed the state government to take all necessary steps to prohibit/prevent the manufacture and sale of packaged drinking water without the certification of BIS.The bench further directed the authorities to take action against those manufacturers of packaged drinking water if they were found to be running their units without BIS certification.Noting that as against 224 units with BIS certification, 564 without certification are operating in Karnataka, the bench decided to give them an opportunity to apply for certification. All these manufacturers have been granted 15 days time for submitting the prescribed application to the authorities concerned under the FSS Act, BIS Act and also regulations for issue of BIS certificate.The authorities have been asked to process the same within three months and notify the deficiencies if any. The entire exercise has to be completed in an outer limit of four months, in case of exigencies.The petitioners had complained that even though there was a bar on selling packaged drinking water without the ISI mark, the authorities have not taken steps to prevent it. Some of the manufacturers contended that they were not covered under the FSS Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "17165018", "title": "Three held for illegal arms sale", "text": "GULBARGA: The district police on Friday arrested three persons accused of selling illegal weapons in Gulbarga.Police said the three accused are Prashanth Kuppa Bhooti of Afzalpur, Ravikanth Nagendrappa of Bhyaramadagi village in Afzalpur taluk and Siddharth Ashok Lakhe of Gulbarga.Based on reliable information on smuggling of weapons to the city, a team headed by police inspector S S Hullur apprehended the three-man gang and arrested them. Police have recovered a country pistol, a country revolver and four live bullets from them.Speaking to TOI, SP Praveen Pawar said the accused were produced before the court and remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163635", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcA Separation\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 leads a unity of world cinema", "text": "KOLKATA: When 'A Separation' lifted the Oscar for best foreign language film 2012, becoming the first to win recognition for its acclaimed cinematic heritage, people in Tehran rushed out to dance on the streets. Why so? The Iranian film had already won the Golden Bear at Berlinale 2011, a full one year ahead of the Oscars. In the meantime, it had also claimed the Golden Globe.But the Oscars were watched live by an estimated 1.2 billion people of the population that mostly takes their news from satellite channels. And as director, Asghar Farhadi said during his acceptance speech, \"People are happy... not just because an important award has gone to a film from Iran but because \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at a time of war, intimidation and aggression exchanged between politicians, the name of their country is spoken here (US) through her glorious culture \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a rich and ancient culture that has been hidden under the heavy dust of politics\".'A Separation', which opens the 18th Kolkata Film Festival on Saturday, is not a political film. It is about a couple that has approached the court with a plea for divorce. As they argue their case, and reorganize their lives, we witness different strands of complexity in human existence within a society. The director does not spare any of his characters, nor does he indict them.Like any film made in Iran, 'A Separation' had to secure a clearance from its ministry of culture and Islamic guidance, which watches out for any un-Islamic or anti-revolutionary sentiment in a script. In September 2010, the ministry had banned Farhadi from making the film as he had \"wished to see the return\" of exiled filmmakers Jafar Panahi and Mohsen Makhmalbaf. A month later, the ban was lifted when Farhadi apologized. Had they not given their nod, Farhadi, like his compatriots, would could have shown the film only abroad, or watched in Iran only on illegally imported DVDs. Now, 'A Separation' has done phenomenal business in Iran, collecting $ 335,000.'Film communicates with people'That, though, is only the tip of its BO success. It has garnered 560,000 in UK; 110,000 in Germany; 240,000 in Belgium; 210,000 in Spain; 210,000 in Greece; 60,000 in France; 49,000 in Poland and 27,000 in Turkey \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all in US dollars. Was there a message in this for anybody? Perhaps only one: \"This film is communicating with people,\" as Farhadi said, dedicating his Oscar \"to the Iranian people who respect all cultures and civilizations despite hostility and resentment.\"Iranians toasted the Oscar but hardliners in Iran twisted Farhadi's speech to add their own 'nuclear' spice. Some reportedly rejoiced, saying the Oscar was \"the beginning of the collapse of the influence of the Zionist lobby over American society\".On the other hand, westerners, unfamiliar with \"the cramped domestic\" drama unfolding with \"fierce spacious energy\" over something as \"routine\" as a separation, were still forced to describe it as \"a democratic portrait of a theocratic world.\"That should put to rest any unease over inaugurating KIFF with a 2011 film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17162749", "title": "Workers' strike to affect construction business", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Construction works are likely to be stalled in the city as members of the Visakhapatnam District Mutha Workers' Welfare Union ( VDMWWU) have decided to boycott loading and unloading of cement, iron and granite marbles from November 15.The union's president M Subbarao said here on Friday that the decision was taken as part of their protest against the city's Steel and Cement Dealers Association's apathy towards addressing their demands which include a hike in their wage rate per bag. Around 500 workers of the union had already stopped working at the shops, and were planning to boycott all the hardware shops if their demands were not addressed by November 15, Rao said. The mutha (daily wage) workers were demanding the hike to meet the rise in the prices of essential commodities, he added.At a hurriedly organised press meet on Friday, dealers' association general secretary M Trinadha Rao said that the workers were demanding high wages. He said the demand for Rs 5 per bag from the existing Rs 1.85 per bag was unacceptable. He said they would meet district collector V Seshadri on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164146", "title": "600 fine for parking near trade fair", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you slow down your vehicle or park near the trade fair from Wednesday, you will be issued a challan of Rs 600, traffic cops have said. To avoid improper parking and traffic snarls due to the trade fair, officials have placed signs around Pragati Maidan to ensure proper traffic movement.\"We have placed signs and any vehicles found parking illegally along Bhairon Road, Mathura Road and Purana Qila will be issued a challan for Rs 600 and the car will be towed away if not removed immediately. This will commence from Wednesday,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.\"The high court parking will be available for those going for trade fair. People should avail of such legal parking spaces than park haphazardly on the road,\" he added.This challan, as opposed to the usual challan of Rs 100 for improper parking, is to deter illegal parking and halting during the trade fair. Those found parking on the main carriageway of these stretches will be slapped a Rs 100 fine under section 177 of the motor vehicle act for improper parking and a Rs 500 fine under section 179 for obstruction and disobeying lawful directions, said cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164441", "title": "Visit Sangam city every 10 days to finish Kumbh works: CS to officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani has directed principal secretaries and secretaries to visit Allahabad every 10 days to review the work done by their departments in the wake of the upcoming Kumbh Mela in January 2013. The renovation of the nine highways connecting Allahabad should be completed by December 15 and the inspection report submitted by December 15. Chief secretary visited Allahabad on Friday to review the preparations for Kumbh Mela. He has directed the principal secretary, PWD to review the progress of the under-renovation and under-construction roads thrice a month. He said that FIR would be lodged against those littering roads and using illegal water connections. Usmani expressed dissatisfaction over solid waste management and street lights not confirming to the standards and directed the municipal commissioner, Allahabad to complete the work by November 30. Police department will install 85 CCTV cameras in Kumbh Mela area. Apart from this, 127 CCTV cameras will be put up at other sensitive locations of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17165686", "title": "Maoists kill four, free 8 cadres in Giridih ambush", "text": "DHANBAD: In a well-orchestrated operation, about 100 armed Maoists, including women cadres, attacked a police van carrying 32 prisoners from Giridih court to the divisional jail at Mahadev Chauk in Giridih town on Friday evening. Three policemen and a prisoner were killed in the blast and indiscriminate firing by the Red rebels.The Maoists succeeded in freeing eight of their comrades from the prison van. Police said over two dozen prisoners in the van also escaped after the attack. One prisoner, Sanjay Mahto, who refused to alight from the van, was gunned down by the Maoists.According to police, the Maoists had put a tractor on Giridih-Tundi road near Ajjidih More which is close to the jail at the Mohanpur industrial estate to prevent the movement of vehicles on the highway linking Giridih to Dhanbad. The Maoists later triggered blasts on a truck which was damaged and the traffic was disrupted. The police van carrying prisoners was following the truck. The armed Maoists hurled bombs on the van and started firing on the vehicle. The police van was attacked from all corners by the Maoists, witnesses said and claimed even the houses close to the road were damaged.One of the huts got burnt in the series of explosions. The three policemen killed in the attack have been identified as assistant sub-inspector Prabhunath Singh , havildar Rajkumar Das and constable Sadanand Gagrai.Giridih police confirmed the Maoists had looted three rifles from the policemen escorting the prisoners. Late in the evening, police claimed that they arrested two rebels from Bengabad. They are among those involved in the attack.The handcuffs for the prisoners were found hanging at the gate of the vehicle indicating prisoners had got themselves freed during the attack. Police rushed to the spot from the district headquarters and found some explosives on the road. The place where the explosions took place is in town and was crowded when the attack took place. Six policemen, who were injured, are admitted to Giridih Sadar Hospital. Three prisoners, too, are admitted to hospital .Former CM Babulal Marandi was addressing a meeting of workers at Dumri, 14 km away from the blast site, left for Dumka from Giridih. Witnesses said the Maoists were shouting slogans against chief minister Arjun Munda. Mohammad Saleh, a witness, claimed that the Maoists had assembled at Mahadev Chauk near Dukhiya Mahadev temple well in advance and attacked the truck just to prevent movement of the police van.District SP Amol V Honkar said eight Maoists were among those who managed to escape. Two of them were involved in the Chilkhari massacre in 2009, when 20 people, including Marandi's son, were killed by the Maoists.The Maoists snatched four motorcycles from the locals to escape with the prisoners. One of the motorcycle owners, Rajendra Tanti, said he had gone to relieve himself on the roadside when the rebels took away his vehicle. He claimed the Naxalites had used AK-47 and SLRs to attack the van. Witnesses told police that the Maoists had also used two Balero vehicles also to manage escape of the Maoists from the van.Jail officials later said four prisoners Ramesh Mandal, Surendra Hajra, Arjun Yadav , Babloo alias Sanjay Verma returned to the jail on their own. Three others, including Premchandra Mandal who is facing trial on murder charges, went to Giridih Sadar Hospital. He is among the three prisoners injured in the attack. Premchandra said, \"The Naxalites were looking for their comrade Rampravesh Mandal, who was involved in the massacre at Chilkhari, and he was the first Maoist to be freed and taken away on a motorcycle.\"Police found six unexploded bombs on the site which is close to Shiva Rolling mill, Kasturba Girls School and Dukhiya Mahadev temple. Witnesses, including the injured policemen, claimed the women Naxalites had led the firing on them. They were shouting \"Naxalites jindabad\" while firing on the vehicle. The number of women Maoists must be over two dozen, an injured policeman said.The injured policemen and women admitted to the hospital are Nagendra Upadhya, Raju Paswan, Sunil, Deepak Sanga, Anita Kumari and Madhumati Kishku.Former chief minister Babulal Marandi was addressing a meeting of workers at Dumri, 14 km away from the blast site, left for Dumka from Giridih. Witnesses said the Maoists were shouting slogans against chief minister Arjun Munda.This was the second incident of Maoists attack in Giridih town. Earlier, the rebels had attacked the homeguards' camp at Muffasil police station and looted over 400 rifles.Ajjidih, where the Maoists attacked the police van is close to the Mohanpur police camp which was attacked by the Maoists on October 31, 2005. They had killed 10 security personnel and looted 220 cartridges and about 400 rifles.Narayan Sanyal, the octogenarian top Maoist leader who was shifted from Raipur Central Jail to Hazaribag Jail is facing trial in the case at Giridih. In the Mohanpur police camp attack, police had filed FIR against Sanyal and 200 unidentified Maoists.Giridih-Tundi road is heavily infested by the Maoists and there is no movement of vehicles after sunset between Giridh-Dhanbad and Giridih-Hazaribagh. The private and state transport buses are not allowed to run on the route during night hours. The smaller vehicles are allowed to run under heavy police escort as precautionary measure.The eight Maoists who escaped after the attack have been identified as Baijnath Tiwari, Mithilesh Mandal, Nemchand Mahto, Sahdeo Soren, Chotaka Marandi, Bipin Mandal, Pantosh Hembrom and Rampravesh alias Ramesh Mandal, according to jail superintendent Ashok Chaudhury.The jail official said on Friday morning 32 prisoners were sent from jail to Giridih court for production in different cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17164014", "title": "BBMP slackens, posh areas escape D+ stamp", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP's efforts to check dengue by surveying the city for mosquito-breeding sites are slackening, owing to festival holidays. The slowdown comes even as there's a sharp spike in cases of dengue in the city.BBMP's ambitious programme sought to survey the city's 16 lakh properties in 46 days. It has checked close to 4 lakh buildings since October 16 and identified 13,000 as mosquito-breeding centres. Over 12 lakh properties are yet to be covered in the remaining 20 days.BBMP's chief health officer Dr Devaki Umesh admitted the survey had slowed down due to holidays. \"The pace has come down. We're hoping to complete it this month,\" she told TOI.Dr Devaki said the 'D+' stamping has evoked angry reactions from residents. \"Many have objected to the 'D+' tag. We're also finding it difficult to visit houses where mosquitoes were breeding,\" said Dr Umesh.A TOI sample survey of the areas covered revealed that the 'D+' stampings had a flawed pattern. While areas like Vasanthnagar and Malleswaram don't show many 'D+' stampings, every other house in areas like Bamboo Bazaar bear the stamp. In Vasanthnagar especially, not a single building - residential or commercial - is marked.\"The survey is complete in Vasanthnagar, it has no mosquito-breeding spots,\" the health inspector concerned told TOI.Dr HS Ballal, medical director, Manipal Hospitals, said it isn't true that posh areas are free of mosquitoes. \"Some of my staff staying in Koramangala, Indiranagar and Old Airport Road are down with dengue-like symptoms. But BBMP alone cannot maintain hygiene. The public, too, must cooperate,\" he added.Residents of Vasanthnagar have themselves objected to the survey. \"So far, I've not seen any dengue cases in my neighbourhood. But no survey was done here,\" says Vasanthnagar RWA member NS Ramakanth.BBMP health officials claimed that regular fumigation here has eliminated dengue-causing mosquitoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "17165138", "title": "Diploma course in Kodava folklore", "text": "MADIKERI: Addanda Cariappa, Karnataka folklore university academic council member and Kodava sahithya academy president, has said that the university will start a one-year diploma course in Kodava folklore from the next academic year. The academic council has been authorized to prepare syllabus and textbooks.Students who have completed SSLC are eligible to study the course. For the Kodava origin or Kodava speaking student, a pass in the 7th standard examination is enough to take this course. There is no age bar. The medium of instruction will be either Kannada or English.The students can write in Kodava language in Kannada script. There will be a question paper for 500 marks. This includes 100 marks for practical exam like minimum 2 Kodava folk performing arts and their performances on stage. Separate marks will be given for the Kodava language speaking.The main reference books for preparing the syllabus and the subjects for the exam is \"Pattole Palame\", a Kodava language book by Nadikeriyanda Chinnappa of Kodagu.The other reference books include Kodagina Ithihasa by D.N. Krishnaiah, Kodavaru by PS Ramanujam, Kodavaru mathu samskrithi by B.D. Ganapathi, Tiny model state by I.M. Muthanna, Kodava ranga bhoomi by Rekha Vasanth, Kodava ranga bhoomiyalli adhunikathe by Addanda Cariappa, Kodava mathu Bhasheyajanangagalu by BP Appanna and Kodava mathu bhasheya mula nivasigalu by Nagesh Kalur.A committee consisting of 10 experts in Kodava folk culture will be formed to prepare the syllabus and the textbooks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17165118", "title": "Young take \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcclean Diwali\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 door to door", "text": "LUDHIANA: What was just an important issue at workshops and seminars is now being brought to road and taken from door to door by the young in the city. Trying to keep pollution level low during Diwali, when people become reckless towards environment, young children can be seen walking down the streets in their localities with awareness banners and shouting slogans.The students of classes VII and VIII of Spring Dale Public School, Sherpur Road, took out one such awareness rally and raised slogans like \"Safe Diwali, Happy Diwali\" and \"Say No To Crackers\". Their banners advised the spectators to celebrate a cracker-free Diwali.They requested the residents to keep away from harming the environment and informed them about the eco-friendly crackers available in the market. The students discussed the traditional way of celebrating Diwali with flowers and lamps. School managing director Avinash Kaur Walia joined the students in urging the people to celebrate a clean Diwali.Under the aegis of the Green School Programme (GSP) and Eco Club of BCM Arya Model School, Shastri Nagar, over 4,000 students pledged to celebrate an eco-friendly and noiseless Diwali. Pamphlets were distributed among students to sensitize them to the need of preserving environment during Diwali.The enthusiasm among youths to keep this Diwali pollution-free is evident on social networking websites too, as they share messages about avoiding crackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17165592", "title": "Mankind and grass go back 5,000 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: The relationship between mankind and this graceful plant stretches back 5,000 years or more. Most ancient cultures have recorded its magical properties, ancient languages have names for it. Yet, cannabis is officially counted as a villain, its use banned in most countries.Cannabis use is recorded in at least 163 countries comprising 90% of the world's population. \"It remains the most widely used illicit substance globally,\" a UN report says. It estimates that 119 million-224 million adults used cannabis across the world, 2.6-5 % of the adult population, in 2010. The UN data underlines another aspect: Cannabis use is prevalent everywhere, from the South Pacific islands to Russian steppes, mining communities in the Canadian wilds to Brazilian favelas and from the Himalayas to the Congolese Blue Mountains. Oceania reported some of the highest cannabis use, between 9.1 and 14.6% of the adult population, followed by North America (10.8%), Western and Central Europe (7%) and West and Central Africa (5.2-13.5%). In Latin America , about 2.5% of the adult population used cannabis, while in Asia it was between 1 and 3.4%, an underestimate with China barely counted.These are rough estimates because the UN agency relied on patchy government data. Governments usually want to give out under-estimates because they want to show how effective their curbs are. Experts feel the figure for cannabis aficionados may be double this estimate.So, there is a deep irony as far as cannabis is concerned. An ancient relationship flourishes throughout the world, yet in most places it's suppressed by legislation. The way national laws struggle with cannabis's popularity shows how difficult it is to stamp out a way of life. Countries can be placed in three categories as far as their legal-formal attitude towards cannabis is concerned : tough, easy-going and fencesitters. Countries with tough laws include many in Europe \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Austria , Bulgaria , Croatia , Denmark, France Germany Greece, Iceland , Ireland , Sweden , Serbia, Ukraine , to name the prominent ones. Not only is trade, transport and cultivation prohibited on the pain of imprisonment of up to 10 years, possession for personal use is frowned upon. Not all violations are dealt with harshly, but that's the spirit. It's a similar story in east Asian countries - Japan, Vietnam , China, Hong Kong , Singapore and Philippines . Bolivia and Paraguay in South America , Ethiopia and South Africa in Africa, Saudi Arabia , UAE and Malaysia in Asia and New Zealand have a similar tough approach.The easy-going countries may have started off like this but later relaxed laws to allow personal use in private spaces. Cannabis use is decriminalized to differing extents. Many allowed cannabis use for medical purposes. In the US, medical marijuana use between 28g to 425g is allowed in 19 states. They allow cultivation of six to 24 cannabis plants for such use.The way the struggle between cannabis users and authorities has shaped out is fascinating. In Iran up to 15g marijuana is allowed for personal use. In Chile, a certain amount is allowed as long as it's for personal use, but try using it in a group and the law kicks in. In Turkey , possession, trade, cultivation, transportation is illegal, not consumption. If you're smoking a joint there's no problem, but if you roll one and walk to the park, you're in violation. In Venezuela , if you're found using cannabis, you'll be put in rehab, but no criminal charges will be levelled. In the Netherlands and in Czech Republic , some coffee shops sell marijuana, smoking on their premises is permitted, although since 2011 restrictions on non-residents have been placed in Netherlands after foreign tourists flooded these places.In the US, certain parts have relaxed cannabis laws, others lag behind. In Australia, the capital territory, South and West Australia and Northern Territories allow personal consumption. But it's an offence in New South Wales , Queensland, Victoria &amp; Tasmania.In the fence-sitter countries, cannabis use is illegal and regulated, but in practice it's tolerated. India is a member of this club, with nearly 20-30 million casual users. The wild growth of cannabis indica helps. Pakistan , Nepal , Sri Lanka and Bangladesh are in a similar position.Cannabis through the pages of history2900 BCE | Chinese Emperor Fu refers to marijuana as popular medicine2700 BCE | Emperor Shen Nung discovers marijuana's healing properties as well as ginseng and ephedra1213 BCE | Cannabis pollen found on the mummy of Ramesses II700 BCE | The Venidad purportedly written by Zarathustra mentions bhang600 BCE | Ayurvedic treatise Sushruta Samhita cites medicinal properties of cannabis79-90 CE | Pliny the Elder, ancient Roman nobleman, scientist, and historian, recommends cannabis for illnesses800-900 | The great ninthcentury Islamic physician Rhazes prescribed it widely", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17165403", "title": "Inquiry into destruction of riots documents sought", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt on Friday requested the Godhra probe panel to urgently institute an independent high-level investigation into the alleged destruction of documents related to the 2002 riots in the State Intelligence Bureau.Bhatt has demanded a probe after the state government's declaration last month that nine of the 47 documents he sought for inspection, were destroyed. The cop has sought an investigation \"in exercise of its powers under S. 5A of the Act, to investigate into the aspect of the alleged destruction of records as also in order to unearth other documents which have been falsely claimed as 'not being maintained'\". Bhatt earlier claimed that the state government did not follow the Gujarat high court order to provide all documents he wanted for inspection. In an application tendered before the commission on Friday, Bhatt stated, \"It is crystal clear that when the HC permitted, on October 12, the inspection of 47 specified documents, the same was based on the categorical and unambiguous undertaking of the Advocate General that none of those documents that were sought by the undersigned have been destroyed and that the same are available and would be forwarded to the Commission within a week.\"With this he accused the state government of not disclosing before the HC that nine of 47 documents were destroyed.Specifying about all nine documents, Bhatt submitted before the commission that these documents cannot be destroyed because they are occasionally created and that too in special circumstances.Meanwhile, the state government submitted that it has approached the high court for clarification of its last month's order.The issue of relevancy of documents also remains a bone of contention, as the high court mentioned this issue in its order. The Nanavati commission is yet to decide on this aspect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163405", "title": "Teacher\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kin to be chargesheeted", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five months after 36-year-old MCD school teacher Dipti Chikara's honour killing came to light, the outer district police is now all set to file the final chargesheet against her mother and brother next week.Veermati (50) and Mohit (22) have since been arrested and are now behind bars. Police not only visited all crematoriums around Roorkee where the accused accompanied by a relative, Amit, dumped the body but also extracted Dipti's remains and matched her DNA samples with those of Veermati. \"We now hace clinching evidence against the accused as we have been able to establish that the body belongs to the deceased,\" said a cop.The investigation team led by DCP BS Jaiswal and ACP KPS Malhotra said Chikara was killed at 9.40pm on April 19. On that day, she had talked to her boyfriend, Lalit, for hours. When Mohit admonished her, an argument ensued. Mohit and Veermati called over Chikara's uncle Amit and the trio strangled her. It took us 16 days to recover Dipti's remains,\" said an officer.An outer Delhi police team camped in Roorkee to recover Chikara's body. It was assisted by UP police. \"The samples were sent to FSL, Rohini and we have received the reports matching Dipti's and Veermati's DNA samples. We plan to file the chargesheet on October 16,'' said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164835", "title": "Gold deeds gain online ground this Dhanteras", "text": "CHENNAI: For the past 40 years, Prakash Vaswani has been buying gold or silver coins for Dhanteras, an auspicious day before Diwali when north Indians traditionally buy precious metal. This year though, the 63-year-old businessman has told his stockbroker to make his investment in gold deeds and funds in the commodities market on Sunday, the day of the festival.\"The shops are crowded on Dhanteras. So I've decided to save time and energy by buying exchange traded funds (ETFs) online. Tradition demands that you invest in gold. I'm doing it in a slightly different form,\" says Vaswani, who has been investing in shares for the past 40 years and in gold ETFs for about a year.Earlier this week, the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) announced that it will hold a special trading session for gold ETFs alone on Sunday from 11am to 3.30pm for Dhanteras. The market is usually closed on Sunday. BSE will waive transaction charges that day.\"There's always an increase in trade during Dhanteras,\" says Lakshmi Iyer, head, fixed income and product, Kotak Mutual Funds. \"The exchange is opening because it wants Indians to move from physical gold to paper gold.\"Ashok Kripalani, who runs a factory, says his family is taking a traditional yet contemporary approach to the festival. \"I will be buying gold deeds online, but my wife will be buying diamond jewellery,\" he says. Kripalani has been investing in gold deeds for the past year and says it saves him the tension of storing gold. He adds that gold multiplies faster than other investments in the commodities market.Five years ago, says Iyer, it was hard to get people to invest in gold ETFs but people have realised that it is economical and convenient. \"You get access to wholesale rates and the returns are higher,\" she says. The gold ETF market has grown from 100 crore five years ago to 11,500 crore today.Even those buying gold to create assets for their children are going online. \"I buy some amount gold for my daughter every month. I started buying gold ETFs recently because it's more liquid than physical gold, and I don't have to worry about what jewellery designs she will like,\" says homemaker Sowmya Mani, 44, who has been trading in shares online for eight years. She bought ETFs for Akshaya Tritiya and plans to do the same for Dhanteras, even though her family does not observe the festival. \"It is an auspicious day so it is a good idea to invest,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17165015", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcInnovation vital for tomorrow\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Second day of the National Conclave organized by University Institute of Engineering and technology (UIET), Panjab University, started with a speech stressing on the need for innovation for a smarter tomorrow.The guest speakers encouraged the need to be versatile and transform with changing times. The panel discussion conducted in the event was attended by various bright minds of the nation who enlightened the budding entrepreneurs on how to maintain a balance between work and other aspects of life. They said that peace of mind and relaxation is prerequisite for innovation and creative ideas. With the advent of technology, people are losing focus and life has become more stressful than ever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mcleodganj", "code": "17164459", "title": "Tibetans release video to protest Chinese repression", "text": "MCLEODGANJ: A group of Tibetan youth has released a video portraying Chinese president Hu Jintao's successor, Xi Jinping, a cruel person, whose only response to the Tibetan resistance is to order arrests and torture of protestors.The video titled 'Tibetans challenge Jinping - Gangnam style' features song and dance portraying Jinping to protest China's occupation of Tibet and repression there.\"We had launched this parody video on the eve of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP)'s 18th congress. We have used Korean pop-star Psy's famous Gangnam style and the video features China's heir Xi Jinping whose only response to Tibetans' growing resistance is to arrest, beat and torture protestors,\" said McLeodganj-based Students for Free Tibet national director Dorjee Tsenten (29). \"We have used the song of Psy and his popular Gangnam style to show what is going on inside Tibet and how Chinese government is muzzling the voices of people.\"The video was launched on YouTube and Youku, China's biggest video hosting service, on November 7 hours before the start of CC congress. It has since gone viral. Many Chinese and Taiwanese also viewed and shared it before censors blocked it.\"We want to reach out to all -- across all countries -- to show them how Chinese leadership is working. They are not talking to us or discussing. They have only one solution to beat, torture and to kill Tibetan protestors,\" said SFT campaign director Tenzin Jindra. \"We have to try to prove that Xi cannot stop Tibetans who are moving beyond fear and challenging the Chinese rule in Tibet. The joke is on him and we are challenging him to resolve the Tibet crisis now or Tibet will soon become your biggest headache.\"This video shows that despite many restrictions, Xi is unable to stop Tibetan protestors from waving their flags and disseminating their messages.Four Tibetans had set themselves afire on the eve of CCP congress's to protest Chinese repression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164798", "title": "Land for international airport at Chakan finalized: CM", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday announced that the state government was considering setting up an airport in every district of the state and said that land for the international airport at Chakan near Pune has been \"finalized\".\"The location of the Chakan airport was changed two or three times due to some technical and local issues. However, we have now finalized the land and are in the process of conducting surveys,\" he saidChavan was speaking at the concluding session of a day-long seminar organized by the state government at the Council Hall here on the platinum jubilee year of the state legislature.\"The government is developing two international airports - at Chakan and Navi Mumbai. Both projects were delayed due to land-related issues. The Navi Mumbai airport requires some additional land.We are working on airport projects and are confident to push ahead both projects in the coming days. We are keen on setting up airports in every district to promote industry and better communication,\" Chavan said.Referring to the various projects that were sanctioned for Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad recently, Chavan said the government was working on implementing the metro rail and ring road projects for Pune city. He said there is a plan to start an international convention centre in Bhosari-Moshi to attract industries. He also pointed out that the government has decided to include 28 more villages in the PMC limits to enable planned development and ensure basic infrastructure facilities there.Chavan said, there has been a significant growth in the urban population in the state over the last few years.\"Steps are being taken to tackle issues of urbanization. The government recently decided to develop integrated townships near big cities like Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and Nagpur by providing additional FSI. The government is considering changes in the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act and in the town planning schemes to streamline the process of land dealings in urban areas and to reduce pendency,\" he said.In his speech earlier, Chavan asked local officials in the Pune revenue division to promote drip irrigation. He said the division should set itself a goal of achieving 100% drip irrigation in the next five years. He assured that the government would initiate steps to prepare a regional plan for every district and a vision document of the Pune revenue division to promote balanced growth.Chavan said the government has submitted a proposal to the Union government to allocate Rs 2,200 crore to the state to complete smaller irrigation projects located in drought-prone areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17162903", "title": "Tennis' clash of continents", "text": "LONDON: The inaugural Clash of Continents tournament will be played at the Singapore Indoor Stadium on 24-25 November. The event showcases four world class male tennis stars, each representing their continent - Asia, Europe, North America and South America.World No. 9 ranked Serbian ace, Janko Tipsarevic will represent Europe while Asia's hopes lie on the broad shoulders of Kei Nishikori , the current world no. 15 who is the highest ranked Asian player on the ATP World Tour. American Mardy Fish , ranked 22 in the world, will seek to fly the North American flag high while the flamboyant Argentine world no. 11, Juan Monaco will represent South America.With total prize money of $520,000 at stake, the round-robin tournament format will see the four tennis stars go head-to-head in a battle for pride, honour and glory.In addition to the battle between the four men, tennis fans will also be treated to some fantastic women's tennis action with glamour girls Slovakia's Daniela Hantuchova and China's Peng Shuai set to clash in weekend action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17165025", "title": "Govt, banks yet to meet targets", "text": "RANCHI: Despite regular meetings of the state level bankers committee (SLBC) once in every quarter and a special SLBC aimed at boosting bank-related activities last month, both the state government and banks have failed to keep up to the assurances made at the last meeting.While the state government is yet to come up with consolidated data on land records making loan disbursement by the banks difficult, the banks failed in their target of achieving cent percent financial inclusion.During the 41st SLBC held here on Friday, under the chairmanship of CMD Allahabad Bank , Subalaxmi Panse, banks expressed concern over the rising graph of non-performing assets (NPA) in the state and delay on the part of the state government to make land records available. The state in turn pulled up the banks for the delay in carrying out financial inclusion drive which continues to remain at a very low figure.Despite clear cut instructions of RBI to ensure cent per cent financial inclusion in all 24 districts, till date only seven districts, namely Dumka, Jamtara, Pakur, Godda, Lohardaga, Hazaribag and Ramgarh, have been declared cent percent financially included.As per another guideline of the RBI, banks have been asked to extend banking facility to hamlets with a population between 1,600-2,000 and as many as 875 villages have been identified under the scheme.\"By September end, 108 villages are left to be included in bank services,\" pointed out the GM of National Agriculture Bank for Rural Development (Nabard), Sarvana Vel, further stating that formation of SHGs and opening of savings accounts on their behalf is a must for extending loans to them.While chief minister Arjun Munda expressed satisfaction over banks'performance, he asked them to speed up distribution of kisan credit cards and extend educational loan to deserving students to improve the CD ratio of the state.Panse reiterated the need for updating land records and sought the cooperation of the state in recovering non-performing assets .She was later assured that soon the state would appoint certified officers to dispose of as many as 1,04,332 pending cases of NPA involving around Rs 304.95 crore. Chief secretary S K Choudhary said the state plans to raise an industrial security force to provide security to bank assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17165606", "title": "1 dies, 2 hurt in road accident", "text": "INDORE: One person died and two others sustained serious injuries in a collision between a four-wheeler and a bus in Chandan Nagar area here on Friday.The deceased was identified as Shabbir, 50, the son of Md Hussain. He was the resident of Gulzar Colony.The injured were identified as Shirin, 45 and her daughter-in-law Batul. They are being treated at the MY Hospital.Police said Hussain was driving the car, MP09 CK0104 in which two women were sitting. They were heading for Ratlam to attend a programme when a bus, MP09 SA0962 hit them. After the accident, another vehicle MP09 GE6628 hit the car from other direction.The accident took place at around 7 am near Choithram Eye Hospital. The injured were rushed to MY hospital for treatment, where Hussain reportedly succumbed to injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17165065", "title": "Smog takes temperature up", "text": "LUDHIANA: Formation of smog has been recently attributed to stubble burning in Punjab and Haryana. The situation has also caused maximum temperature to rise above the normal of 28 degrees celsius, as suggested by the daily weather report.Assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University Kulwinder Kaur Gill said: \"Day temperature and maximum temperature has shown a rise due to burning of stubble in the fields. The weather trend is likely to continue till November 20.\" However, there is not much change in the night temperature and the minimum would remain close to 12 degrees celsius. \"Clear sky results in cooler nights. Till November 11, the maximum temperature would remain on the higher side while the minimum would be somewhat normal.\" Gill said. Space agency NASA had highlighted fire in the fields in Punjab in its satellite image on October 31.Vivek Chattopadhyay, deputy programme manager with the Centre for Science and Environment, Air Pollution Control Unit, said: \"Certain studies have shown that heavy smog causes mild increase in temperature levels. Current weather conditions are not allowing smog to dilute, and fireworks in Diwali further intensifies the situation.\" Senior environmental engineer Krunesh Garg explained: \"Solid Particulate Matter (SPM) level, which is an indicator of air pollution, is a bit higher during the time when farmers burn stiff stalks of grain left after harvesting. Average annual SPM is 172 micrograms per metric cube for commercial area, 240 for industrial area and 214 for domestic area. The weekly average SPM level here from October 29 to November 3 was 214 micrograms per metric cube for commercial area, 323 for industrial area and 162 for domestic area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163037", "title": "Pohare admitted to GMCH with fractured hand", "text": "NAGPUR: Marathi daily 'Deshonnati' owner and editor-in-chief Prakash Pohare on Friday was shifted to Government Medical College and Hospital with a fractured left hand. He was escorted to the hospital from Nagpur central jail after the prison authorities decided to hospitalize the controversial media baron.Pohare and his accomplices were slapped with murder charges in October last month after a security guard shot dead a former watchman of the Deshonnati printing press at Gondkhairi during a scuffle. Despite repeated attempts, Pohare had failed to procure a pre-arrest bail from the court. He remained elusive until a local crime branch squad of Nagpur rural police netted him from his native place in Akola amid strong protest against him.Even after his arrest, controversies did not elude Pohare as the witnesses claimed that they were being threatened with dire consequences by the jail inmates in presence of the guards during the identification parade.Source in the hospital claimed that some clinical tests would be conducted on Pohare before doctors take decision about further treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17164309", "title": "Book Digvijay, 5 others for attempt to murder: Ujjain court", "text": "UJJAIN: A local court on Friday directed the Ujjain police to book former chief minister and Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh and five others for physically-assaulting Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) workers during a protest.When Singh was on a tour of Madhya Pradesh in July 2011, BJYM workers showed black flags to him and his cavalcade and a clash took place between Congress workers and BJYM activists\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho suffered serious injuries.Singh, Ujjain MP (Congress) Premchand Guddu, Hemant Chouhan, Dileep Singh, Mahesh Parmar were the names that came out and the BJYM workers filed a complaint with the Jiwajiganj police station, but no case was registered by the police, after which the workers approached the local court.Additional district judge Deepesh Tiwari ordered the police to register cases against the Congress workers, including Singh, Guddu and others, under sections 307 (attempt to murder), 326 and 324 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or means) of the IPC.The BJYM group was protesting against Singh's remark that he did not rule out the involvement of the RSS in the July 13 blasts in Mumbai. It was reported that the statement did not go down well even with the Congress top leadership.The BJP termed it as a communalizing of the fight against terror for minor political gains. \"We all know whom the SIT and the NIA are interrogating in the terror attack case,\" BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad had said then adding that such statements from Singh were denting India's image on the international stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164149", "title": "Diwali rush jams Delhi, weekend to be worse", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you were out shopping or distributing Diwali gifts on Friday and spent more hours on the road than at the market, you were not alone. Commuters remained stuck in massive jams at many parts as traffic volumes increased due to Diwali rush. The weekend is expected to be just as bad for commuters.Approach roads to every major market place were choc-a-bloc with traffic. Those who drove to Sarojini Nagar, Karol Bagh, Chandni Chowk, Sadar Bazaar, South Extension or Lajpat Nagar either had to turn back disappointed or remained stuck for hours.Long jams were reported along Ring Road, Outer Ring Road, Vikas Marg, Mathura Road, Aurobindo Road, Bhishma Pitamah Marg, NH-24 and ITO. A DTC bus that broke down at Teen Murti led to spiralling jams at Shantipath, Akbar Road and Chanakyapuri.Use public transport to avoid Diwali jams, say traffic cops\"I have been stuck between Moti Bagh flyover and Chanakyapuri police station for the past two hours since 6pm,\" Aruna Ramakrishna Prayag, an administration officer at an embassy, said on phone. \"Though traffic cops are posted everywhere, the situation is pathetic. People are just getting off cars and walking.\"The weekend is expected to be equally difficult for Delhi commuters as many people will attend to their Diwali duties on these two holidays. Traffic cops have advised Delhiites to use public transport. \"Public transport is a much better option for those visiting markets because finding a place to park your vehicle is next to impossible. We have challaned a huge number of vehicle owners for illegal parking and other traffic violations, especially near the various Diwali melas,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg said there was additional deployment to manage jams. \"Traffic congestion was the most at New Delhi where a bus broke down. Since Diwali rush will continue in the weekend, we are expecting marketplaces to remain crowded. There will be extra deployment during the evenings to manage the extra traffic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17165500", "title": "NRG unity in US shines in Sandy crisis", "text": "Hurricane Sandy gave the Gujarati community a chance to prove their mettle, feel a majority of New Yorkers. When Hurricane Sandy hit New York, New Jersey and the surrounding states, it deprived millions of shelter, forced people out of their homes to community temples and hall. But those five days of trouble also offered a unique chance to Gujarati community to exhibit their strength and unity.Eminent NRG politician Tony Patel, Democratic Party State Committee Member, 6th Congressional District of Georgia, says, \"While Hurricane Sandy hit the eastern coast of New Jersey, everyone was reminded to take precautions to safeguard their families and stay indoors or seek refuge in shelters. While many safeguarded their own interests, there were a few who came out to help others and I am proud to say they belonged to the Gujarati community.\"\"At times like these, Gujarati families have been known to extend a helping hand to those in need. I appreciate and encourage all who have extended their hospitality and available resources to families in New Jersey when Sandy struck.\"The same sentiments were echoed by Sunil Nayak, president Association of Indian Americans in North America (AIANA). \"Millions were affected by Sandy. We had blackouts, power cuts, storm waters entering homes, people spending days at community hotels, halls and temples. Though it gave us a tough time, most problems were taken care of by the united efforts of Gujarati community activists.It is a known fact that the Gujarati community has always helped authorities tackle crises and has never depended on governmental resources alone.\"Sandy dented the economy of New York and New Jersey alone by around $20 billion. A large number of Gujarati businessmen affected by the crisis are not to depend only on official resources alone. Shailesh Patel, vicepresident for Gujarati Samaj of Baltimore says, \"We are assessing damage faced by the Gujarati community due to the calamity and are trying to come up with ways to tackle business losses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17164174", "title": "Wayanad ryot gets PV Thampy award", "text": "KOCHI: The 15th P V Thampy Memorial Endowment Award instituted by the Environment Monitoring Forum was presented to Cheruvayil Raman, a paddy farmer and conservationist from Wayanad, at a function held here on Friday.Former minister Thomas Isaac presented the award, comprising a memento and cash prize of Rs10,000.The award is presented every year to individuals and organisations for their extraordinary work in protecting the environment.The award is given in memory of P V Thampy, a revered environmentalist who contributed in spreading awareness about nature conservation in the state.Raman is a member of the Kurichya tribe engaged traditionally in paddy cultivation.The award was presented to him for his conservation of 33 native paddy seed varieties, which he has been cultivating in his five-acre field using organic methods.Speaking after receiving the award, Raman spoke about his struggles in sustaining paddy cultivation and the need to conserve traditional paddy seed varieties which are more robust in resisting pests and diseases.V D Satheeshan, MLA, veteran journalist N Madhavankutty and writer-actor V K Sreeraman were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "calangutetnn", "code": "17162742", "title": "Italian tourist injured in road accident", "text": "CALANGUTEtnn: Antonio Binda, an Italian national was injured when his two-wheeler dashed against a truck on the Calangute-Candolim road on Wednesday.Police said Binda, a resident of Chapora, was riding the two-wheeler in a 'rash and negligent manner' on the wrong side of the road at around 1.50am on Wednesday when he dashed against an oncoming truck at Gauravaddo, Calangute.Police have registered an offence under Section 279 IPC against Binda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17164099", "title": "Arunachal BJP seeks CBI probe into Cong-ULFA 'nexus'", "text": "ITANAGAR: The BJP in Arunachal Pradesh expressed dismay over the alleged nexus between senior Congress leaders of the state and Ulfa cadres on Friday and demanded a CBI inqiry into the matter.\"Congress leaders of the state having nexus with the armed rebels was exposed after the arrest of two pro-talks Ulfa rebels - Ganesh Kumbang and Biraj Sonowal - in Demaji district of Assam in connection with a police case registered in Lohit district of Arunachal Pradesh,\" BJP spokesman Tai Tagag said in a press release.\"The accusation made by the arrestees, as appeared in the media before the Assam Police, is shocking and is very serious matter as successive Congress governments have been misusing the state exchequer meant for welfare schemes used in their infightings for leadership race in the state,\" said Tagak.\"The duo during interrogation confessed that there was an agreement between Congress leaders and the rebel outfit for toppling the Jarbom Gamlin government,\" he alleged.The party demanded an investigation by the CBI into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17166857", "title": "Podaa Podi gets a clean 'U'", "text": "Silambarasan is all smiles as his Diwali release Podaa Podi has been cleared by the censors on Nov 9 evening with a clean U certificate.Podaa Podi with Simbu and Varalaxmi in the lead as expected will be released for Deepavali. This romantic musical is now confirmed to take on Vijay's AR Murugadoss directed big budget action entertainer Thuppakki on Nov 13.The film is a family story set in the backdrop of dance. The film's songs composed by Dharan are already a big hit with Love Pannalama Venama topping the charts. The film is directed by debutant Vignesh Siva. The film has Shobana and VTV Ganesh in character roles.Simbu tweeted last night \"No Cuts Only for \"U\" Thanks to god !!! # podaapodi Nov 13th confirmed :) very gud ma !!!\"It is to be noted that the censor board members who saw the film were extremely pleased and congratulated director Vignesh Shiva for making a clean entertainer and portraying the hero as a \"good boy\" who does not smoke or drink!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167096", "title": "Kamal Hassan praises Vijay, Surya", "text": "Kamal Hassan is undoubtedly a great dancer, who won the hearts of audience with his dance in a number of movie since his early days.The actor, recently revealed who he thinks is doing a fine job in the at of dancing. The actor had good words about Illayathalapathy Vijay and Suriya. He also praised dancing sensation Prabhu Deva to heavens.\"Most of them are really good in dance. Vijay and Surya dance well. Prabhu Deva learnt all by himself. Indeed, everybody is trying hard and the technique of teaching has also changed,\" said Kamal Hassan.Meanwhile, Kamal Hassan , who launched the Auro 3D trailer of Vishwaroopam at Satyam Cinemas, Chennai, turned 58 on Wednesday (November 7).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17164997", "title": "Student hit by bat dies on birthday", "text": "BOKARO: A Class VI student was killed when his classmate hit him with a bat after he refused to play cricket with him in a school at Kurmidih in Balidih on Friday. Raman Kumar, the deceased was a student of Swami Sahjanand Vikas Vidyayala, Kurmidih. Friday was his birthday.According to the OC of Balidih police station Bir Kumar, the teachers came to know about the incident after he fainted at the spot. He was later rushed to the hospital where he succumbed to the injuries. A case has been lodged in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17165662", "title": "Bombay High Court cuts poor teacher\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s jail term by one year", "text": "NAGPUR: Considering the weak financial position of an accused teacher, the Bombay High Court's Aurangabad bench granted him respite by reducing his jail sentence by a year. The Nanded sessions court had sentenced the teacher to five years rigorous imprisonment for abetting his wife to commit suicide due to dowry demand.The high court held that even though the accused harassed his wife and abetted her suicide, her mental trauma was aggravated by the poor finances of her husband and hence found it justified to slightly reduce the sentence. \"Wife's letter mentioned that she was frustrated. She had also expressed that all her dreams were shattered in to pieces. Thus, there is the possibility that the financial condition aggravated the things. In view of these circumstances, this court holds that some lenient view can be taken,\" a single-judge bench of TV Nalawade observed.Petitioner Pratap Dhole entered into wedlock with Gangasagar in 1995, but immediately after that he started harassing her by making serious accusations that she was medically unfit to bear a child and was suffering from various deadly diseases. On the pretext of making expenditure on her treatment, Pratap extorted money from her parents who often agreed to his demands. But the harassment didn't stop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17165120", "title": "Folklorists discuss trends of folk tradition in modern era", "text": "MYSORE: One can preserve state's rich folk culture even in the era of globalization, said folk scholar K R Sandhya Reddy on Friday. Speaking on 'Recent changes in folk tradition' at the silver jubilee celebrations of Maharaja's College's folk department, she said: \"We have to adjust to recent tradition. The SMSes forwarded by youth also forms a part of modern folk culture, through which we can study the nature of today's youth.\"\"Study of folk is nothing but a study of culture, history and social environment of a particular era. In recent times, songs composed by students in colleges, SMSes exchanged about political system and society reflect the mindset of this generation. This can be called as modern folklore,\" she added.\"There is no need to work hard to preserve folk culture. We just have to record everything. There has been a drastic change in folk lovers as well. Now, they don't have time to watch yakshagana and harikathe, which run hours together. Keeping up with modern mentality, even yakshagana is pruned,\" she explained.Folk is not a subject of study, but is a part of life. From many folk songs and stories, we can make out different viewpoints. If we carefully examine the folk songs of women, we can understand their nature. Though uneducated, they have humanity,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17165410", "title": "Consumer goods sector largest recruiter at IIM-A", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The consumer goods and services sector represented a large portion of recruiters for summer internships at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) on Friday.The second cluster comprised cohorts like consumer goods and services, Indian financial services firms, general management leadership programmes, niche consulting, and private equity, venture capital and investment management firms.Regular recruiters such as Amazon, Hindustan Unilever Limited, and Procter &amp; Gamble made a significant number of offers in the consumer goods and services space. Amazon extended 11 offers and was the largest recruiter in the cluster.A plethora of options were available to students interested in marketing internships. Philips recruited students for business development, and sales and marketing internships as part of its business leadership programme. Shell India recruited students for the first time from IIM-A for sales and marketing internships. Vinay Shinde, graduate recruitment team leader at Shell India said, \"The offer system, being different from the other IIMs, reduces the pressure in the process. The process also gave us sufficient time to interact with candidates. Also, we liked the fact that candidates were sure about what they wanted.\"In the general management domain, Tata Administrative Services, Aditya Birla Group , Mahindra and Mahindra , and Reliance recruited a substantial number of summer interns.Leading multinational companies such as General Electric and Johnson &amp; Johnson also participated in the recruitment process. Technology firms also extended offers to several students in the second cluster with firms such as Google, Yahoo! and Microsoft recruiting students for several profiles.According to the institute, a significant portion of firms conducted pre-interview processes in the form of group discussions on November 8.Over 25 companies comprising regular and fresh recruiters in the three cohorts of global strategy consulting, international investment banks and investment management firms participated during the first cluster of the summer placements on Wednesday.Cluster 3 and 4 are scheduled to be held on 16th and 19th November respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17164384", "title": "Shukkoor Murder: One more accused surrenders", "text": "KANNUR: The fifth accused in the sensational Shukkoor murder case, K Prakashan (32), surrendered before the judicial first class magistrate court here on Friday morning. After recording his arrest, the JFCM-1, C Mujeeb Rahiman, ordered him to be sent in judicial remand for 14 days.Prakashan, a native of Morazha, who was also working as bill collector of Pappinissery Service Cooperative Bank, was absconding after the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17165339", "title": "Gadget we can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t live without: Alarm clock", "text": "LONDON: The humble alarm clock has beaten the iPhone and flatscreen TV to top the list of most enduring gadgets we can't do without, a new research found.With its brightly glowing numbers and basic push-button functions, the bedside digital alarm is hardly the most high-tech gadget in our homes. However, the study found that the clock is the gadget we are most likely to hang on to for the longest, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The top ten longest-lasting gadgets still in use also includes toasted sandwich makers, calculators and electric carving knives. And even in this digital age, there are millions of homes who have kept and still regularly use their old video cassette recorders and record players.Although many people are reluctant to part with their old devices, they are not the most loved gizmos owned, according to a poll for the Gadget Show Live Christmas event.Smartphones and broadband were named as the things that modern people say they cannot live without. In a survey of 1,000 people about the favourite technology and gadgets that had been in their home the longest, the digital alarm clock, toasted sandwich makers and pocket calculators came out on top.They were followed by the original Nintendo Game Boy, electric carving knives, pop-up toasters and bread makers. The list is completed by the digital watch, VCR and record player, in a nod to times gone by.The top ten older gadgets still in use included Digital alarm clock at number one followed by Breville toasted sandwich maker (2), Pocket calculator (3), Game Boy (4), Electric carving knife (5), Toaster (6), Breadmaker at number seven, Digital watch (8), VCR (9) and a record player at number 10.The top ten gadgets Britons can't live without: 1.SmartPhone, 2.Broadband, 3.TV, 4.Laptop, 5.Tablet Games, 6.console, 7.Digital TV player/recorder, 8.MP3 player, 9.Ereader and 10.DVD player.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17162797", "title": "5 Tamil Nadu men detained in Mormugao", "text": "VASCO: Marine police on Thursday detained five persons from Tamil Nadu after the fishing trawler they were in drifted into Mormugao port waters following a motor breakdown.Oscar Shelton, 24, Abhinesh Leo, 20, Ganesh Khuris, 58, Kaithi Unraj, 20, and Prabhison Valorian, 19, all from Kanyakumari, were among the 17 persons on the trawler 'Adinan'. But unlike the other 12, they did not have any identity proof and were detained on suspicion.They were handed over to Mormugao police on Thursday night and are presently in police custody. Mormugao police are conducting further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17165767", "title": "Residents' stir for post haste delivery of letters", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Mancheswar and Ghadakan residents in the city staged a demonstration in front of Mancheswar Railway Post Office on Friday, demanding timely delivery of letters. They also alleged postal officials are not delivering Adhaar cards properly. TOI had published a report on November 5 about undelivered letters dumped unattended in a verandah of the post office. The article, titled 'Letters cow feed at Mancheswar post office', had highlighted how hundreds of letters were lying soaked in the rain and some being eaten by cows moving about freely on the post office premises.About 60-70 residents of the locality gheraoed the post office at 11 am and demanded an explanation from the post master about not getting letters on time. They also locked up the post office for nearly an hour.\"Even after the problem was highlighted by the media, there was no change in the attitude of the postal staff. We have been getting letters after weeks and months of its arrival and sometimes we do not get them at all. They (post office officials) have been playing with the career of hundreds of youth, who apply for jobs in the Railway Recruitment Board (RRB), as a huge number of applications have been piled up in the post office for months together,\" said Krushna Chandra Pati, a resident of Gadhakan area.Postmaster Santosh Kumar Nandi, however, said, \"I have no idea that letters are not delivered on time. Every day postmen leave office to deliver letters and return empty handed. How can I know if they have delivered the letters or not. I cannot follow them.\"Residents also alleged Ghadakan sub-post office in the locality, which is under the Mancheswar Railway Colony Post Office, has stopped delivering letters for years together. People have to go to the post office personally to collect their letters. Many people have lost important documents due to the negligence of the postal staff, they said.Expressing his helplessness in this matter too, the postmaster said, \"The area covered by our post office is huge and developing fast with a large number of private and government offices, staff quarters and residential colonies coming up in the area under our jurisdiction. Every day we receive about 2,500 to 3,000 mails, which are distributed by four postmen. I have informed higher authorities about the matter and I have no option but to wait for further orders.\"People seemed to have run out of patience though. \"We have given them an ultimatum of 15 days to resume delivery of letters in Ghadakan post office and also to discipline themselves. Else, we may intensify our agitation,\" said Pradipta Jena, another resident of Mancheswar area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164071", "title": "Rajesh Khanna likely to be awarded Padma Vibhushan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Legendary film actor late Rajesh Khanna , reputed director of Sholay fame Ramesh Sippy and singer Kailash Kher may get next year's Padma awards \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the country's prestigious civilian awards \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that will be announced on the eve of the 2013 Republic Day.The information and broadcasting ministry has recommended these three names to the home ministry for conferring the awards under the arts category.While the name of Khanna, who passed away July 18, has been recommended for Padma Vibhushan (the highest category among the Padma awards), Sippy and Kher have been recommended for Padma Shri.Though the Padma awards are usually not conferred posthumously, there is an indication that the government could consider Khanna's case as \"highly deserving\", and honour him with Padma Vibhushan by making an exception.The rule says that the government can consider the highly deserving case \"if the demise of the person proposed to be honoured has been within a period of one year preceding the Republic Day on which it is proposed to announce the award\".Government had made such exception in the past. Music director and singer Bhupen Hazarika, who had passed away last year, was conferred with Padma Vibhushan posthumously in 2012.Khanna, who was also Congress MP from New Delhi constituency from 1992 to 1996, was never given the Padma award in his lifetime, whereas most of his contemporaries, including Dharmendra, Dev Anand, Shashi Kapoor, Amitabh Bachchan, Dilip Kumar, Hema Malini and Waheeda Rehman, had got one or the other category of the Padma award over the years.Similarly, film producer and director Ramesh Sippy (65), too, would be a late entrant of the Padma hall of fame, if the government finally selects him for this award. A number of film producers and directors of his generation has been conferred with the Padma awards through the years.The final decision will be taken by the Padma Awards Committee, which is to be constituted by the Prime Minister. The recommendations made by the seven or eight-member panel will be submitted to the Prime Minister and the President for their approval.Though the home ministry every year, on an average, receives around 1,000-1,200 recommendations from various ministries, state governments, chief ministers, governors and private individualsbodies, the committee usually selects nearly 110th of them under the existing rules.The total number of awards to be given in a year, under the rule, should not be more than 120 (excluding posthumous awards and to foreigners).The Padma award is given to persons from any fields of activities like art, literature and education, sports, medicine, social work, science and engineering, public affairs, civil services and trade and industry.Padma Shri is awarded for distinguished service, whereas Padma Bhushan for distinguished service of a high order, and Padma Vibhushan for exceptional and distinguished service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17165087", "title": "District Bar protests against advocate's murder", "text": "GARHWA: Members of District Bar Association, Garhwa on Friday blocked NH-75 near the civil court for about two hours in protest against the murder of an advocate who was shot dead by unidentified criminals on Thursday. The members demanded immediate arrest of the criminals who were involved in the incident. They have also given memorandum to the DC, SP, district and session judge and State Bar Council, Ranchi. Motor cycle-borne criminals had shot at Satyendra Kumar Tiwari hich hit his neck and stomach when he was sitting in his verandah after returning from the court on Thursday evening.The criminals fled from the spot after firing.The injured advocate was immediately rushed to the Garhwa Sadar Hospital from where he was referred to Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), Ranchi since his condition was critical. But he died on the way at Latehar, people taking the advocate to the hospital said.Garhwa SDM A Muthu Kumar and SDPO Shrawan Kumar, who rushed to the blockade site, assured the agitated bar members that a government job will be offered to Tiwari's wife in accordance with her qualifications.\"Reason behind the advocate's murder could not be ascertained,\" police said, adding that they are investigating the matter. \"The criminals will soon be caught,\" said Garhwa sadar police station officer-in-charge, Lileshwar Mahto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11536293", "title": "Babul has a 'jungle' at home", "text": "Singer Babul Supriyo has a room cum bar in his large house that he calls his 'Jungle Room' and it is done up with trees, creepers and perfect lights to give it a live jungle feel, writes Debarati S SenHaving a theme room in your house can really be exciting and fun, especially if you are the kind who has a creative bent of mind and loves something that is out of the ordinary. Babul Supriyo is one such person who has a distinct taste, particularly when it comes to decorating his house.Amidst the concrete jungle of the posh Lokhandwala area stands this tower where Babul stays. His duplex home is actually a cluster of four 2BHK homes totaling to around 4,000 square feet in all.He has delegated a small area in his home to a theme. \"I call it the Jungle room,\" says Babul. As soon as you enter the room you are bound to see why. The jungle room has a large tree trunk in one corner and branches from the trunk are spread over along a part of its walls.There is a huge glass window with a dark grille on one wall. The ledge of this window has a seating arrangement that holds a moderately large aquarium inside it so when you sit at the window ledge you are actually sitting on the aquarium. \"I sometimes lie down here at night. Don't worry the glass is not breakable,\" he chuckles when he notices our apprehensive looks.The tree trunk and the branches are custom made according to his specifications. \"This trunk and the branches look real. They have been made of concrete and then have been painted to give it a natural look,\" he says.Thick green foliage covers the entire ceiling. Recessed lights of various kinds and even colours, peer out of the real looking plastic leaves to lend a warm but natural and sublime glow to the room.The walls have been treated in a way that it takes on the theme of the room very well. Even the air-conditioner is coloured in such a way that it is camouflaged in the room's decor.The other wall of the room has a reasonably well-stocked mini bar. The ceiling of the bar area has been done up with special lights in such a way that it looks like the sky that has little stars shining down from it. \"This was pretty expensive when I had it installed some years back. It does lend a certain character to the bar. However, I am a teetotaller and this bar is for my friends ,\" smiles Babul simply.The floor also has been given a very interesting treatment with the use of green carpet, and glass. Interesting little decorations have been used under areas that have a glass floor giving the floor a very quaint look.A cane jhula hangs near the tree trunk. Two leather sofas are placed against one wall and two wrought iron and wood chairs adorn the other wall.The seating arrangement is complete with a small table placed near it. A door behind the chairs leads to the bathroom and another to the guest room. In one corner, high up on the wall, a small television relays the day's events. A little fountain runs right below it among the green leaves giving the room a very fresh feel.\"This area is my chill out zone,\" says Babul. \"You will not find something like this anywhere else,\" he adds with a hint of pride in his melodious voice.debarati.sen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164647", "title": "Speed post to Goa takes 4 days, department fined 40,000", "text": "CHENNAI: The District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum (Chennai - South) has directed the Department of Posts to pay Rs 40,000 for delay in delivery of a speed post parcel that resulted in rejection of a petitioner's tender application.The bench comprising president V Gopal and member U L Deenadayalan passed the order on Friday rejecting the Department of Posts' contention that the delay in delivery of the speed post parcel \"had occurred due to the unexpected climatic change, an act of God.\" \"This has not been proved by the postal department with documentary evidence. So, we are of the opinion that there is deficiency in service on the part of the postal department,\" said V Gopal. The fine shall be paid within six weeks of the date of receipt of copy of the order failing which the amount shall carry an interest of 9% per annum till the date of payment, the order said.According to the petitioner, Ashok U Samat of Anna Salai, he sent a parcel by speed post by paying Rs 57 on June 3, 2008 from the head post office on Anna Salai. It contained a tender application was addressed to the deputy general manager, Airports Authority of India, Goa.The petitioner said he sent the application through speed post only after an assurance from the postal department that it would reach its destination in two days. The last date to submit tender applications was June 6, 2008.On June 9, the AAI returned the tender document along with a letter saying it had received the application on June 7. The complainant could not participate in the tender process due to deficiency in service of the Department of Posts, the forum order said.The petitioner sent a letter on June 11 asking for an explanation and the postal department, in its reply, gave details of movement of tender documents between Chennai and Goa. The details revealed that the documents lay at Panaji (Goa's capital) between June 4 and 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17165526", "title": "'Peacock dance' to light up sky", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This Diwali, firecrackers in the market promise more visual delight than noise pollution! However, those in the business say that prices have zoomed by 15-20 per cent, leading to people buying less but different varieties.Makeshift cracker markets have come up at different places in the city showcasing an array of crackers which will light up the skies on Diwali and following festival days. Promising a visual treat are crackers which will conjure up the image of a dancing peacock in the sky.\"This is the most sought after cracker with people who like to see crackers light up Diwali night\", said Bhavin Lavingiya, a wholesale dealer in the walled city. Other crackers in demand are 'Miami nights', and `Moonstar'.Lavingiya said that a cracker called 'Jumping Frog' which leaps like a frog when lighted is especially popular with young kids. Disco-flooring is also popular apart from the all time favourite crackers like 555 bomb and rockets.Cracker-sellers said that there is less influx of buyers from the villagers this time probably because of the Election Commission (EC) crackdown on people carrying cash over a certain limit. Devang Choksi, another wholesale seller of firecrackers said that this year people are avoiding buying Chinese crackers as their quality is highly compromised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17165262", "title": "Firecrackers' market waits for buyers", "text": "PATNA: Diwali is so near yet the customers of firecrackers are so far from the shops with piles of 'phuljhadis', 'anaars', 'rockets' and 'chakris'. The salesmen on the counter are sitting with glum faces, waiting for customers to turn up. Even those who walk in, only survey their goods and leave with promises to come again. For the shop owners, business has been dull this season till date, a phenomenon they attribute to inflation and, they aren't very hopeful with the festival of lights round the corner.Sikandar Alam, a firecracker seller at Pashchim Darwaza, Patna City, said, \"Business has been very low till now and we don't expect much this season. Compared to last year, there has been no business at all.\" Asked if the prices of firecrackers had also shot up, he said, \"The prices of crackers still remain the same but the footfalls have reduced considerably.\"While sparklers or 'phuljhadis' start from Rs 10 per box, flower pots or 'anaar' begin at Rs 50 per box, rockets start shooting from Rs 90 per box and 'chakris' move from Rs 100 per box. Sanjeev Kumar , another firecracker seller in Patna City area, said, \"Business has not been as usual this year.\" Asked about some of the firecrackers fancied by children, Kumar replied, \"Kids mostly like sparklers and rockets.\"An occasional 'boom' here and a 'baam' there have started the Diwali feeling filling the air. The firecracker manufacturers have given interesting names to their products. Krishna and classic bombs remain old favourites, 'Golden Willow', 'Sweet sixteen', 'Whistling wheel', 'Penta skyflash', '15 Star', 'Star night' and 'Super star' and some of the new arrivals on the block.Manufacturers have printed popular film personalities on the cracker boxes to attract movie buffs. While Kareena Kapoor , Asin and Priyanka Chopra are all put on display, Sonakshi Sinha's 'Patna ki phuljhadi' on the lines of her song from movie 'Rowdy Rathore' is expected to make waves this season.Ashok Kumar Yadav, another firecracker seller at Pashchim Darwaza, said, \"Crackers are just another way to celebrate happiness but this year the sale has been low so far. The crackers prices range from Rs 10 to Rs 10,000. People in the city have the purchasing power, but they are yet to come out and buy.\"Few of the major attractions of his shop are 'Shaadi ki rangoli' and 'Dance and dance'. Hopefully some more crackers would sell during the 'lagan' (wedding season), he said.Firecracker sellers also attribute the dip in sales to environment awareness campaigns. They claim that it has also hampered their business as people have become eco-friendly and don't want to cause pollution.Asked about last year's hot-favourites 'Anna', 'Laden' and 'Nitish' bombs, the cracker sellers told TOI that such names are only gimmicks to lure more customers, mainly children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17162522", "title": "Release of Raju Nayak's book on mining", "text": "'Khandak', a book on mining in Goa, authored by journalist Raju Nayak will be released on November 10, at 6pm at the Pharmacy College hall, Panaji. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who will be the chief guest, and mining activist Claude Alvares will release the book at the function. The book, a collection of essays, interviews and write-ups on activists, scientists and stakeholders in the mining industry has been grouped into 50 chapters. Published by Padmagandha Prakashan, Pune, 'Khandak' dwells on various issues pertaining to the industry following the emergence of China as a major importer of iron ore from Goa. The event will also feature a group discussion featuring Alvares along with Ramesh Gauns, Rajendra Kakodkar, Nilesh Gaonkar, advocate Cleofato Coutinho Almeida and iron ore exporter Haresh Melvani. Journalist Pramod Acharya will moderate the discussion.Super speciality consultation at Menezes Polyclinic: Dr Jose Vicente Silva, MD, a distinguished consultant urologist at Roosevelt - St Luke's, New York, USA, and Dr Maria Araujo, MD - chief of rehab medicine at Montefiore Med Center, professor of physical medicine and rehab at New York Medical College, USA, will give consultations at the Menezes Polyclinic, Altinho-Panaji, on November 15 from 10am onwards. For details and appointments contact Sapna Amonkar (Ph: 2225918, 2220237) between 9am and 1pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "17163451", "title": "Tea garden workers seek nod to die", "text": "JALPAIGURI: Reeling under immense financial burden and lack of facilities, 15 workers of the closed Dheklapara tea estate have written to chief minister Mamata Banerjee , seeking permission to end their lives. Of these 15 persons, 12 are nearing 60 years and hence not eligible to get benefits of the FAWLOI (Financial Assistance to Workers of Locked out Industries) scheme. The remaining three are not enlisted for the scheme.To get rid of the haplessness of life, 15 workers of the closed Dheklapara tea estate have written to the chief minister asking permission for committing suicide. Of the 15 applicants, 12 are near sixty years of age and are no more eligible to get the monetary support from the FAWLOI scheme whereas the remaining three are not enlisted for it.Seventeen-year-old Sima Oraon is one of the applicants. Sima studied till Class IX but had to drop out after her father could not afford to pay for her studies. After the garden was closed down, her mother died of malnutrition. With two younger brothers to look after, Sima and her father now work at the riverbeds to earn their livelihood.\"It has been more than 10 years that our garden is closed and little has been done to resume operations. If the other closed gardens can reopen, why can't ours? We have been left foodless, literally. In such a condition how can we live? This has driven us to write to the CM seeking permission to die,\" she said.During the early days of the lockout, the tea garden workers would sell green leaves to earn money. But gradually, leaf production decreased owing to lack of irrigation and fertilizer. Now, barely 300 kg of leaves are generated a day, with each kg being sold at Rs 7 - Rs 8. There are nearly 2000 people living in the garden and the money they get from selling tea leaves is not sufficient.Most of the 603 tea garden workers earn their livelihood as daily labourers on the Reti and Dimdima riverbanks. They toil hard but get only Rs 40 a day which is not enough for a man to feed his family. tnnSome others fetch firewood from the adjoining Dalgaon and Reti forests to earn money.The workers receive no facilities of driking water, electricity, medical assistance or food. Such was their financial condition that they had to sell their household belongings to buy food. When all their resources exhausted, they fed on roots. Starvation and malnutrition have also resulted in many deaths.But their plight has failed to move the administration. The monetary support provided is too meagre to bring smiles to their faces.Trade unions, administrative officials and planters, so far, have played a very limited role in facilitating the reopening of the tea estate, adding to the woes of those living in the gardens.With no end in sight, workers have been forced to seek permission to die.Since closed, the owners have abandoned the gardens leaving the workers to fight with misery, haplessness and despair every day. They are people whom festivals fail to make happy and joyous. They are people who were left no other option but to rue their sorrow on seeing their near and dear ones dying one after another due to starvation and malnutrition.The workers of these gardens had to sell out their household belongings to buy their families food and when nothing remained they could sell, they also fed on roots, which only expedited deterioration of their health conditions.Jobless 600 workers, inadequate drinking water, no electricity, no medical assistance and lack of food - this is how one can best define the garden. Several youths and girls have already left the gardens in search of work. Some work as daily labourers in the nearby hamlets. The administration does provide the residents with some pecuniary schemes like the FAWLOI (Financial Assistance to Workers of Locked out Industries), AAY and SGRY, but those were never enough to bring back smile on the faces of the hapless workers.Trade unions, administrative officials and planters, so far, have played a very limited role in facilitating the reopening of the tea estate and this has actually added to the woes of the people living in distress. There were another 14 tea estates which were closed. But all those have reopened increasing impatience of these workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17165048", "title": "Citizens prefer Chinese lights this Diwali", "text": "KANPUR: This Diwali, citizens can decorate their house in Chinese lights which are available in shapes of flowers and fruits in the markets. The markets are flooded with lights from the land of dragons, which has affected the old world charm of the Indian-made 'jhallars'. These colourful and cheap options are coming in various shapes and sizes to give perfect look to your house in low power consumption.Chinese decorations are not only confined to lights. Markets are also offering Chinese rangoli, showpieces and flowers in a wide range. Even the shopkeepers are happily selling the Chinese items which have taken over the Indian lights and traditional decorative items. The reason being Chinese items are cheaper. The other prominent reason with Chinese lights is that they consume less power and are shockproof.The in demand designer LED bulbs are available at Rs 30 per piece while the set of four crystal balls for Rs 150. Ganesh showpiece with LED lights range from Rs 150 to Rs 300. The Chinese lamps cost between Rs 50 and Rs 100 only. \"Illuminating the house with decorative lights and lamps is one of the most important part of decoration and celebration,\" said Sachin who was busy searching for the best deal of Chinese decorative items at Meston road.He added that the Indian lights are very ordinary in shape. \"When it comes to decorative lights, people prefer to go the Chinese way. There is at least one new item in the market every year,\" said Manoj Singh, owner of an electrical shop at Meston Road.He added that the Chinese lights are available in various forms, among which the pipe light (Rs 70 per meter) and chip lights (Rs 660 per five meters) are most common. Also huge star light (Rs 150), heart light (Rs 150), peacock wing (Rs 175), 'swastik' (Rs 160) and Om (Rs 150) (all of LED lights) are the other lights which are high in demand.\"I have already sold hundreds of such LED pieces till now and in the days to comem, I expect to sell more,\" said Sanjay Singh, another shopkeeper at Chauk Market.\"The only thing Indian about the Chinese lights is their interesting names. There is 'magic' light that exhibits a change in colour every minute. 'Damru lights' with countless mini bulbs in a row is another attraction. These lights can be bought at Rs 60 per piece (per piece includes near about 40 bulbs). The four in one 'Crystal gola' exhibits various hues of red, green, orange, and blue,\" informed Abdul, a light shop owner at Birhana Road. Other varieties available in the market include 'Flower jaal' and 'Pearl strip' that can be combined with the rope lights to cover an entire building.NCR to run Diwali special trainThe authorities of North Central Railways have decided to run a Diwali special train between Allahabad and Anand Vihar Terminus. The train would pass through Kanpur Central railway station. Passengers who have waitlisted tickets, despite booking berths in advance, will be accommodate.The Diwali special will pass through Fatehpur, Kanpur and Ghaziabad railway stations to reach Anand Vihar Terminus. It will start its journey from Allahabad. This train will be on tracks from November 14, 16 and 18. From Anand Vihar Terminus, it will bear train number 04118 and leave this terminus on November 15, 17, and 19. It will have two second AC, two third AC, and five sleeper coaches.Chief public relations officer, NCR, Sandeep Mathur informed that a special train between Patna railway station and Anand Vihar Terminus. The special train will run three days in a week. It will bear train number 03209/03210 Patna-Anand Vihar Terminus and will pass through Buxar, Mughalsarai, Mirzapur, Allahabad, Fatehpur, Kanpur, and Etawah.While train number 03209 will be on tracks from November 10, 12, 14, 17, 19, 21, 24, 26, 28, and December 1, 3, 5, 8, and 10, train number 03210 from Anand Vihar Terminus will be on tracks from November 11, 13, 15, 18, 20, 22, 25, 27, 29, and December 2, 4, 6, 9, and 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164761", "title": "348 nursing colleges in Maharashtra could face closure", "text": "PUNE: The fate of 348 nursing colleges in the state not affiliated to the Indian Nursing Council (INC) hangs in the balance after the state government appealed to the high court to shut them down.The medical education department had presented an affidavit regarding this issue to the Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court on November 3.Pravin Shingare, director, state directorate of medical education and research, said the future of these colleges would only be clear in the next hearing, scheduled to take place at the end of the month.The Maharashtra Nursing Council had given permission to 422 institutes to run nursing courses without the permission of the state government or the Indian Nursing Council, the apex body for regulation of nursing courses in the country.In August, the high court had directed the government to probe the legality of these 422 institutes and what would happen to those students studying in the colleges that were found illegal.Replying to the court's directive, the state had, on November 3, filed an affidavit to shut down 348 nursing colleges. These colleges conduct a three-and-half-year general nursing and midwifery (GNM) course, and a two-year auxiliary nurse and midwife (ANM) course.\"For any nursing institute to run these courses, permission of the state government and affiliation of the INC is mandatory,\" Shingare said.In the inspection carried out by the medical education department, it was found that of the 422 institutes, which were given permission by the Maharashtra Nursing Council in 2011-12 academic year, only 41 had permission to conduct an ANM course and 25 institutes had the permission to conduct GNM courses. \"The rest of the institutes were running these courses based on the approval of the Maharashtra Nursing Council, alone. Hence, the 348 institutes (211 offering the ANM course and 137 offering the GNM course) stand illegal in the state,\" Shingare said.When contacted, Ramling Mali, president, Maharashtra Nursing Council, said the council would wait for the next date of hearing by the high court before deciding on a further course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17162598", "title": "I-League: AI take on East Bengal sans coach", "text": "PUNE: Air India take on East Bengal at the Balewadi Stadium in Pune, on Saturday in a fixture that will be dominated by the absence of the Mumbai team's coach, Godfrey Pereira who hasn't travelled with the side after their 4-2 win over ONGC in New Delhi last week.Pereira, who led Air India to a famous Durand Cup win before the I-League kicked off, is said to have skipped the trip over lack of clarity on his contract as coach which means assistant coach Anthony Fernandes will be the man at the helm in the key game against the Kolkata side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162479", "title": "Fresh setback to Santa Cruz-Chembur road over shrine location", "text": "MUMBAI: A local Mumbai court in an interim order has asked authorities to maintain status quo over a masjid coming in the way of the much-delayed Santa Cruz-Chembur Link Road (SCLR). Hearing an application by the Jamat-ul-Muslimeen trust, the city civil court scheduled the matter over the Tilak Nagar masjid for further hearing on November 20.The Rs 550-crore SCLR project is a proposed 6.45 km road that will connect Santa Cruz to Chembur. The project commenced in 2003 and has a revised deadline seen many delays, with the completion date now revised toof October 2013. It was proposed that the masjid, which was coming in the way of the project, be shifted to a nearby location. Priya Constructions built a new masjid on a nearby plot of land belonging to Mhada, but the trust claims that the new masjid doesn't have a no-objection certificate from Mhada and other permissions.Refusing to move into the \"unauthorized\" new masjid, the trust challenged the eviction notices issued to it, the latest one in October 2012. The trust claimed that since the new masjid did not have the requisite permissions, it could face demolition and they would also be required to pay penalties, and not be eligible for property tax rebates. The trust has urged the court to quash the eviction notices and stop authorities from forcibly evicting them unless all the permissions for the new masjid are in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17165165", "title": "HC grants bail to East Champaran lawyer", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Friday granted bail to a lawyer of East Champaran district court, Narendra Dev, who was arrested by the police for allegedly misbehaving with a woman judicial magistrate, Sangita Rani, interfering with her judicial work and violating the provisions of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes Act.A single bench of Justice P C Verma granted bail to the lawyer on personal bond and directed him to tender an apology to the judicial magistrate failing which steps would be taken for cancellation of his bail.The judicial magistrate had submitted a written complaint to the district judge regarding the alleged misbehaviour by Dev. The district judge had sent her complaint to the police for lodging an FIR. According to high court sources, the district judge had also informed the Patna high court administration about the incident.Prior to the court granting bail to Dev, the high court lawyers had abstained from court work in the first session and part of the second session at the call of the coordination committee of three associations of lawyers of the high court expressing concern that a single bench had not heard his bail petition on Thursday on technical ground.During abstention from court work, a good number of lawyers had proceeded towards the court of Justice Akhilesh Chandra who transferred the hearing of the bail petition from his court to another bench.Thereafter, the coordination committee members, led by its chairman, Yogesh Chandra Verma, went into the chamber of Justice P C Verma as he was the senior most judge present in the high court on Friday and urged that bail be granted to Dev, who was behind the bars for about a month. Thereafter, Dev's bail petition was placed before Justice Verma in his chamber and he granted him bail with a condition to apologize to the magistrate.The coordination committee chairman, Verma, told TOI that earlier he had met the East Champaran district judge and the judicial magistrate concerned to end the bitterness between the bench and the bar. Verma said the district judge and the concerned judicial magistrate had replied in affirmative to his plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163131", "title": "Heal diabetic feet with oxygen therapy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Diabetic patients suffering from chronic foot ulcers can now avoid amputation. Doctors claim administration of anti-diabetic medicines combined with oxygen therapy can promote healing.In hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT) launched at Fortis C-Doc Diabetes and Allied Disorders Hospital on Friday, patients are made to breathe 100 per cent oxygen under high atmospheric pressure.According to Dr Anoop Misra, chairman of the centre, they get two to three cases of diabetic foot weekly. \"Some of them had to undergo amputation to check the spread of infection. But with the new therapy we can hope to save them from the trauma of losing a limb,\" Misra said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167818", "title": "Call me Dave Khan: Dave Callan", "text": "Making people laugh is not an easy job. But when you have ace comedian Dave Callan on stage mouthing witty oneliners, grooving to B-town numbers and even crooning to some desi songs, you have no choice but to laugh out loud. The Australian performer, who was recently in the city for a performance, finds India amusing. \"I think this is the only place where you can see four people on a scooter!\" he laughs, adding, \"People here are warm and friendly. There is so much to learn and get inspired by,\" says Dave. Having started his career in radio, Dave later moved on to television and turned into a full-fledged performer. \"Humour has always been a part of me. My shows on television and radio were on the funny side and the process of becoming a standup performer was organic,\" he says. So where does his inspiration lie? \"Anything that makes me laugh inspires me. Everyday people and conversations with friends and family also give me ideas to better myself as a performer. However, I really admire Billy Connolly's performances. Being one of the most influential standup comedians, Billy's set is constantly evolving,\" says Dave. Often called Danger Dave, his performances have an interesting mix of stunts and martial arts. \"I am a huge fan of Jackie Chan and love the way he marries comedy with martial arts. Having watched several of his movies, I try to imitate some of his stunts and incorporate them in my performances,\" he says. Dave says he's floored by Bollywood actors. \"My favourite is Salman Khan ,\" he quips, adding, \"I loved his role as a cop in Dabangg. In all his movies, he is portrayed as someone who is masculine, strong and that's what I like about him. I am even planning to change my name to Dave Khan.\" Dave, who is currently shooting for the Australian comedy film Reverse Runner, says he'd love to do a Bollywood film someday. \"Movies here have a great mix of action, romance and comedy, which is quite rare in Hollywood films. I'd love to do a film with Shah Rukh Khan or Salman Khan,\" he says. Dave is also impressed with some of the Indian standup comedy acts that he saw during his visit to India. \"I attended a comedy night in Mumbai and was quite impressed with the acts I saw. Some of them even had interesting facts and news in their comic acts, which made the overall performance interesting to watch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17164837", "title": "Himachal: Green activists ready debate agenda for new House", "text": "SHIMLA: With the election din over, activists opposing the setting up of more cement plants and mega hydro projects in the state, and garnering support for protecting the Himalayan environment and an eco-sustainable development model, have set forth an agenda for debate in the new assembly that is yet to be constituted.\"Mega dams, large hydroelectric projects, chemical industries, cement and mining for lime stone should be put in the red list and banned,\" says Guman Singh, coordinator at Himalaya Niti Abhiyan (HNA), an umbrella organization of civil society activists and green NGO's.Drawing attention of political parties through the campaign to environmental concerns, Singh adds, \"It was first time that land grab, displacement and destruction of eco-systems were raised in the election debate. Though we had tried to push these issues, they did not form part of the main political debate.\"Pointing out the case of 3 million tonne per annum capacity Alsindi cement plant, proposed to be set up along Satluj river close to thickly inhabited townships of Tatapani and Sunni by French conglomerate Lafarge, Ganga Singh Thakur, a lawyer and activist who is part of HNA says, \"Such a plant in close vicinity of our farm and orchard lands would be a disaster to the clean and green valley.\"Spelling out a regional development agenda for Himachal and neighbouring Himalayan region, HNA has sought mountain specific planning approaches to address geological, ecological, protection to local livelihoods and economic development issues in a sustainable manner.\"Facing the onslaught of an unwarranted industrial package,\" Singh says, adding, \"instead a green development package should be provided to the Himalayan region so that it can sustain its capacities to regenerate eco-services that it provides to downstream regions.\"Demanding that the Himalayan region be declared as eco sensitive zone, the green organization has sought from the new assembly, which would only come into being after the poll results are declared on December 20, a paradigm shift in policy for safeguarding the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17165024", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcRe 1 hike ok\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The issue regarding the hike in canteen and mess prices at the PU seems far from being over.\"We asked the authorities to strike a compromise at Rs 23.5 and Rs 25 in girls and boys hostels, respectively, for a meal, which is Re 1 more than what we had been paying. But any hike beyond a rupee can not be compromised upon,\" said Sachinder Pal, general secretary of Students For Society (SFS), a student body at PU.SFI and SFS have been joined by other student bodies of PU except the student council, which gave a nod to the hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17165791", "title": "Illegal cracker vendors to face police fireworks", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It is time for city police to crack the whip on cracker vendors and manufacturers who sell and prepare fireworks producing noise beyond the permissible sound limit.While police have given permission to around 620 people to open cracker shops in the city, around thirty authorized cracker manufacturing centres exist in Jatni, Balipatna and Balianta areas under the commissionerate police.\"We have formed squads to crack the whip on errant cracker vendors. We will conduct random checks on shops and check the sound-level of crackers and explosives. The offenders will be penalized under Odisha Urban Police Act,\" DCP Nitinjit Singh said on Friday.The Orissa State Pollution Control Board (OSPCB) too has urged police to crackdown on illegal cracker manufacturing units. \"If police start taking action against the manufacturers, it will create a sense of fear among other sellers,\" said OSPCB's senior environmental scientist Dilip Kumar Behera.A study by the pollution control board during Diwali last year indicated that the noise-level was way above permissible limits owing to bursting of earsplitting crackers. Against the standard limit of 55 decibel in residential areas, the noise level in the city during last Diwali hovered over the 85-mark in day time and touched nearly 95 during the night. In the silence zone of Capital Hospital, where the standard sound limit should be restricted to 50 decibel in day time and 40 in night, the noise level increased to 70 during day and 68 in night.The air pollution level too rose exponentially during last Diwali. The OSPCB had installed respiratory dust sample equipment and sound level meter instruments at a few places in the city to check air quality and noise pollution level. The survey was conducted \"during\" as well \"prior\" to the Diwali celebrations to read the differences. Respiratory suspended particulate matter (RSPM) increased to 220 microgram meter cub (g/m3) last Diwali from 208 g/m3 recorded in 2010 in Nayapally area. The standard RSPM is 100 g/m3. The level of fine particles in air rose to nearly 400 g/m3 in 2011 from 334 g/m3 in 2010 in IRC Village.\"The level of sulphur dioxide (SO2) and Nitrogen oxide (NOx) also registered stiff increase during last Diwali compared to the year before that,\" Behera said, adding that this happened despite a series of campaigns and awareness programmes by the pollution control board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17164969", "title": "For Chandigarh: 100 more AC radio cabs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The airconditioned radio cab service in the city is set to get a fillip with the UT administration deciding to add 100 more cabs to the existing fleet. Balbir Singh Dhol, secretary of the State Transport Authority, said two companies will be roped in and the only problem is that one of these has sought introduction of the vehicles in two phases.\"The addition of more cabs will go a long way in making the service more popular in the city,\" he said.With the UT administration turning down requests to hike cab fare several times in the past and poor business due to increase in per capita ratio of private vehicles in the city, two operators have already pulled out. There are, meanwhile, no takers for the non-AC taxi project even four years after it was announced. The decision not to allow display advertisements on the vehicles had initially kept the operators at bay.The fare for the service has already been finalized \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 12 for the first kilometer and Rs 9 subsequently. The AC radio taxis charge a uniform rate of Rs 20 and the new service was meant to introduce some healthy competition.\"The proposal was finalised to introduce low cost petrol, diesel, LPG, CNG or battery operated non-AC taxis in the city, but the condition to put advertisements on the vehicles was rejected by the finance department , which resulted in the operators backing out,\" confided an official.\"Only new vehicles will be allowed that will be phased out after five years. These will be linked through a modern communication system with a control room maintained by the operators. The taxis will also be fitted with electronic meter,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "17165163", "title": "Fall of Nitish govt is certain: Lalu Prasad", "text": "ARARIA: Describing chief minister Nitish Kumar as the last king of the Nanda dynasty, Dhananand, RJD supremo Lalu Prasad said here that the fall of the NDA government was certain in view of the growing unrest among the people in general and the contractual teachers, labourers, unemployed youth and Dalits in particular. \"I do not want the dismissal of Nitish government nor imposition of President's rule, but a change through janandolan. Nitish has miserably failed in meeting the expectations of the people. Nitish is sailing in a sinking boat,\" said Lalu while addressing mediapersons here.Terming the recent 'Adhikar' rally of JD-U as a hoax, Lalu said that Nitish knows that special status can be granted only on the recommendation of the NDC of which all the chief ministers are members, yet he is befooling the people. Special status cannot be granted either by the PM or deputy chairman, Planning Commission, Montek Singh Ahluwalia, alone. There are five conditions which a state must meet to get special category state status, the RJD chief said. Nitish had opposed the demand for grant of special status to Bihar when he was a railway minister.\"Bribery for every work done at local police stations and blocks has become the order of the day. Nitish is openly supporting Munna Shukla of Muzaffarpur and Ranbir Yadav of Khagaria,\" he said. \"You cannot get even a single work done in any office of Bihar until you offer bribe. MPs and MLAs have become irrelevant in their own areas,\" he said adding bureaucracy reigns supreme in Bihar.Commenting on the implementation of National Rural Health Mission in Bihar, the RJD chief said uterus of 50,000 women had been removed forcibly in the state, while a woman has been shown becoming a mother thrice in a year for getting subsidy.Commenting on Nitish Kumar's Pakistan visit, Lalu said Bihar's CM is touring foreign nations as his time is running out (Bidai ka samay aa gaya hai isliye ghumne phirne laga hai). Later on addressing public meeting at Netaji stadium, Lalu made a scathing attack on the style of functioning of Nitish Kumar's government adding the Araria DM was not being transferred despite completing three years while honest IPS officers like Shivdeep Lande was transferred from Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "17165237", "title": "Pakistan must apologize for '71 genocide: Bangladesh", "text": "DHAKA: Bangladesh on Friday demanded a formal apology from Pakistan for the genocide committed by its troops during the 1971 liberation war, but Islamabad said it's time to carry forward ties \"burying the past\".During a meeting with her Pakistani counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar , foreign minister Dipu Moni said, \"Bangladesh expects an apology from Pakistan for the genocide carried out by their troops in 1971\". Pakistan foreign secretary Quayes said that since 1974 Islamabad has \"at different times and different manners expressed its regret for the 1971 incidents\". \"She (Khar) said it is now time to proceed forward burying the past,\" Quayes added.Khar, the first Pakistani minister to visit Dhaka since Awami League took office three years ago, invited PM Sheikh Hasina to attend the Developing-8 Summit in Islamabad on November 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17163307", "title": "Amanishah land was sold at behest of JDA, JMC: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of high court on Friday came down heavily on the manner in which encroachments were allowed on Amanishah nullah. These (encroachments) were the result of active collusion of JDA and JMC officials with the colonisers, the bench observed.\"Nullah land was sold at the behest of government officials especially JDA and the corporation. This is a self-created problem by both the authorities and we fail to understand when a substantial encroachment has been removed then why there is a hitch in removing the remaining encroachments now. The reasons are obvious and we do not wish to make any harsher comments,\" warned chief justice Mishra.The court's comments came after an argument was raised on Friday during the hearing by RP Singh additional advocate general that there are certain problems which are coming in the way to implement court's order to remove encroachment.\"Every year there is water-logging and drains are encroached upon. Colonisers are allowed to commit criminal offence by selling nullah land and no action has been taken for years,\"observed bench.The bench also looked at Google satellite maps of 2001 and 2011 filed by the JDA counsel. \"Even a cursory look at Google maps reveal that our preliminary observations are not unfounded. Huge number of encroachments took place in the last 10 years. We are not satisfied with the hyper technical approach adopted by the state government,\" said the Chief Justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17165026", "title": "Manipal team's winged robot wins laurels", "text": "MANGALORE: Manipal Institute of Technology (MIT) graduates have bagged NASSCOM Budding Engineering Innovation (NBEI) Award 2012 for designing a Flapping Wing Robot (FWR), an electro-mechanical bird that flies by flapping its wings.FWR designed by aeronautical engineering graduates Nishant Jain and Isha Atreja is capable of flapping its wings like bats and birds. It also performs various flight exercises.Nishant and Isha, who passed out from MIT in July, 2012, had spent nearly Rs 60,000 from their own purse to develop FWR. They told told TOI that the NBEI award ceremony held in Pune in September was a significant milestone in their life. \"The FWR belongs to the class of UAVs (Unmanned Aerial Vehicles).A unique feature of FWR is that, its wings produce both lift and thrust so as to keep it airborne and propel forward. This eliminates the need of using any separate thrust production mechanism thereby making it very lightweight in comparison to fixed-wing UAVs,\" Nishant explained adding that they have named it as Flyingspur.\"The flapping mechanism that we designed is a simplified variant of the complex biological wing. We have developed a 129gm and 927mm wingspan monoplane configuration. It is quite portable and can be controlled by using a remote controller. The portal FWR can be separated into three parts and can be taken anywhere. It consists of four subsystems including flapping wing, tail, battery and flight control system. The skeleton of Flyingspur is made up of carbon fibre rods and plates which make it quite sturdy and reliable,\" he said adding that the prototype is capable of flying at a low altitude.They recalled that they had dedicated about two to three hours a day for the project. \"We are in the process of improving the prototype. We will apply for a patent for the model once it is modified,\" he said. MIT aeronautical and automobile engineering department associate professor B Satish Shenoy was their guide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17164324", "title": "As Diwali nears, Indoreans are gripped in shopping fever", "text": "INDORE: The festive mood seems to have the city under its spell; people can be seen thronging the local markets and malls to shop for Diwali. And shelling money for the festival be it for clothes, gadgets, jewellery or a car doesn't seem to worry the enthusiastic Indoreans.\"I am here with my husband; I am helping him choose clothes for Diwali. It's his turn to shop today as I am done with my shopping already\" said an insurance adviser, Meena Thakkar.Talking about gifts she said \"I gifted my son a PSP and a watch, while I have planned to gift my husband with a ring or a bracelet may be; and I am expecting a better gift in return\" she said.\"I am here exploring the stores with my son and husband,\" said homemaker Geeta Parihar, telling us about her preparations.'' She said \"like every year we have our house cleaned and tidied up for Diwali. Sweets and other delicacies like Mathri ,Gujhiya, Khurma are being prepared at home.Soniya Soni with her friend Monica Arora was shopping for the festival and seemed enjoying every bit of their shopping exercise \"We both work in Indore and stay in a hostel here. The shopping gets us in the festive mood. I plan to buy something very traditional to wear on the night of Diwali this year\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167715", "title": "Music to me is life: DJ Jasmeet", "text": "DJ Jasmeet believes that music is an artistic form of expressionYour favourite bathroom number? This one's tough! Probably some Govinda number! When do you listen to music? All the time! Being a DJ, I need to be updated with music all the time. What kind of music do you like listening to? I like listening to my music, considering I am a DJ. I also prefer listening to soothing and slow ballads. One of my favourite artists is Adele , and love listening to her songs. What musical instrument do you play or would like to learn? I started learning how to play the keyboard and stopped halfway through. If given a chance, I would like to re-start my keyboard classes. Your favourite singer? It has to be Adele! And of course, Madonna , who has been my all-time favourite. A song that holds special meaning for you? Nothing specific, but since I've grown up listening to Michael Jackson, I love all his songs. What's playing on your mp3 player at the moment? Skyfall by Adele. A music icon you would love to meet and why? Madonna, considering she's one of my all-time favourites. Music to you is Life... it's an artistic form of expression The one voice that speaks to you is Michael Jackson and U2 The song you work out to? I generally work out to house music. They set in the mood and give the right energy. The song you cry to? I Follow Rivers by Lykke Li  The song/album that makes you nostalgic? Thriller by Michael Jackson If you could, you would like to sing a duet with Timbaland... I'd love to rap with him!Contributed by - Mehek Shah", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17164908", "title": "11-yr-old gang raped in Bhiwani village", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An 11-year-girl was allegedly gangraped by three youths at Mehda village of Dadri subdivision on Bhiwani district on Thursday night. Police on Friday registered a case of kidnapping and gang rape against the accused, identified as Ravinder alias Kalia and Krishan, and their unidentified accomplice at Sadar police station of Dadri.DSP Vijender Singh said a medical examination of the victim was done at the civil hospital.According to the complaint lodged by the victim's father, the girl, student of class VII, had been missing from her house and had called her elder sister from the mobile phone of one of the accused on Friday morning, asking her pick her up from Jui village of the district. \"Investigation revealed that the accused had kidnapped the victim on their bike,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17168228", "title": "25k autos, 15k taxis with new e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: The number of autos with new recalibrated e-meters has crossed the 25,000 mark while the number of taxis with the new meters is nearing the 15,000 mark, RTO sources said. The RTO officials are ensuring that every auto and taxi is properly checked and the e-meters are tested on the tracks. \"The recalibrated e-meters will not require any tariff card at all. It is tamper proof and will show exact fares,'' an official said.He further stated that the minimum fare in an auto will be displayed as Rs 15 while it will be Rs 19 in a taxi. It is easy to check your fares in these new e-meters. For travelling a minimum distance of 1.5 km, the auto will display a fare of 15 kms. You can check both the distance travelled and the fare on two separate screens on the e-meter. There is a third parameter called waiting time, which will be flashed in minutes and seconds format. The waiting charge is Rs 1 per minute for autos and Rs 1.23 per minute for taxis. The calculation of your fare would be as follows -- first check the distance travelled and multiply it by Rs 9.87 for autos, and then add the waiting charge to it (Rs 1 per minute of waiting). This will be the final fare which you need to pay the driver.You can cross-check your calculation with the final fare displayed on the meter. For taxis, you need to multiply the distance travelled by Rs 12.35 and then add the waiting charge (Rs 1.23 per minute).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163374", "title": "Snatch-and-shoot case: Cops yet to track down culprits", "text": "KOLKATA: Police top brass may have instructed the officers in the district to arrest the culprits \"at any cost\", but the latter is yet to make any breakthrough in Sonarpur's snatch-and-shoot case. The South 24-Parganas police are searching for two persons with criminal antecedents who have gone missing from their homes since the shooting on Thursday.However, the city police have arrested two criminals whose snatching spree had unleashed panic in south Kolkata. On Friday, the cops picked up Abdul Rehman alias Nausad and Mohammed Sahnawaz Khan alias Tinku from their Ekbalpore homes. Police got information on the duo from Faiyaz Ahmed, who was held for snatching a chain on Allenby Road last Monday.\"So far, we have come to know that they were involved in at least two snatching cases - one on Asutosh Mukherjee Road on October 24 and the other on Elgin Road on October 29. We are interrogating them to ascertain which other snatching cases they were involved in,\" said joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh. These men used to raid various neighbourhoods in south Kolkata to look for easy targets.Earlier, police had arrested another bike-gang member Biswajit Samanta alias Badsha. Police are investigating whether they were involved in some recent snatchings in south Kolkata. However, many feel there is still a long way to go before police can say they have identified the gang. The cops have to find the guns that were used and the chains snatched.The bike gang has struck terror in well known residential localities of south Kolkata that have never known crime, let alone hit-and-run attacks by trigger-happy bikers. After remaining clueless for long, Kolkata Police is perhaps closing in on the shoot and snatch gang which has become a menace in south Kolkata for the past few months. Analyzing the modus operandi of the gang, officers of the city police's detective department were suspecting the involvement of criminals from South 24 Paraganas who have a record in robbery.\"The gang active in Kolkata used sophisticated 7.65 and 9 mm guns. But we could not find such guns,\" said an officer. He also hinted that despite some similarities, there are some contradictions. A black motorcycle was also found from Laskar. In all cases in Kolkata, the gang used a black motorcycle. \"We need to verify the claims made by the district police,\" said an investigator. But sources said that though cops are not sure about Saifuddin's role, he has provided key clues to detect the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164689", "title": "Cellphone shop owner's aide held in Kondhwa", "text": "PUNE: The state anti-terrorism squad (ATS), Pune unit, on Thursday arrested a Kondhwa-based alleged accomplice of Ganpat Garg, a cellphone shop owner from Dighi.Garg gave his accomplice, identified as Iqbal Sadique Khan (31), 700 SIM cards and forged documents which could be used to sell cellphone connections to those without the mandatory proofs of identity.The ATS officers have seized 106 SIM cards and photos of 54 people and their election identity cards besides nine forms of various cellphone service providers with photos and signatures on it from Khan. He was arrested after Garg, during interrogation, revealed that he had given him the SIM cards.Khan was sent to police custody till November 14, on Friday by judicial magistrate first class S S Bose. Assistant public prosecutor A V Ausekar told the court that Khan's custodial interrogation is essential to confront him with Garg and to investigate the case.Garg (42), who runs Narsimha and Hari Om Sales shop in Dighi, was arrested on Thursday and remanded in police custody till November 14. He is from Rajasthan and resides in Adarshnagar area of Dighi.The squad had seized 50 SIM cards, photos and election identity cards of 25 people from Garg used to sell cellphone connections to customers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17164339", "title": "Court asks CBI to produce first statement of eye witnesses taken by state police on the day of incident", "text": "INDORE: Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday produced pieces of tyre of tractor trolly that allegedly ran over IPS Narendra Kumar killing him on the spot and blood stained stones seized from the spot before special CBI court in Indore, but it failed to produce first statements of four eye witnesses taken by Madhya Pradesh police on the day of incident.The statements of four eye witness including three police personnel Rishab Karare, Ratan Singh,Raj Kumar and one civilian Dilip Shivhare were taken by then TI of Barmore police station Raghuvanshi on the evening of March 8, 2012 were not enclosed with CBI chargesheet and it was not produced before court when Raghuvanshi appeared in court during hearing. Following this the court has ordered CBI to present statements of four eye witnesses taken by Raghuvanshi before court on next hearing that is scheduled for November 21, 22 and 23.Advocate Mahendra Morya, lawyer of sole accused Manoj Gujjar said that TI Raghuvanshi appeared before court but he could not produce the statements of eye witnesses taken by him. Raghuvanshi in court said that he was transferred from Barmore after three day of incident and he carried only initial investigation like preparing map of incident spot, prepared panchnama of dead body and took statements of four eye witnesses.Adv Morya alleged that CBI had intentionally not produced the first statements of eye witnesses taken by TI Raghuvanshibecause statements of eye witnesses taken by CBI and enclosed with chargesheet were different from first statement given to state police.\"Now TI Raghuvanshi will again have to appear before court with statements of eye witness on November 22,\" said Adv Morya adding that many interesting facts will come out during the cross examination of TI Raghuvanshi on next hearing. Other witnesses will also appear in the three-days of hearing from November 21-23.IPS Narendra Kumar was allegedly murdered on March 8, 2012 in Murena district of Madhya Pradesh when he was trying to stop a tractor trolley filled with illegally mined stones. Later CBI in its chargesheet termed the incident as a case of culpable homicide and held tractor trolley driver Manoj Gujjar as sole accused. Father of the slain IPS officer had alleged the hand of mining mafia in the murder of his son, but the theory was rejected by CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17164919", "title": "Eight new dengue patients detected in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Eight new dengue patients were reported in past two days which took the dengue total to 160.Two newly detected patients are being treated at Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital. The rest are admitted at various private hospitals. All the dengue positive case have been reported by the microbiology department of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College. As many as 282 deaths have been reported this season so far. Almost 75 per cent of casualties were of children upto 10 years of age. Around 450 cases of malaria were reported.Deaths were also reported due to mystery fever. The health authorities have failed to identify the cause of the fever. The continuous increase in the number of mystery fever cases is a cause of concern. The health authorities continue to blame the civic department for the prevailing insanitary conditions in the city, which is responsible for spurt in vector-borne diseases and other infections.Lok Adalats award claims over Rs 7cr: As many as 18480 cases were decided and a sum of Rs 7,65,14978 as claims, maintenance and penalty was awarded in the 88 Lok Adalats held in Kanpur Nagar. Addressing the audience on the occasion of Rashtriya Vidhik Sewa Diwas being observed in the civil court campus, Manoj Kumar Agarwal, secretary, Zila Vidhik Sewa Pradhikaran said that from April to October 2012, 7 Sunday Lok Adalats, 10 micro Lok Adalats, 28 Lok Adalats in jail, and 40 pre-litigation Lok Adalats were held in Kanpur Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163132", "title": "1 charred, 6 hurt in South Delhi factory blaze", "text": "NEW DELHI: One worker was charred and six were injured when a fire broke out at a garments factory in south Delhi. According to fire officers, the incident was reported around 2.30pm on Friday from the Shahpur Jat main market near Hauz Khas.The deceased has been identified as Arjun Singh (25). A case has been registered at the Hauz Khas police station. Fire department sources said the reason for the blaze had not been ascertained. \"It appears that the fire erupted due to a short circuit. We are investigating further and not ruling out the possibility of firecrackers causing the blaze,\" said a police officer.The rescuers said Arjun had died even before help could arrive. The six other victims had sustained minor injuries and were expected to be discharged by Friday night till reports last came in. Police said they would check if the factory owner had all the papers.\"We will question the owners. We are trying to find out how the workers got trapped and were unable to escape from the factory,\" added the officer. It took five fire tenders and one hour and 40 minutes to bring the fire under control. The locals alleged the fire brigade arrived late, a charge denied by senior fire officers.To ensure an incident-free Diwali, police have put strict conditions on issuing of licences for sale of firecrackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17165771", "title": "Nilam triggers dengue spurt", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After creating havoc in Ganjam and Balasore districts, dengue has firmed its grip on the state capital. Twenty persons from the city's Old Town, Saheed Nagar, Samantarapur and Laxmisagar localities tested positive for the mosquito-borne disease in the past week.The sudden spread of the disease in the city has sent the administration into a tizzy. Civic authorities said efforts to control the winged monsters have been stepped up. \"Anti-larval spraying exercise is on. We are exploring what else can be done to tackle the situation,\" said Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) commissioner Sanjib Mishra.Bhubaneswar was relatively less affected in the monsoon period of July to October, when several other parts of the state were fighting the sting. The city reported only 12 dengue cases in the past four months, even as scores of patients poured in from other parts of the state.Health authorities suspect the recent downpour triggered by cyclonic formation Nilam in the first week of this month may have resulted in increased breeding of mosquitoes. \"The latest rains may have played a role in breeding of the mosquitoes,\" said nodal officer for vector-borne disease Dr Madan Pradhan. The city had witnessed intermittent rainfall for five days from November 1.\"Both the dengue virus and its carrier aedes mosquito are abundantly present in the city. The recent rain may have played a role in largescale breeding of aedes,\" said Regional Medical Research Centre director Dr S K Kar, adding, \"People should ensure there is no stagnant water around their houses.\"Dr Pradhan said another factor for Bhubaneswar witnessing a spurt in the disease may be because of the prevalence of the disease in other cities of the country at present, like Delhi. \"Places like Bhubaneswar have a different dynamism for the disease compared to rural parts of the state because of its connectivity with other parts of the country. People travelling to and from the city may be bringing the infection here,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17162462", "title": "Start mining in Goa, state NCP to Pawar", "text": "PANAJI: The state Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Friday contradicted the Shah commission report on illegal mining in Goa in a new memorandum presented by the state unit to NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Friday. In it, the state unit sought Pawar's intervention stating that the tussle between the BJP government in Goa and the UPA-led central government should not affect resolution of the issue of mining dependents.Making a case for restarting of legal mining, the Goa NCP said, \"The Shah commission report states that some leases have exceeded their environment clearance prescribed limit of yearly production. These lease holders have maintained EC limit but used dumps in excess of EC limit.\"\"Goa's economy is dependent on the mining sector. The blame game of mining still continues between the state government and the central government. The state government recommends one kilometer buffer zone, while the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) swears by 10 km before the Supreme Court. We have demanded the intervention of Sharad Pawar as his word has weight, being a part of the UPA,\" the NCP's state president Surendra Sirsat said.Further contradicting the Shah commission's findings, the Goa NCP has stated that lease owners are not responsible if the boundaries of the lease are not according to coordinates and Google images , and that it is no ground for claiming that the ore that has been excavated is illegal because as it is outside the lease. \"The boundaries were fixed by forest and wildlife surveyors. If coordinates show shifting then lease holders are not responsible. Such errors will make one lease going into another lease,\" the memorandum states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167372", "title": "R-Patz dodges questions about love life", "text": "A frustrated Robert Pattinson turned the tables on a US TV reporter on Thursday morning when she asked him about his relationship with Kristen Stewart .The couple's romance was thrown into jeopardy over the summer, after Stewart confessed to an \"indiscretion\" with her married 'Snow White and the Huntsman' director Rupert Sanders.The 22 year old beauty subsequently apologised, but the incident led to a brief break-up for the ' Twilight ' lovers.And now they appear to be back together, media outlets, reporters and TV presenters all want to be the first to get the news confirmed.According to Contactmusic, when morning show 'Today' anchor Savannah Guthrie asked Pattinson if he had indeed rekindled his romance with Stewart, the hunk responded, \"I want to ask, 'cause we get asked it all the time, everyone always asks, like for four years. Who is actually asking? Is it in your contract?\"Pattinson's TV appearance coincidentally aired just one day after Stewart dodged the same question on the same programme during her chat on Wednesday.She had responded by saying, \"I'm just gonna let people watch whatever little movie they would like to think our lives are. Keep 'em guessing I always say.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163798", "title": "Jetpatcher machine to repair Nagpur roads, potholes", "text": "NAGPUR: It's over two years now since Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) announced plans to introduce jetpatcher machine to repair potholes and patch up bad city roads. Finally, NMC is likely to implement the plan very soon. The Standing Committee has convened a meeting on Monday where in work order is likely to be awarded to an agency to bring the machine and carry out road repairs in the city. This would be for the first time that NMC would undertake road repair work by not engaging manual labour but machine instead.Standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari has convened the meeting on Monday to discuss 16 proposals including engaging jetpatcher machine. According to the proposal, NMC will not procure the machine. Instead, NMC will engage the machine on contract basis. The agency will execute the repair jobs and will get paid according to sq.mt rate. The estimated cost of repairing 1 lakh sq.mt road stretches with the jetpatcher will be around Rs 2.35 crore.Hot asphalt is used to repair roads surface and potholes. However, the machine will carry out repairs using cold asphalt. The machine will remove the earlier laid tar layers to recycle the metal and reuse it. This will help NMC reduce expenditure and expedite the work.The agency qualified in the tender process had initially quoted cost estimates 40.70% higher to NMC's calculations. However, the cost was reduced by 10% following negotiations with the agency.Besides this, the Standing Committee will also discuss the report submitted by water works department on water tariff. The department had hiked water tariff by 5% with effect from April 1. This was done without intimating the officer bearers and the citizens. The information related to hiked water tariff was sent for the noting of the Standing committee in the last month. The committee had asked the department to explain the reasons behind tariff hike and furnish comparative tariffs charged by nearby cities and districts. The department compared the tariff with that of Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran (MJP) in select cities and districts and not municipal corporations. The committee will discuss the issue at length before taking a decision.While NMC has received around Rs 1,600 crore for development of water works under JNNURM, cities falling under MJP do not get such funds. Similarly, NMC gets water from various irrigation reservoir and rivers which is not the case with cities under MJP. Besides, MJP cities implement JNNURM-like projects on its own without any funding on public-private participation basis.The Standing committee will also discuss the controversial proposal related to the new administrative building, insurance scheme announced for girls from BPL and financially weak families, markings on the roads for winter session of the State legislature, replacing old traffic signals with new ones at 10 squares and cement road works.The NMC also claimed that the machine may cut the roads' breadth and reuse the metal. Thus, the NMC may prevent from high expense and ensure fast work in cutting the roads for laying cables and water network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17163547", "title": "Hamid Karzai to lure Indian investment for Afghanistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Afghan President Hamid Karzai starting his four-day visit to India from Mumbai, the government said on Friday it is trying to attract investments into Afghanistan and \"to change the narrative from a narrative of anxiety to a narrative of hope\". Karzai landed in Mumbai on Friday where he is expected to meet business leaders to lure more investments into his country before his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh November 12.\"The idea obviously is to encourage Indian business to look at Afghanistan as a destination for investments, for greater trade, for greater economic cooperation,\" said Yash Sinha, additional secretary (Pakistan, Afghanistan and Iran).Four MoUs are likely to be signed between the two countries in areas of mines, youth affairs, small development projects and fertilizers. The Cabinet had on Thursday cleared $100 million aid for small developmental projects in Afghanistan.The official said that all issues \u00e2\u20ac\u201d regional, international and bilateral \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will come up for discussion during the visit. The government was tight-lipped, though, about the training of Afghan security forces. India is involved in capacity building in the security sector too under the provisions of the Strategic Partnership Agreement signed last year. \"All I can say at this stage is that we are doing training of the Afghan National Security Forces specifically on requests received from the government of Afghanistan. I think the numbers are modest,\" said Sinha.Talking about the recent listing of Haqqani network under UNSC resolutions and its targeting of Indian interests, the official said there have been specific attacks that have been believed to be carried out by the outfit. \"I do not want to go into details at this stage except to say that there are credible reports of not only attacks that have taken place but of attacks that could take place in the future,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164709", "title": "BJP gave clean chit to Gadkari: Munde", "text": "PUNE: Senior BJP leader Gopinath Munde on Friday said the core committee of the party has given a clean chit to the national president Nitin Gadkari and the party will continue to support him in future. Munde's statement assumes significance as the leaders were not seeing eye-to-eye for a long time.Munde was in the city to inaugurate the second phase of Pu La Deshpande Gardern spread over 10 acres. Speaking to reporters after the function, Munde said, \"Social activist Arvind Kejariwal made some allegations against BJP national president Nitin Gadkari recently. It was followed by a core committee meeting where Gadkari was called and gravity of the allegations was discussed. After Gadkari's explanation, the core committee was satisfied and gave him a clean chit. With this, the entire party will continue to support him.\"Munde's interaction was a bit dramatic as he first refused to make any comments on Gadkari and left the place. He returned in a while and made the statement. He further maintained that if he had not commented over this topic, it might have construed as difference between the two senior leaders.Munde's political godfather and late former telecom minister Pramod Mahajan's name was recently surfaced for the alleged allocation of spectrums to a section of telecom companies without obtaining no objection certificate from the defence ministry. Munde said, \"Before allocating the spectrum to a section of telecom companies, Mahajan had written a letter to the defence ministry almost a year before. It seems that he did not receive any objection from the defence ministry, so, he might have gone ahead with the allocation. The issue will soon be discussed before the joint parliamentary committee; hence I will not make any further comment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164705", "title": "Pee problem? Gods to the rescue", "text": "CHENNAI: Those who urinate in public fear no one but the gods, it would appear. Commuters have for a long time complained about men urinating on the wall of Guindy Railway Station near an autorickshaw stand. Tipplers wobble out of a Tasmac shop between the station and a temple on Race Course Road and head straight for the compound wall to relieve themselves.\"The stench was unbearable. The drunks often get into fights and create a ruckus. We complained to police, but nothing changed,\" said Kamala, who sells bajjis outside the station.But, 50 autorickshaw drivers came up with a solution. They pooled money and painted the wall with images of all the Hindu gods. That put a stop to people unzipping along the station wall. The place is now cleaner. \"At the end of the day, it is our auto stand. We pay Southern Railway 1,200 to park our vehicles at the entrance of the station, where we get most of our passengers,\" said autorickshaw driver T Ramachandran. Anna Auto Thozhil Sangam spent 18,000 to put up the banner before Ayudha Pooja. \"Earlier, we had to wade through water and urine to get to the station,\" said Chandrika Sharma, a commuter.She was surprised but glad that the drivers had devised a way to stop people from urinating on the station wall. She said she had sent letters to officials of Southern Railway and Chennai Corporation but received no response. Autorickshaw driver K M Ranganathan said passengers earlier hurried away because of the stench. \"The smell would instantly put off everyone,\" he said. Though the painting has deterred most people from urinating on the wall, some continue to relieve themselves nearby, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163769", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation union protests using aiwajdars as drivers", "text": "NAGPUR: Slamming the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) administration for making use of aiwajdars (sanitary workers) as drivers, the Nagpur Mahanagar Palika Aiwajdar Kamgar Sanghatana has alleged the practice was against labour laws and demanded an enquiry.Sanghatana president Jammu Anand said the NMC administration was engaged in many such violations for the last many years. \"It is shocking that violations are carried on by one of the state employers who actually should be a model employer. The union has been raising various issues related to the daily wage and permanent employees. Even the assistant labour commissioner brought such violations to the notice of civic chief a few years ago. But the NMC, which is headed by an IAS official, is continuing with them. The union strongly requests the municipal commissioner that he must implement the various laws meant for workers,\" he said.It has come to fore that six drivers who are permanent employees of the NMC are not given any work. A union leader told TOI that these permanent drivers are asked to drive the vehicles only when aiwajdars go on leave. \"Posting of all drivers is handled by the office bearers who too are not ready to have their vehicles driven by permanent NMC drivers but demand aiwajdars as drivers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17162899", "title": "12 activists sent to custody, 8 released", "text": "JAIPUR: Twelve activists of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha were sent to judicial custody while eight others were released on bail on Friday a day after they went on a rampage at the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) headquarters and threw garbage at the JMC CEO Jagroop Singh Yadav.Deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari , deputy mayor Manish Pareek, BJP state president Arun Chaturvedi along with other party leaders sat on a dharna at the Sanganer Sadar police station where the activists were lodged, demanding their release.\"We had booked all of them for breach of peace under section 151 of CrPC. However, 12 of them were booked under additional sections of 239 and 240 of IPC. All the 20 men were released on bail, however, 12 of them who were booked under IPC sections were produced in a court and sent to judicial custody,\" said an officer at the Jyoti Nagar police station. UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal and several other congress leaders condemned the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17162634", "title": "I-League: Mumbai FC make inspired comeback", "text": "PUNE: It took a special comeback and a goal at the death for Mumbai FC to breathe life back into their I-League campaign when they beat Sporting Clube de Goa 3-2 at the Balewadi Stadium in Pune, on Friday.Going into the game with no points from four games and languishing at the bottom of the table, Khalid Jamil's boys turned in an inspired show when they came back from two goals down to earn three full points.It took less than twenty minutes for Sporting to get a grip on the game as they scored through Obiora Anorue and Dawson Fernandes to give Mumbai a sinking feeling. But the hosts didn't waste time in making sure they had a chance when Gabriel Fernandes pounced on an error by Sporting 'keeper Gerard D'Mello who spilled what should have been an easy collection. An equaliser at the stroke of halftime was just what the Mumbai side needed and it came from a rather unlikely source in Justine Stephen. The defender did well to head home a Nicholas Rodrigues free kick to level scores.Jamil started with Gabriel in favour of seasoned striker ND Opara and the move paid dividends. The Mumbai club pressed for a winner but just couldn't manage an effort worthy of one. Just when everyone thought the game was meandering toward a draw, Amiri Islam produced a moment of brilliance, controlling a cross before unleashing home a memorable strike to hand Mumbai FC their first points of the season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17165558", "title": "Notices under Biodiversity Act", "text": "BHOPAL: Notices were served under Section 7 and Section 24(1) of Biodiversity Act 2002 and Section 17 of MP Biodiversity Rules 2004, which says, \"No person, association or organization which is registered in India or abroad, shall obtain any biological resources for commercial utilization or bio-survey and bio-utilisation for commercial utilization except after giving prior intimation to the state biodiversity board.\"Act enacted for benefit sharing: India enacted the Biological Diversity Act, 2002, which was developed after an extensive consultation process initiated in 1994. The Act primarily aims at giving effect to the provisions of the Convention on Biodiversity (CBD-1992), including regulating access to biological resources and associated traditional knowledge so as to ensure equitable sharing of benefits among conservers, arising out of their use. TNN The state government promulgated the Biological Diversity Rules in 2004.India enacted the Biological Diversity Act, 2002, which was developed after an extensive consultatio n process initiated in 1994. The Act primarily aims at giving effect to the provisions of the Convention on Biodiversity (CBD-1992), including regulating access to biological resources and associated traditional knowledge so as to ensure equitable sharing of benefits among conservers, arising out of their use. The state government promulgated the Biological Diversity Rules in 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17164232", "title": "Civil Hospital deputes extra doctors for Diwali", "text": "GURGAON: With Diwali ahead, the Civil Hospital has decided to depute one doctor from each department to deal with emergency cases. The hospital this year is better prepared to deal with burn cases with a new burns unit in place.The fully functional burns unit has been built at a cost of Rs 33 lakh. The facility is part of the Centre's project for prevention of burn injuries, said Dr Asrrudin, principal medical officer. The unit has six beds and is equipped with intensive care facilities.Dr Sanjay Narula, in-charge of the burns unit, said, \"Instead of one doctor in the emergency department, two will be on duty on Diwali and a day before. We have also kept enough stock of medicines to meet any exigency.\"One doctor from each department would be available on call for emergency situations, said Dr Asrrudin. Doctors will be available during the evening and night hours and emergency calls will be answered round the clock.Usually minor burn cases and eye injuries are reported during Diwali, said Dr Narula. He added that there were no major injuries reported last year and none needed hospitalization.Meanwhile, the pollution department has asked the city residents to celebrate a cracker-free Diwali this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164220", "title": "Tatkal reservation on 'pink' forms from today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The tatkal reservation tickets will be available only on 'pink' coloured requisition forms from Saturday at Lucknow station. The forms have been specially printed by the Northern Railway to break the network of touts. The pink forms will be numbered and signed by reservation supervisor on duty. Passengers will be required to fill the detailed form along with their ID number and mobile number and produce it at the reservation counter along with a copy of self-attested photo ID. Ticket for maximum four passengers can be booked in a single form. In case of a family, ID of only one person will have to be submitted at the time of booking while in case of a group where passengers do not belong to the same family, ID of every individual passenger will be required. In case the address/phone/mobile number are found fake, ticket will be cancelled without any prior notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164147", "title": "Kanda, Chaddha to be in custody till Nov 21", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday extended the judicial custody of former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda and his aide Aruna Chaddha, arrested for their alleged roles in the Geetika suicide case, till November 21.Kanda and Chaddha were produced before additional chief metropolitan magistrate D K Jangala after expiry of their judicial custody.During the hearing, the counsel for the accused also told the court that the process of scrutiny of documents was still going on.Both 46-year-old Kanda and 40-year-old Chaddha have been accused of abetting the suicide of former air hostess Geetika Sharma.Geetika Sharma was found dead on August 5 at her Ashok Vihar residence in northwest Delhi. In her August 4 suicide note, the 23-year-old victim had said she was ending her life due to \"harassment\" by Kanda and Chaddha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17165253", "title": "Magadh University to open centre for media studies", "text": "PATNA: Magadh University (MU) has decided to open a media centre on its sprawling campus at Bodh Gaya soon. The UGC, which has approved the proposal, is likely to give a grant of Rs 90 crore to the university to build the centre, said MU VC Arun Kumar.According to Kumar, the main objective behind opening the media centre is to provide an opportunity to students of the university in the field of journalism and mass communication. Besides, the centre will be assigned the task to make documentary films on educational, social, cultural and historical heritage, which will be exchanged with other universities in the country, he said.Vocational courses inaugurated: MU VC Arun Kumar on Thursday inaugurated two vocational courses, MBA and MCA, at the B S College, Danapur. He said these two postgraduate-level professional courses would help the students find jobs soon after completion of these courses. He also announced that the college was likely to get permission to start postgraduate teaching in economics, political science and psychology soon.Student chosen for sports meet: Govind Kumar, a student of MCom at B D College, has been selected to participate in power lifting competition at the All-India Inter-College Sports Meet to be held at Udaipur in January 2013. He is a silver medal winner at the Inter-College Sports Meet held recently at Bodh Gaya under the aegis of MU.College of Commerce's new principal: P K Verma, principal of RLSY College, Bakhtiarpur, has been shifted to College of Commerce in the same capacity by the order of MU VC Arun Kumar. Verma, who joined the college as principal on Thursday, had served the college as principal earlier too.Dress code: B D College has made it compulsory for students, including girls, to wear uniform while attending classes. Besides, the college has banned entry of any student inside the college campus without proper uniform and identity card, said college principal B N Ojha, adding this decision has been taken to maintain academic ambience on the campus.Salary not paid: Teachers and non-teaching staff of the MU colleges are unlikely to get their salaries of October before Diwali. The salary grant by the state government is yet to reach the university headquarters at Bodh Gaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "international public school", "code": "17163812", "title": "School round up", "text": "International Public School: The CBSE Cluster Xl (under-19, boys) 2012, hosted by International Public School from November 8 to November 11 was inaugurated by the governor of Madhya Pradesh Ram Naresh Yadav. In this gala event 66 teams from Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh comprising 1248 students will be participating. The deputy director of sports, CBSE Pushkar Vohra also attended the function. The chairman of the schools, Ashok Nanda and the principal P S Kalra welcomed all the distinguished guests. The captains of the participating teams saluted the governor and took the oath to play with true sportsman spirit. Yadav declared the football tournament open. In a colourful cultural programme, a group of l50 students of International Public School (IPS) presented a tribal dance on live instrumental music. Pushkar Vohra in his speech encouraged the players and highlighted the importance of sports as a co-scholastic activity. 20 matches were played on the opening day. IPS won an inaugural match 5-0 against Kidzee High School, Bhopal. On the second day 32 matches were played on different grounds. The quarter finals would be held on Sunday. The final match is schedules for November 11 at IPS ground.Bal Bhavan School: Primary section of Bal Bhavan School celebrated the annual day on November 8 will pomp and show. Following the old tradition of the school, parents of head boy and girl were called as special guests. Students welcomed the guests with a melodious song. Dance performances by class II students and play Ali Baba with a humorous twist were the main attractions of the day. Students showed their concern towards the degrading environment through a rhythmic presentation 'save environment save earth.' Two dramas: 'shades of life' depicting the importance of sharing and Hindi drama 'Khajane ki Thali' encouraging all to imbibe spirit of kindness were staged. Principal H L Chopra talked about the school's past achievements and future endeavours in his annual report. There was also a prize distribution ceremony to acknowledge the efforts made by the students in various fields and activities.Sagar Public School: Sagar Public School, Saket Nagar won the 1st Bank Officers cup football tournament, which was held at Bank Officer's Higher Secondary School from November 6-8. The final match was played between Sagar Public School and Bank Officer's Public School. The chief guest for the final match was Aruneshwar Singh Deo. Under the guidance of sports teacher and coach Syed Faisal Hussain, SPS won the match by 5-3. Achal Raj Mishra, Tanish Gurgaj, and Harsh Shrivastava from SPS scored 3, 1 and 1 goals respectively. The sportsmanship of the players was remarkable and the team spirit with which the players played will prove very inspiring for the future footballers. Chairman of the Sagar Group Sudhir Kumar Agrawal, principal Dr Jaishree Kanwar, director (HRD) K K Dubey and manager admin and HR Vijay Bahadur Singh Tomar congratulated the winners.Maharishi Vidya Mandir: NHDC, a joint venture of NHPC and Govt of M.P. organized an inter-school painting competition under the National Campaign on Energy Conservation 2012 - 13. The budding artist of Maharishi Vidya Mandir Ratanpur, Kritika Dwivedi of Class VI has been selected for state level which was held on Friday at NITTTR, Shyamla Hills.Students of Maharishi Vidya Mandir, Ratanpur, Bhopal represented the school in Sahodaya Inter-School Poster Making Competition. Once again, the students successfully added another plume to the Maharishi Vidya Mandir cap under the guidance of highly hard working teachers by bringing home the second prize in Sahodaya Inter School Poster making Competition which was held at Hema Higher Secondary School on October 15. Deepti Dwivedi of Class VIII has bagged the second prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164420", "title": "Dry fruits, chocolates pose festive challenge to sweets", "text": "LUCKNOW: The old adage of Diwali getting associated with sweets seems to be a passe. And, instead of sweets, people are showing a preference for dry fruits, chocolates and cookies, primarily due to fear of adulteration in sweets. And if shopkeepers are to be believed, then the sale of dry fruits has increased by about 40% as compared to last two years.With growing cases of adulteration of khoya or mawa and ghee, people have shunned the traditional sweets. \"I always used to gift sweets to my friends and relatives. But this time, I picked up dry fruits and chocolates for them, as I cannot afford to put to risk one's health during the festival of joy,\" said Akshay Mishra, a businessman. Seconding his opinion, Jeetan Bhatia, a shopkeeper in Hazratganj said that despite cases of adulteration, the price of sweets have soared. Unable to digest the contradiction, the customers have started purchasing the other options, which are available in the market.Giving her reasons, Archana Khanna, a housewife said, \"During Diwali, the house gets flooded with sweets. Because the shelf-life of sweets is less, most of them get wasted. Unlike sweets, dry fruits and cookies can be consumed over a long period of time.\" Similarly Vishal Keshwani, a shopkeeper said that as the level of sugar is high in sweets, people think that eating sweets is like inviting diabetes and other diseases. While dry fruits are healthy and do not get heavy on stomach.However, Ravindra, a sweet seller feels that people can reduce the consumption of sweets, but they can never stop purchasing it on Diwali because of the sentiments. He said that there are many varieties of sweets available in the markets, which are not made up of khoya and milk like Kaju Katli and various types of laddoos.Chocolates and cookies are most popular among children and youngsters. The demand of branded, designer and imported chocolates has gone up. \"We have introduced Belgian chocolate and as the name suggest, the coco powder has been imported from Belgium . It is better than other hand-made chocolate available in the market because it contains less fat and butter,\" said Abhishek Srivastava, manager of a bakery at Sapru Marg. He added that they introduced baked modak especially for Diwali and during puja, it can be offered to Lord Ganesha.Many attractive gift hampers of dry fruits, chocolates and cookies are available in the market. They are economical as the range starts from Rs 100. The boxes of dry fruits bearing the pictures of Lord Ganesha and Goddess Laxmi are most sought after and are priced above Rs 1,000. To give the feeling of festivity, diyas have been added in the gift pack along with fruits, chocolates and cookies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17164319", "title": "Student polls back after 7-year gap", "text": "NOIDA: Student union elections are back in the state after a gap of seven years. However, considering the increasing number of violent clashes among student groups in other parts of the state resulting several deaths, Noida police have created a massive security net for voting taking place today. The police said that over a hundred police officers will be on standby and on high-alert to ensure no violence takes place.Student union polls were last held during the SP rule in October 2005 and were banned by Mayawati during her term as chief minister. When Akhilesh Yadav was voted to power, one of his promises to the youth was bringing back student union elections. But these polls have resulted in a number of violent clashes in the state making Noida police a worried lot. \"We don't want any violence to mar the elections. We have taken all precautions to ensure this,\" said the police.University officials said that there had been one case where some students representing ABVP were sent a notice for flouting the election norms.There are 18 candidates who will be contesting from the Degree College in Noida which is under the Chaudhary Charan Singh University (CCS). There are a total of 3,102 voters. While the student wing of all major political parties will be contesting in the university, there is no candidate representing Mayawati's BSP. Pintu Yadav will be representing ABVP, Bharti Bhati NSUI and Amit Bhati Samajwadi Chatra Sabha (SCS). \"There have been no cases of violence till now. But we are keeping a tight watch. There is constant CCTV surveillance and the parties have been given special training sessions to ensure there are no violations of the guidelines,\" said Dr Sohan Singh, chief election commissioner.There will be six booths, each catering to different streams, placed in different rooms to ensure that monitoring can take place smoothly. The elections will start from 8am and counting will take place in the afternoon after which the results will be declared.Noida police said that after ensuing communal violence in the neighbouring Ghaziabad, they have been on high alert and student elections is a sensitive time. \"There will be over a hundred police officers in the college monitoring the events. There will also be a special team of female police officers. In case there is any violence we will take sufficient steps to stop them,\" said a senior police officer.Noida police have created a massive security net for voting taking place today at the Degree College. 18 candidates are in fray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17165790", "title": "Safety norms go up in smoke", "text": "CUTTACK: With cracker shops at almost every corner of the town, mishap is just waiting to happen here in Cuttack as most of the shops are not equipped with fire fighting equipment.According to fire safety norms, cracker shops must have fire extinguishers, at least five sand bags and 200 litre water at their disposal. Besides, rules say that cracker shops should not be located in congested and narrow lanes and in residential colonies. But shops selling fireworks are happily flouting these norms. The wholesale cracker shops in Cuttack are located in busy areas like Choudhary bazaar, Jhola sahi, Nandi Sahi and Pithapur.\"Areas like Nandi sahi and Jhola sahi are the most crowded areas in the city, however, this does not prevent fire crackers wholesalers from setting up shops here. The area is so congested that it is almost impossible for fire fighters to enter the place if there is an eventuality. Still, the authorities are not worried about it,\" said Durga Prasad Mohanty, a resident of Nandi Sahi.\"If a fire breaks out, there could be a major tragedy. The authorities should immediately clamp down on the shops or shift them elsewhere,\" said Sarada Sahoo, a housewife residing in Jhola sahi area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17165159", "title": "'Animation is all about computers and creativity'", "text": "MYSORE: Animation industry is vivacious, and three-decade-old animated cartoon series like Tom and Jerry and Flip stone, and the latest Little Krishna are still loved across globe, said Ashish S Kulkarni, CEO of BIG Animation.Delivering his keynote during a two-day national seminar on 'Recent trends in information technology and animation, visual effects and gaming' that began on Friday, he said: \"Every human being is born with the genes of story-telling and creativity. Those having both can build bright future in animation. The animation industry is not all about just computers, but an opportunity for creativity.\"The event is being organized by the Centre for Information Science and Technology (CIST), University of Mysore.Speaking on the growth of animation in India, Kulkarni said from past two decades, the animation industry is taking roots in the country. \"Little Krishna animated series took nine years of research and six years to produce 90 stories,\" he said, adding that animation is an intricate task than compared to making a Bollywood movie.\"The hard work put in its making has paid off. It is popular in many countries,\" he said, adding that Little Krishna series has been translated into several languages and is being played across 51 countries.Short-term courses won't helpTaking a note on mushrooming animation schools, Kulakarni said: \"If you wish to make a career in animation, opt for reputed animation schools and have a good foundation.\" The schools which offer short-term courses not only mislead you, but also make you half-prepared, he added.He agreed that the mushrooming animation schools are affecting the industry. \"They fail to impart knowledge of related fields. While the students of such schools join for work, firms take months or year to train them,\" he said. Further, he said that Indians make good animator because of their good hold over language and genes of story-telling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17163997", "title": "Accused not our student:Surana College", "text": "BANGALORE: Soumya Saloni, 23, accused of murdering her fiance, is not a student of Surana College, South-End Road, the college principal has said. Soumya, a Peenya industrialist's daughter, allegedly administered an overdose of a lie-detector serum on Nitesh N, 25, a Rajajinagar resident and software engineer, as she believed he was two-timing her. After Nitesh lost conscious, Soumya and her boyfriend Parshwanath Malagatti of Hindwadi, Belgaum smashed his head with a boulder.Responding to a story published in TOI on November 3 that Soumya is an under-graduate student of Surana College, the principal said she had been an MSc psychology student of their institution in 2011 but got her admission cancelled later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai/navi mumbai", "code": "17162550", "title": "Dadar police had past run-ins with chemical attacker", "text": "MUMBAI/NAVI MUMBAI: The Dadar police said they contacted film professional Jerrit John, 46, over his cell soon after he threw a chemical at Aryanka Hozbetkar, 26, at her Worli home on Wednesday, but he only complained that he had seen her with another man and therefore perpetrated the attack. The police called Jerrit in to \"verify\" his role and give a statement, but he never showed up. \"He then switched off his phone,\" said an investigator.When TOI contacted Aryanka's mother Arti, who works as a clerk in the City Civil and Sessions court, she said, \"We don't want to talk about this issue to the media.\"The Dadar cops said Vashi resident Jerrit had been reprimanded by them at least half-a-dozen times in the past \"for roaming in the Worli area late at night\". \"Each time he was asked to go home, but he excused himself saying he had come to drop Aryanka home,\" said a senior police officer.Celebrities and Aryanka's friends continued to express shock at the chemical attack on Friday even as the police sent out three teams to trace Jerrit, who runs the Bandra-based No Nonsense production firm and has worked on documentary and feature films like Slumdog Millionaire and My Name Is Khan.Actor Dia Mirza , who worked with Jerrit on her first home production said, \"I am appalled by this news. We thought he was a decent person and that perhaps due to unavoidable circumstances he was avoiding repaying us, but reading the papers has sickened me. It's really scary to think you've worked so closely with an individual who has gone on to display such unacceptable behaviour.\"On Friday afternoon, Jerrit's younger brother Jerrish arrived at the police station with Jerrit's pet dog in a car. Jerrish couldn't say where his brother was hiding. Two policemen went with Jerrish to Mira Road, but Jerrit wasn't there. On Friday morning, Jerrit's cell was on for sometime in Mira Road, but it was later switched off. In the evening, the phone was switched on in Vashi, but police could not trace him there too.Jerrish, who works in the UAE, happens to be in Mumbai on a 15-day holiday. \"We feel it will be easier to trace Jerrit through his brother,\" said an officer. Cops are also tracking Jerrit's email address. \"If he has switched off his mobile and didn't go home or to a relative's place, he might access his email,\" said the officer.Jerrit, who is married with a son, was having a relationship with Hozbetkar as well as a married woman. After the chemical attack, he began threatening the second woman too. The second woman, who lives in Borivli, managed to contact Hozbetkar, who revealed what had happened that night and said that Jerrit may be on his way to attack her. The woman, whose husband is usually away on work, locked her door and didn't let in Jerrit, who arrived to threaten her and her five-year-old son.Jerrit's Vashi neighbours in the upmarket Sector 16 said they hardly mingled with him or his family even though the Johns had been staying there for six years. Jerrit has a two-bedroom flat on the second floor of the Shera Coop housing society. He lives there with his wife, son and pet dog.\"Two days ago, the police came to the flat in the early hours to search for Jerrit,\" said a resident. \"They took his younger brother for questioning.\" Another society member said, \"Jerrit was in a love marriage. Nine days ago his wife left for her Nagpur home. We do not know if there was marital discord.\" Jerrit reportedly had two vehicles , which were not parked there on Friday.Jerrit opened his office off Carter Road in Bandra about two years ago. Those in the neighbourhood initially knew him as a family man. His wife would come to the office, where he played with their child. \"Suddenly a girl began coming on a scooter, after which the wife wasn't seen,\" said a long-time resident.After Wednesday's attack, Jerrit has not been seen at the office. The staff, comprising a couple of men and a woman, attended till Thursday. A neighbour said, \"People would come for meetings all the time. Two days back he was screaming at someone over the phone, after which I didn't see him.\"Near the office door was a fancy 'Private Parking' sign above a cutout of the film Dev D. A businessman in the area said, \"Jerrit was very stylish. He always moved with his cycle tied to the back of his Scorpio.\" Jerrit's wife may have been a teacher in Chembur, he added.Jerrit is a known face in the film world and has worked with production houses like UTV, Dharma Productions and Excel Entertainment. A creative consultant said, \"I just cannot believe that Jerrit did something like this. He is a good professional. But there were certain habits he indulged in which probably were responsible for this behaviour.\" Producer Ritesh Sidhwani , with whom Jerrit worked with on Don and Luck By Chance, said, \"He needs to turn himself in and face the consequences. I really don't know in which frame of mind he did such a thing. I feel he needs help.\" The head of a production house said, \"This incident is shocking and I don't think anyone would want to work with him again.\"Actor-producer Shashi Ranjan , who also runs an NGO, said, \"This is a most cowardly and deplorable act on the part of any man who claims to love or care for a woman. I have been helping acid attack victims and I know most of the time it is the jilted lover who disfigures the girl's face.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17164905", "title": "Four arrested for lynching wrong truck driver in Lalgudi", "text": "TRICHY: Police arrested four persons on Friday, a day after an innocent man was lynched by an angry mob in a case of mistaken identity in Lalgudi while he was deputed by the police to drive an abandoned truck that killed a man in a truck-bike collision. Police personnel have still been deployed in the area till late on Friday to prevent any untoward incident following the killing. However, the relatives of the murdered man faulted the police for not protecting him from the killers.Lalgudi police, on Friday, arrested Sivaji Raja, Markandeyan, Rajesh and Vaidhy from Manakkal village near Lalgudi for beating K Rajesh Kumar to death on Thursday evening. On Thursday evening, a sand-laden truck hit a two- wheeler near Manakkal railway crossing killing the pillion rider Murthy from Koppali and injuring his son Rajesh, the rider of the bike. However, the truck driver Martin fled the scene fearing attacks from the relatives of the deceased. On information, Lalgudi police rushed to the spot and removed Murthy's body and admitted Rajesh in a hospital. Later, the police engaged Kumar to drive the abandoned truck to Lalgudi police station. Unfortunately, a mob intercepted him and attacked in a case of mistaken identity that he was the driver who killed Murthy in the accident. Kumar succumbed to the attack while he was taken to hospital on Thursday night.Since then, tension is building up in Lalgudi as both the parties belong to different communities. The special branch police, Trichy also ruled out any prior enmity to the killing.Meanwhile, the relatives of Kumar pointed an accusing finger at Lalgudi police for not giving due protection to him allowing the angry relatives of the deceased Murthy to beat Kumar to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167870", "title": "Scholarships for Indian students", "text": "Three Indian students received scholarships to pursue their undergraduate degrees at the University of Kentucky . Harkabir Saluja is a recipient of the International Leadership Scholarship, which covers the full cost of his tuition during his undergraduate studies.\"The application process for the scholarship was very smooth. The international enrolment manager oversaw the whole process and personally answered all of my questions quickly and thoroughly,\" said Saluja, who will be majoring in philosophy.Ron Mathias received a scholarship covering 50% of her tuition fee and Abhishek Agrawal received a $5,000 scholarship. Mathias, from Bangalore, is currently pursuing a degree in chemical engineering and was the recipient of the International Distinction Scholarship.\"So far, my time at the university has been great. People here are accepting and open to new cultures and people from foreign countries. I met a lot of other international students at the orientation who share similar experiences as me from coming abroad; I connect with them well,\" said Mathias.In addition to the traditional financial support of graduate students and academic scholarships for undergraduate students, this year a new international undergraduate scholarship programme was launched.\"We were delighted to launch a new scholarship programme for international undergraduates applying to the University of Kentucky. The programme takes into consideration factors that go beyond the traditional academic merit. We were pleasantly surprised with the diversity and calibre of our applicants and proud to award these scholarships to the most deserving students from nine different countries, including India. Almost 20% of these scholarships were awarded to Indian students, including some of the top scholarships that cover full tuition and 50% of tuition costs,\" said Cryder.www.uky.edu/admission", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kakinada", "code": "17162733", "title": "2 volleyball players die in accident", "text": "KAKINADA: Two budding volleyball players were killed and four others injured when an autorickshaw in which they were travelling collided with a bus in Karapa in East Godavari district on Friday.Six district-level volleyball players were travelling in the auto when the accident took place. The players, all of them around 14 years of age, were injured in the accident and rushed to the Kakinada government hospital where two of them succumbed.The boys were returning to their village in Arthamuru in Mandapeta mandal after attending the selection trials organised by the Sports Authority of Andhra Pradesh in Kakinada. The deceased were identified as P Durga Bhavan and Sandeepa Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17164788", "title": "College of Engineering Pune country's second-best industry-linked engineering institute", "text": "PUNE: The College of Engineering Pune (CoEP) has been ranked second among the industry-linked engineering institutes in the country by the first-ever joint survey carried out by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) this year.The survey was aimed at showcasing the best practices of industry partnerships across the AICTE-approved engineering institutes in six basic streams namely, chemical, civil, computer, information technology, electrical, electronics and communication and mechanical engineering. A total of 156 AICTE-approved engineering institutes, which have completed 10 years or more, had participated in this voluntary survey.The results of the survey were announced at the fourth global higher education summit of the CII held in New Delhi on November 8. Union minister of state for Human Resource Development, Shashi Tharoor , gave away the awards to the winners in the presence of AICTE chairman S S Mantha.The CoEP, founded in 1854, ranks among one of the oldest engineering colleges in the country and has to its credit several legendary and high-profile names from the field of engineering and technology, as its alumni.In the race for the overall best industry-linked engineering institutes, the CoEP was pipped by the PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore, which bagged the 'Diamond award' followed by the 'Gold award' for the CoEP and the 'Silver award' for the Bannari Amman Institute of Technology, also from Coimbatore.The PSG college also bagged the best college award in mechanical engineering while the best faculty award for outstanding contribution went to Mohanram PV of the PSG college.Top corporates including Tata Chemicals , Mindlogicx Infratec, Infosys , Hi-Tech Gears, Forbes Marshall and Elico joined hands to give awards to engineering institutes in recognition of their strong linkages with industry. The entire exercise involved a highly detailed and complex survey of industry linkages of engineering colleges in which objective scores generated by the AICTE web portal, with the data gathered from the online survey, were evaluated by a high-level jury.To keep the bar high, a minimum threshold of 60% objective scores was set for institutes to qualify. The shortlisted institutes were visited by a team comprising AICTE and CII representatives and their feedback was analysed to arrive at the final winners.A senior AICTE official said, \"The evaluation process and the methodology of the survey were based on the best industry standards adopted at global level. The AICTE plans to extend the scope of the survey by involving more streams and disciplines in the years ahead.\"A detailed report of the survey was also released at the summit which presents case-studies of the top three winners and shows how, despite the overall lackluster performance of institutes on their industry linkages, there are some who have been able to get it right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167772", "title": "Bharathiraja ready to direct Rajini, Kamal", "text": "Veteran filmmaker Bharathiraja currently busy completing 'Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum'is ready to direct the two biggest stars of Tamil cinema, Rajinikanth and Kamal Hassan once more. He first directed the two stars in evergreen flick '16 Vayadhinile'.Both the stars' fans have long been waiting for the both Kamal Hassan and Rajinikanth to come together onscreen and bring back their magic. The ace director is ready to direct the two stars once again, that too without any remuneration.\"If Rajini and Kamal are ready to work together with me, I will sure make a film starring them, that too without getting salary,\" Bharathiraja said.\"Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum is based on a real life incident. It will release soon,\" he added.It would be a real treat for the fans if they actually do act together. Kamal Hassan is currently wrapping up hi ' Viswaroopam ' and Rajinikanth is busy with Kochadaiyaan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17165042", "title": "Free ambulance facilities from November 11", "text": "KANPUR: The much hyped free ambulance facilities announced by Chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav will be available to the locals from November 11. The locals can avail this facility by dialing 108-toll free number introduced by the health department.Talking to TOI, chief medical officer of the district, Dr RP Yadav informed that the free ambulance facilities for the locals will kick off in all 10 blocks of the city from November 11. On this occasion, the CM will also flag-off phase-2 of the medical emergency services from the state capital as well. \"In phase two, Kanpur, along with five divisions, will get five new ambulances. The ambulances will be reaching to their designated cities on the same day. The new ambulances will be placed near the police stations so that it is easy for people of every area to reach,\" added CMO further. These ambulances will be available 24X7.The ambulances will be placed here at Fazalganj Police Station, Juhi Polica Station, Chakeri Police Station, Panki Police Stations respectively. Apart from ploice stations, the ambulances will also be placed at Kalyanpur, Bidhnoo, Bheetergaon, Chaubepur, Kakwan, Shivrajpur, and Ghatampur blocks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17165264", "title": "Ten pathological labs sealed, 17 arrested", "text": "PATNA: A team of special task force, along with two doctors from the office of Patna civil surgeon and Pirbahore police, raided and sealed ten pathology laboratories without licence in the state capital on Friday. They also seized equipment worth Rs 25 lakh.Acting on a tip-off, the team conducted raids on 10 premises on Govind Mitra Road and Makhania Kuan Lane under Pirbahore police station and arrested 17 persons for running the pathological labs without licence. \"We had information about the unregistered pathology laboratories operating in the area and we conducted surprise raids on them. There could be more unregistered laboratories in the area. But we were able to seal only ten of them. FIR against 17 persons has been lodged with the Pirbahore police station and further investigation has been handed over to district police,\" said Amit Kumar , IG (operations).\"Several other laboratories in the area downed their shutters when their owners came to know about the crackdown. As most of the establishments were closed, we could not examine their papers,\" said a member of the team.\"There is strict guideline that every clinical establishment has to display the registration certificate at the reception counter. Besides, none of the laboratories had any doctor or authorized person to conduct pathological tests or run such a business. No law enforcement agencies had ever raided the laboratory premises,\" he said.The officer added, \"Such illegal establishments dupe patients. It is a part of a big racket and some resourceful persons are involved in this business. The instruments used for conducting pathological tests are expensive which indicates that rich and influential persons have invested in the business.\"Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"The STF has lodged FIR against illegal pathological laboratories and the Patna police would conduct further investigation into the matter. However, none of the laboratory owners were arrested during the raids. Only compounders and staff were arrested.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164314", "title": "9-member committee to attract private investment in higher education", "text": "LUCKNOW: Inching closer towards attracting private investment in higher education, the state government on Friday constituted a nine-member committee under the chairmanship of Prof Mohd Muzammil, vice-chancellor of Rohilkhand University, Bareilly. An order in this context has already been issued by the higher education department.Educationists, leading private investors, and people belonging to prominent autonomous institutions are part of this committee. And include chief financial officer Infosys V Balakrishnan; CEO HCL Corporation Roshni Nadar; director Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad SK Barua; vice-chancellor of Amity University, Noida; V-C of Gautam Buddh Technical University RK Khandal and V-C of Shiv Nadar University Nikhil Sinha. The government nominees include the higher education secretary T Venkatesh and director JD Mitra.To ensure continuous flow of work, the government has also set deadlines. As per the order, consultation among the committee members should take place till December 15, while the first draft on private investment in higher education should be tabled by January 10. The said draft should be uploaded on the higher education website latest by January 20 in order to invite objections and suggestions for essential modifications, if any. The last date for receiving suggestions is February 10. The committee is required to compile the final draft by February 28, while it should be presented for the Cabinet's approval by March 10.The state government has allowed inclusion of experts, academicians and officials from other prominent institutions (apart from those not included in the committee) who can help in formulating the policy document for attracting private investment in higher education. The final draft needs to be submitted to the higher education department after fulfilling the above tasks in a time-bound manner.Talking on the importance of PPP (Public-Private Partnership) in higher education, Prof Muzammil, chairman of the committee said, \"Private investment is being eyed in the state as we are the biggest in terms of population. We need to have quantity both in terms of colleges and teachers and at the same time ensure how private financing can improve the quality of the existing higher education system. The most crucial is how to have an egalitarian process, that is, higher education with equity.\"He added that with coming in of more private universities, there lies a mammoth task for the government to exercise control over them. \"We will now look ahead towards various agencies interested in partnering with the government,\" he said.State government officials requesting anonymity said that the various models to attract PPP in higher education given by University Grants Commission (UGC) are being studied by the experts. \"We are also looking at the policy being implemented in other states in adopting PPP model,\" said another government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17162199", "title": "Djokovic brushes Berdych aside", "text": "LONDON: The little steps that Novak Djokovic takes on court, light and quick, is often the difference between him and his opponents, especially the heavyweight exponents from the game's top-ten.Against the fifth-seeded Czech Tomas Berdych , in his last league match of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals, the slightly built Djokovic came through 6-2, 7-6 (8-6) to top Group A and take his place in the semifinals. The Serb, who is undefeated in the group stage of the competition, will only know late on Saturday, who he'll meet in the semifinals.Del Potro keeps hopes aliveOn Thursday, Juan Martin Del Porto blasted past Serb Janko Tipsarevic 6-0, 6-4 to set up a clash against Roger Federer for a chance to qualify for the semifinals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "17164179", "title": "Vallathol's book recovered from British Museum", "text": "THRISSUR: A more than 110-year-old book, written by celebrated poet Mahakavi Vallathol Narayana Menon, was recovered from the British Museum in London the other day. The book, Sallapapuram, by Mahakavi was recovered by Kalamandalam Vijayakumar, a Kathakali artist who is also an alumnus of Kerala Kalamandalam.Mahakavi wrote Sallapapuram when he was only 13 years old. Vijayakumar, who has been running a Kathakali troupe - Kalachethana - in London for more than 20 years, said, \"The book is a composition of discussion between Vellanassery Vasudevan Moosad and Vallathol written in the format of a poem in 15 pages.The book was published by A Raman Moosad at the Vinjana Chintamani Press in Pattambi in 1896. The name of the poet printed on the book is Vallathol Kozhiparambil Narayana Menon, the actual name of Mahakavi.\"When I was a student at Kalamandalam, Murali had told me about the book. Murali is the son of V T Induchoodan, the nephew of Mahakavi and the former secretary of Kalamandalam. As it is a practice in Britain to collect and preserve the old records of each country, I contacted the British Museum. They confirmed and said that it was in the special gallery for articles from India. It took more than four years to get it,\" Vijayakumar told TOI over phone from Britain. He has secured a copy of that book, which he will soon bring to Kerala. The poem is written in Manipravalam literary style. The copyright of the book is vested with the British Library. The state or Centre as well as Kerala Kalamandalam can approach British authorities to get the copyright and make the book available to readers in Kerala, he added.A more than 110 - year old book, written by Mahakavi Vallathol Narayana Menon, a celebrated poet, has been recovered from the British Museum, by a Kathakali artist in London. The book, 'Sallapapuram' by Mahakavi was recovered by Kalamandalam Vijayakumar, an alumnus of Kerala Kalamandalam.Mahakavi wrote 'Sallapapuram', poetry, when he was only 13 years old. Kalamandalam Vijayakumar, who runs a Kathakali troupe 'Kalachethana' in London for more than 20 years said, \"The book is a composition of discussion between Vellanassery Vasudevan Moosad and Vallathol written in poem format in 15 pages. It is found that the book was published by A Raman Moosad at Vinjana Chintamani Press in Pattambi in 1896. The name of the poet printed on the book is Vallathol Kozhiparambil Narayana Menon, the actual name of Mahakavi\".When I was student at Kerala Kalamandalam, Murali son of V T Induchoodan, nephew of Mahakavi and former secretary of Kalamandalam had told me about the book. As there is a practice for Britain to collect and preserve the old records in each country, I contacted with British Museum authorities. They confirmed it and said it would be seen in the special gallery for articles from India. It took more than four years to get it, Vijayakumar told TOI over phone from Britain. He has secured a copy of that book, which he will bring to Kerala.The poem is written in Manipravalam literary style.The copy right of the book is vested with the British Library. State or central governments as well as Kerala Kalamandalam can approach British authorities to get the copyright and to make the book available to readers in Kerala, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17163133", "title": "Activists demand safety review of Rawatbhata plant by independent body", "text": "JAIPUR: Raising doubts over the inspection by International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) at Rajasthan Atomic Power Station (RAPS) in Rawatbhata, anti-nuclear activists on Friday demanded safety examination by an independent body. Coalition for Nuclear Disarmament and Peace (CNDP) and People's Union of Civil Liberties (PUCL) claimed that the exercise is a mere eyewash and power generation through nuclear plants is hazardous for people.The activists fear that the IAEA will give clean chit to Rawatbhata nuclear plant where implementation of proper safety measures is still under a cloud.\"IAEA promotes setting up of nuclear power and remains loyal to nuclear industry. Whatever report the government gives them, IAEA will accept it. We also got to know that the leakage happened in reactor number 5 and team is inspecting reactor number 3 and 4,\" claimed Praful Bidwai, writer and journalist who covers environmental and nuclear issues.On June 23, nearly 38 workers were reportedly exposed to tritium while working on a coolant at unit 6 of the plant. After few days of the incident, four workers again were again exposed to radiation on July 19 while repairing a faulty pipeline in a pressurized heavy water reactor. On the request of the Government of India, a 12-member team is reviewing the standards and safety measures at the plant.The activists, however, said that no government inquiry has been conducted into the leakage case. \"The government is not serious about the safety issues at RAPS. The contractual workers who were exposed to radioactive material have been asked to not report to work till the time the team is inspecting the plant. It clearly indicates that something is wrong,\" said Swmya Dutta, a nuclear scientist.He added that \"We heard from the media that the RAPS do not have back up generators which is most essential thing in any nuclear plant:Besides an independent probe, both CNDP and PUCL have demanded bringing the nuclear reactor under the RTI purview and reviewing of safety standards of nuclear reactors by teams of experts not associated with the government.Commenting on the health issues related to those working at nuke plants, Kumar Sundaram, anti-nuclear activist said \"IAEA and World Health Organization (WHO) are in an agreement that WHO will not publish any report on health issues related to radioactive exposure without its consent. Also no other body can conduct any medical examination in the vicinity of 10 km of a nuclear plant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17163746", "title": "Writers pitch for mother tongue", "text": "BANGALORE: With the Supreme Court verdict on medium of instruction likely soon, the debate in Karnataka is all about whether to have a monolingual or multilingual education system.On Thursday, Jnanpith awardee playwright Girish Karnad said one language in school is \"nonsensical\", \"tragic\" and an \"import' from Europe\". He favoured a bilingual or multilingual education system.Prominent Kannada writers seem to have no objection to multilingual education, provided the mother tongue is the medium of instruction.\"The mother tongue should be the medium of instruction till Class 5. Learning multiple languages till then will be a burden for many children. Post-Class 5, other languages can be included,\" said Patil Puttappa, veteran writer and journalist.Jnanpith awardee UR Ananthamurthy has been advocating teaching in the mother tongue. He's part of a 15-member group of writers which has filed a petition in the Supreme Court supporting the state government's rule on mother tongue as the medium of instruction.The petition states: \"Children can learn better in their mother tongue and it's the appropriate medium. Even Mahatma Gandhi had echoed the same view. Nobody has opposed English. English can be taught as one of the subjects at primary level.''In 2008, the Karnataka high court unanimously struck down a 1994 government order mandating Kannada or mother tongue as the medium of instruction in primary schools as unconstitutional. The Karnataka government has challenged the high court's order in the apex court.Poet-laureate Prof GS Shivarudrappa is sceptical about Karnad's intentions. Though he doesn't oppose multilinguism, he is a vocal advocate of mother tongue as medium of instruction. He said: \"Karnad is apparently revealing his hidden feelings for western languages by pressing for bilingual education. I strongly believe children should learn a mother tongue language as their first language and later they should be free to opt for any. This doesn't mean I hate other languages. I", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17162772", "title": "Civic works come to a halt as Muharram nears", "text": "HYDERABAD: With Muharram just a week away, the planned repair and sprucing up of infrastructure along key procession routes in Old City is on the back-burner due to lack of coordination between civic authorities and local residents, sources said.Water Board has not cleared bills of the contractor for more than a year which has led to stoppage of work, much to the chagrin of devotees and road-users. Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) officials said around Rs 80 lakh was sanctioned to carry out infrastructure development and short-term tenders were also ready for work to be carried out. Another Rs 9.5 lakh has been sanctioned for installing temporary lights on procession routes and around ashoorkhanas. \"Roads dug up by water works department are hindering us from carrying out work,\" an engineer requesting anonymity said.According to Noorkhan Bazar corporator Riyaz-ul-Hassan Affendi, Mata Ki Khidki-Dabeerpura Nala stretch will be strengthened. Further, a proposal of road maintenance costing around Rs 51 lakh in the division was submitted to the government on Thursday.It was late last year that the water works department began laying a sewerage line under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission from Darulshifa to Haribowli. But after the pipeline work neared Mirchowk, work was abandoned midway as the government failed to pay the contractor.Now, the laying of BT roads by GHMC ahead of Muharram has been stalled as officials blame the water works department for failing to repair the dug up roads.According to sources, the firm laying the pipeline allegedly stopped work in early July. Water Board officials admitted that work had stopped because of non-payment of bills. \"We haven't paid them for a year because of lack of funds which is why they stopped work. It is difficult to say when funds will be released as it is not in our hands,\" said an HMWS&SB; engineer.Hundreds of devotees throng ashoorkhanas along the Azakhana Zehra-Etebar Chowk stretch during Muharram to mourn the martyrdom of Imam Hussain. The procession on the 10th of Muharram is scheduled to move from Bibi Ka Alawa via Charminar to Etebar Chowk and Chaderghat.Mir Abbas Ali Moosvi, mutawalli of Badeshahi Ashoor Khana said, \"There are around 25 places where Shiites gather to mourn the slaying of Hazrat Imam Hussain from Azakhana Zahra near Darulshifa to Kotla Alijah.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17163842", "title": "Bhopal student wins Wowzapp apps competition", "text": "BHOPAL: What is common in Disaster Management, Temple, Indian Tadka and Cartoon Rhymes ? They all are apps developed by an engineering student from Burhanpur, a dusty town from western Madhya Pradesh .Kushal Bhatia fetched the first prize in the WOWZAPP-2012, a worldwide Hackathon for Windows organised at a private engineering college of Bhopal on Friday.Microsoft organised the event across the world in 50 countries including 14 venues in India where 16,500 students sat together and developed apps. Bhopal was the only venue in Madhya Pradesh where the event took place at IES engineering college.\"I have a deep interest in different kind of apps. I did not know that my interest in apps would make me the winner of this event,\" second year Computer Science student Kushal told TOI. His apps will be published on the Windows store.Talking about his apps, Kushal said, \"In Indian Tadka, I have made it easy for the user to learn various Indian recipes. They would require only downloading my apps to prepare mouthwatering recipes,\" 20-year-old, Kushal said.In his temple apps, Kushal has provided several invocation songs. \"I have provided access to several famous temples of the country with their aarti. Devotees can virtually visit the temple,\" Kushal claimed.His Cartoon Rhyme is an entertainment based apps where he has created several known TV cartoon characters like Moghli among others. \"I have given different voices and funny clippings in the apps,\" Kushal explained. He received Rs 5000 prize from Microsoft and Rs 2000 cash prize from IES College.Second prize went to Ravi Kumar while Atishay Jain and Tarun Mahajan jointly won the third place.Hailing the quality of engineering students in Madhya Pradesh, Microsoft's director, Meenu Handa said, \"After interacting with students, I can say Madhya Pradesh has a huge pool of talent. They need to be given the right opportunity.\"Microsoft provided students at each hackathon location with free software to create apps, such as Visual Studio Express for Windows 8 , and with free Windows Store registration codes through Microsoft DreamSpark.Students can also earn on the basis of the apps developed by them if they qualify the quality process of Microsoft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17165459", "title": "Biodiversity board slaps notice on 538 companies", "text": "BHOPAL: The state bio-diversity board has issued notices to 538 companies involved in 'illegal' collection of bio-resources, especially medicinal plants, for commercial utilization.Collection and transportation of plants of medicinal, nutritional or cosmetic values in bio-rich districts of the state continue on a big scale. At a conservative estimate, the illegal \"practice' is making biodiversity management committees across the state poorer by Rs 50 crore annually, said a source in the state bio-diversity board. \"Most of the companies are ignorant of rules. Initially, we are trying to create awareness about the rules and regulations. Action would be taken in the second phase, if they continue flouting norms,\" said D P Tiwari, board's state coordinator.Local people and communities of the area, including growers and cultivators of biodiversity, and hakeems, who have been practicing indigenous medicine, are exempted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17164750", "title": "Mauritius president meets Arcot Nawab", "text": "CHENNAI: The President of the Republic of Mauritius, Sir Anerood Jugnauth , along with his wife, Lady Jugnauth, visited the Prince of Arcot, Nawab Mohammed Abdul Ali, at his official ancestral home, Amir Mahal, on Friday during his visit to the city.In his informal address, he stressed the need for world peace, among all people belonging to different faiths and to understand the oneness of God and respect to all religions. He also expressed the hope that India and Mauritius would establish a better bilateral relationship which will help strengthen the two countries in the years to come.The Nawab and Begum Sahiba Sayeeda Abdul Ali hosted a reception in honour of the visiting dignitaries. Among those present was M M Rajendran, former governor of Orissa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17162999", "title": "Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra shuttlers to battle for supremacy", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Badminton Association of India (BAI) is busy tackling Prajakta Sawant issue and grand launch of Indian Badminton League (IBL), country's best young shuttlers will vie for top honours in the 37th Junior National Badminton Championships which will get underway at Imphal on Saturday.The nine-day annual tournament becomes quite significant particularly after not-so-good performance by the Indians in the recently concluded World Junior Championships in Japan. The BAI junior selection committee will be watching the action at the Manipur Sports Council Indoor Stadium keenly to find out the talent for the future.Qualifying rounds will be held on the first two days before the various states battle it out for the team championships on the next two days. The main draw of the individual events will be played from November 14 to 18.Formidable Andhra Pradesh start as firm favourites for the Shafi Qureshi Cup thanks to the presence of current Indian team players Ruthvika Shivani, K Manisha and J Meghana. Maharashtra, who had lost to Kerala in the semifinals last year at Jaipur, can pose a serious challenge to Andhra. Maharashtra have two very good singles players in the form of Rasika Raje and Karishma Wadkar. The other members of the team - Swatika Butey, Vaishnavi Bhale (both Nagpur) and Mumbai's Riya Pillai - have been doing well this season.Maharashtra coach Mangirish Palekar is optimistic about his team's chances. \"We should reach finals. I am banking on Rasika and Karishma in the singles. Riya also provides us lot of options. Besides Andhra, last year's finalists Kerala and Air India will be our main opponents,\" said Palekar.The competition is even stiffer for Nagarg Cup (Boys U-19) as there are at least four teams which can win the title. Defending champions Air India, Andhra Pradesh, Assam and West Zone winners Chhattisgarh have the potential to reign supreme. Both the U-19 singles champions of the last year - Sameer Verma and Tanvi Lad - will not be playing at Imphal. While Madhya Pradesh's Sameer is still to recover from back injury, Mumbai girl Tanvi has crossed the age limit.The absence of defending champions has thrown the competition wide open. Harsheel Dani, Pratul Joshi, Rohit Yadav, Aditya Joshi and Srinagar Senior Nationals hero Shreyansh Jaiswal have good chance to clinch U-19 title.In the girls singles, Ruthvika Shivani, Reshma Karthik, Rasika Raje and Karishma Wadkar can hope to bag the crown in the absence of Tanvi and PV Sindhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17164928", "title": "HIV-hit walk tough road to remarriage", "text": "TRICHY: Like normal people, HIV affected people are also longing to enter wedlock to renew their lives with much-needed positivity. In Trichy, the desire for remarriage is growing among widowers. However, very few widows who are HIV positive want to remarry.According to statistics from the district administration, there are 11,097 people including 6,654 males and 4,443 females who are HIV positive. Most of the women are said to have received the killer syndrome from their husbands.With a view to finding a suitable life partner for both men and women patients, two marriage information bureaus exclusively for HIV people have been functioning in Trichy for the past six years. The marriage bureaus neither encourage nor discourage marriage. They simply explain to them the merits and demerits of marriage and let the parties decide. On the other hand, the counsellors believe that such marriages might prevent HIV positive men from spreading the virus through affairs.The two marriage bureaus have so far received about 250 applications seeking life partners. Interestingly, most of the applicants are widowers between 30 and 50. However, the number of widow applicants are nearly 50. Since there is a possibility that babies born to such couples will become HIV-affected, the marriage bureaus counsel the pairs to have safe sex to avoid having children. But the couples seemingly want to have children.The HIV-affected men want to get married for various social and personal reasons. \"The decision to remarry involves many reasons. First, many widowers do not want to expose themselves by being alone. So, they want to marry to hide their disease. Some of them are forced by their families to get married. There are many persons who want to enter wedlock for marital consummation. Interestingly, a 50-year-old man has now applied for remarriage. Since 2008, we received 39 applications from men and five applications from women. But only 12 marriages have taken place so far and seven children have been born through such marriages. All the children tested HIV negative,\" said A Thamil, a HIV positive person who runs Network for Positive People in Trichy.Thamil also said, \"Most women are affected by HIV because of their husbands. Many of them have begotten children through their marriage. Unfortunately, the sudden deaths of their husbands put the future of both mother and child at risk. Nevertheless, they do not want to think of remarriage because they do not want to lead a volatile life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17165506", "title": "Kuldeep sword hangs over Modi, Amit Shah", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The prospect of Kuldeep Sharma being made either the director general of police in Gujarat or the director of Central Bureau of Investigation is sending a chill down the spine of the Narendra Modi government. The senior cop, whose promotion to the DGP rank was cleared by the Delhi high court on Thursday after a prolonged battle, quickly took charge on Friday and is eagerly awaiting his posting.Sharma, who is at present the director general of Bureau of Police Research and Development in New Delhi, is due to retire on December 21 and there are chances that he may be sent to Gujarat by the Election Commission of India for the smooth conduct of state assembly elections on December 13 and 17.While that is a scary prospect for the Gujarat BJP, the possibility of him being made the CBI director is even more frightening for the political leadership which is facing CBI probes in multiple fake encounter cases. If Sharma is appointed CBI director now, he could get an extension beyond 2012 and that should be very worrisome for the Modi camp.It is significant that on Thursday, reports came from the ministry of home affairs that the short-listed panel for selection of the new CBI director had been scrapped and that a decision had been taken to form a new panel. It has been known that the CBI teams which have been probing the twin encounters of Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram Prajapati were being covertly guided by Sharma and a bunch of other IPS officers. The Gujarat government moved the Supreme Court to challenge the Delhi high court order. In the meantime, Sharma had already filed a caveat in the SC.Friction between Sharma and the Modi establishment dates back to the days when, as additional DGP of CID (crime and railways), he was directing the probe in the Sohrabuddin encounter case that was being conducted by his immediate subordinate, Geetha Johri. It was Sharma who approved the first report on the encounter that was sent to the Supreme Court. This report, for the first time, revealed that the encounter was fake.In another run-in with Shah during his tenure with CID (crime and railways), Sharma diligently probed allegations that the then minister of state for home Amit Shah had received an amount of Rs 2.5 crore in order to help security scamster Ketan Parekh in a case of fraud in Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank Limited.In order to keep Sharma in check, the state government had dug up a 27-year-old case relating to beating up an alleged smuggler, Haji Abdullah Haju Ibrahim, alias Ibhla Seth, when Sharma was posted in Kutch .The government in February 2012 gave permission to prosecute Sharma and others. Besides, his brother Pradeep Sharma, who is an IAS officer , has also been implicated in a number of corruption cases and had to spend two years in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167941", "title": "Glow on your D-Day", "text": "Every girl dreams of looking her best on her wedding day. But one should understand that makeup artists are not magicians, says skin and hair therapist and makeup artist Arpita Ganguly.I suggest that at least two months prior to the wedding day, one should start visiting the beauty parlour for proper grooming.There are various kinds of beauty packages available for both brides and grooms, such as facials (depending on one's skin type), hair spa, body polishing, waxing, pedicure and manicure. The idea is to ensure that both the bride and the groom look gorgeous not just on the wedding day, but remain ravishing for the next couple of weeks. I strongly suggest that they drink at least eight to 10 glasses of water in a day as it helps detoxify the body and keeps the skin hydrated. Also, eat plenty of fruits and salads.Remember to abstain from fried and junk food. Ensure balanced oil intake as it helps in lubrication and prevents your skin from drying too much. Stick to healthy homemade food and indulge in seven to eight hours sleep every day. Following these tips are necessary to glow on your D-Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17164101", "title": "SC quashes corruption case against Jaffer Sharief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday absolved former railway minister C K Jaffer Sharief of corruption charges by ruling that a minister commits no criminal offence by taking excess staff with him on a foreign trip if he is able to demonstrate that they performed some task, howsoever insignificant these might be.The CBI had accused Sharief of causing loss to public sector undertakings Rail India Technical &amp; Economic Services Ltd (RITES) and Indian Railway Construction Company Ltd (IRCON) by making them foot the bill for his four staff members, including his additional PS, two stenographers and a domestic help, who accompanied him to London for his medical treatment.Rejecting the CBI's charge that it amounted to causing pecuniary loss to the government through corrupt practice, a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi said, \"As a minister, it was for Jaffer Sharief to decide on the number and identity of the officials and supporting staff who should accompany him to London if it was anticipated that he would be required to perform his official duties while in London.\"If in the process, the rules and norms applicable were violated or the decision taken shows an extravagant display of redundancies, it is the conduct and action of Jaffer Sharief which may have been improper or contrary to department norms. But to say that the same was actuated by a dishonest intention to obtain an undue pecuniary advantage will not be correct.\"The CBI had filed an FIR on June 3, 1998 and filed the charge-sheet on October 22, 2005 accusing Sharief of causing pecuniary loss to the PSUs through his wrongful acts. The Delhi High Court on April 11 had upheld the trial court's decision to reject the former minister's plea for discharge.The CBI had alleged that neither RITES nor IRCON had any pending business in London and that none of the four persons had performed any duty pertaining to these PSUs while they were in London. Yet, the airfares of all four were paid by them.\"It also appeared from the material on record that the four persons while in London had assisted the minister in performing certain tasks connected with the discharge of his official duties,\" said Justice Gogoi, who authored the judgment for the bench.\"It is difficult to visualize as to how in the light of the above facts, demonstrated by the material revealed during the course of investigation, Jaffer Sharief can be construed to have adopted corrupt or illegal means or to have abused his position as a public servant to obtain valuable thing or pecuniary advantage either for himself or for any of the aforesaid four persons,\" the bench added.Taking into account the facts and evidence in the case, the bench said, \"We do not find any reason to allow the prosecution to continue against Jaffer Sharief. Such continuance, in our view, would be an abuse of the process of court and therefore it will be the plain duty of the court to interdict the same.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17164915", "title": "Anomalies in school uniform plan dent lofty education slogans", "text": "KANPUR: The lofty government slogan, 'Sab Padhe, Sab Badhe', seems to have lost its meaning so far as basic, primary and junior high schools of Kanpur Dehat are concerned.The Kanpur Dehat's basic education department has received flak from the director, Basic Education, following allegations of major irregularities in the selection of suppliers of school uniforms as well as the poor quality of uniforms meant for the students belonging to SC, ST and BPL families up to Class VIII in government and aided schools of Dehat.The state government, under the RTE (Right to Education) and 'Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan' scheme (vide its letter dated September 16, 2012) announced providing of free school uniforms to all girl and boy students belonging to SC/ST and BPL families up to Class VIII in government and aided-schools twice a year at an estimated cost of over Rs 70 crore per annum.\"The objective of the scheme was to end a sense of inequality among the students by providing them uniforms, since many families were not sending their children to government schools because they could not afford proper uniforms,\" said an education department official.Departmental sources, however, informed that the Basic Education department of Kanpur Dehat had not only supplied substandard uniforms, but bended and relaxed certain terms and conditions in gross violation of guidelines issued by the Rajya Pariyojna Nideshak, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, Uttar Pradesh, through a letter dated August 7, 2012.It was learnt that the Basic Education department had completely ignored the suggestions of the four-member standing committee constituted at the school level comprising of a president, head-master/mistress and two nominated members. Instead, it favoured private firms without taking the panel's approval to supply uniforms in government and aided schools against the state governments orders,\" an official said.\"In fact, the district authorities had also not placed the fabric and stitching material for approval before the standing committee. As per the guidelines, the standing committee was supposed to invite quotations from suppliers for purchasing uniforms costing over Rs 1 lakh.And in case the amount exceeded Rs 1 lakh, the committee was directed to invite tenders from suppliers to ensure use of superior quality fabric and stitching material for preparing school uniforms. The committee members were also directed to get the measurement of each one of the students properly taken in their presence,\" said Naresh Katiyar, a social worker.Alleging bungling of several crores of rupees in the purchase of school uniforms, Katiyar demanded lodging of an FIR and an impartial probe into the matter.\"A surprise check should be conducted in the warehouses of basic education department and samples of shirting and suiting, besides the stitching material be collected and sealed on the spot. The samples should be tested at the Textile Laboratory to see if it conforms to the specifications mentioned in the government order,\" said Professor Vivek Dwivedi, an educationist.Another social worker pointed out: \"It has been learnt that the supply orders were awarded by manipulating the tender process. Can anyone believe that the letter head used for submitting quotations by three different uniform manufacturing firms carried common telephone numbers.\"Contacted by TOI, parents and teachers in several government and aided-schools raised serious questions on the quality of uniforms being distributed to the boys and girls of the aforesaid category up to Class VIII. They also complained about the poor quality of cloth besides inferior stitching material being used in the manufacturing of school uniform.Anu Sachan, head-mistress at the Basic Primary School in Mahadeo Kuti village of Kanpur Dehat, told TOI: \"The uniforms were of poor quality and threads used for stitching have started coming out.Also, as the quality of the cloth is very poor, students are unable to use the uniforms for even a couple of months. Each student is supposed to get two sets of free uniforms costing Rs 200 per piece, annually. Had the authorities concerned involved the standing committee and taken its view in selection of cloth and stitching material before finalising the tenders, they would have got better quality uniforms.\"\"Our children were distributed uniforms that did not meet the benchmark set by the state government for quality,\" parents of one of the student at Harirampurwa village complained.In yet another shocking revelation, it came to be known that the district authorities too have also failed to keep the promise of the state government's order to provide such free uniforms.Incidentally, chief secretary Jawed Usmani had directed the officials concerned in September to ensure distribution of school uniforms to all such children in the current academic session by October 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164229", "title": "Ghazipur loot accused caught", "text": "LUCKNOW: The police on Friday noon caught the main accused of Ghazipur loot case from Polytechnic crossing. The case was reported on Monday in which a man named Badri Prasad, who works as a principal of Barabanki branch of Eram Intermediate colleges was looted in C-Block area of Indiranagar.The police recovered Rs 5.80 lac, the handbag containing documents and looted cash as well as gun license belonging to the victim, from the accused Romi Kanjar.The police also claimed that Romi had committed several more daylight loots in the city in the past.25-year-old Kanjar is from Kursi area in neighbouring district of Barabanki and reportedly fled to Varanasi along with his aide Surendra Karwal on bike after committing the act. The police were trying to find out whereabouts of Karwal, who is still at large.Elaborating on the modus operandi of the duo, the police said that the two identified people who withdrew large amount of money from banks and followed their victims till they got an opportune time to strike at them. In Prasad's case, Karwal snatched the bag from his hand him opposite Eram college and fled on the bike with Romi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17164855", "title": "Himachal Pradesh: Cabinet nod for market intervention scheme for citrus fruits", "text": "SHIMLA: The Himachal Pradesh cabinet on Friday approved a market intervention scheme (MIS) for procuring citrus fruits in the state and decided against charging for apples bought under a similar scheme and supplied to Horticultural Produce Marketing and Processing Corporation (HPMC), a state PSU, for processing purposes.The cabinet meeting, presided over by chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , approved the 2012-13 MIS scheme for citrus fruit by authorizing state agencies HPMC and Himachal Pradesh State Cooperative Marketing and Consumer's Federation (HIMFED) to open up 54 procurement centres across the state.These centres will procure 500 tonnes of good quality kinnow, malta or santra and 100 tonnes of galgal at Rs 6 per kg, while the lower grades will be bought at Rs 5.50 and Rs 4.50 per kg, a spokesman stated. Under the scheme, fruit will be bought during November 20 and February 15, 2013, he added.The cabinet also decided to provide all the apples procured under MIS in the current season to HPMC free of cost for manufacture of apple juice. It passed directions for curbing smuggling of \"nag chhatri\", \"trillium govanimum\", a perennial medicinal plant found in the state's temperate zone. Indiscriminate exploitation of the medicinal plant was posing a threat to the fauna world.The cabinet also approved stern measures to check illegal and unscientific mining in river beds and forest areas of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17165749", "title": "'Missing' minor returns home after 5 months", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A minor girl, who had gone missing from the city since July, returned home on Friday. The 12-year-old girl's parents lodged a complaint with Mahila police alleging that she was kidnapped by an unidentified man and forcibly engaged as domestic help in Puri.The Class VII student was returning from school when the kidnapper bundled her into a car saying that he had already kept her father hostage, the complaint said. \"He took her to Puri and engaged her as domestic help. From there she was taken to Kolkata for two months where she did the same work before being brought back to Puri last month,\" her mother said.The girl said she managed to escape from the house on Thursday. \"I boarded a bus to Bhubaneswar after collecting some money from a man. Then I reached home,\" she told media persons.Earlier the Mahila police had lodged a missing case in July soon after she became incommunicado. \"We are now verifying her allegations. Our team would visit Puri to inquiry into the matter,\" ACP (Zone-I) Nihar Ranjan Das said.Chairperson of State Commission for Protection for Child Rights Saraswati Hembram said: \"We have also taken up the matter seriously and are examining the allegations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17162865", "title": "Man duped jobseekers of Rs 3cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: He started as a small-time placement agency owner but soon began to fleece people on the pretext of sending them abroad. He managed to cheat more than 150 job aspirants from Delhi and established offices across four states, including Maharashtra and Punjab.Tilak Raj Sharma, who is fairly educated and well spoken, made over Rs 3 crore with help of his associates Aarti Chauhan and Babita Sharma and three others who are now absconding. Naresh Kumar, who is a native of Punjab, has been nabbed, too, DCP Northwest P Karunakaran said.The accused asked for original passports during the processing of applications and returned these to the victim by post.\"On October 9, Sher Singh, a native of Ambala, lodged a complaint at Subhash Place police station stating he had read an advertisement on vacancies for overseas jobs of security guard, driver and carpenter. That advertisement specifically mentioned Libya as the country of employment. It mentioned that interested persons may contact the 'USA Enterprises' office at Pearl Omaxe Tower in Netaji Subhash Place. When Sher Singh called up the office, they convinced him to deposit Rs 25,000, 12 passport size photos and his passport,\" Karunakaran said.He was subsequently asked to give them another Rs 3,000 for 'medical expenses'. Sher Singh was then told to report to Travel Inn Hotel in Mumbai by September 4. He was assured that his passport, visa and tickets would be delivered to him at the hotel and he would leave on September 7.The complainant reached Mumbai and checked into the hotel. He was shocked to find that no one came to deliver his passport, visa, flight ticket or appointment letter. All attempts to contact the company over phone proved futile and its office was found closed.During investigations, it was revealed that the company had duped around 90 people.Karunakaran's team raided various places in Delhi, Punjab, Gurgaon and Mumbai, using electronic surveillance and criminal intelligence to nab Naresh Kumar on October 14. During interrogation, Naresh disclosed the names of Arun Kumar, Aarti Chauhan, Harbhajan and others and informed that one of the racket's offices in Mumbai is still functional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17165089", "title": "Their refrain is restraint", "text": "LUDHIANA: Subhash Agarwal, 75, suffers from diabetes but doesn't mind eating a gulab jamun or jalebi in the festive season. He is well aware on how to neutralize his sugar levels with physical activity. Subhash, who is an income tax advocate by profession, said: \"I limit my consumption of sweets during Diwali. I keep up with my exercising just like usual days and this keeps me going.\"Subhash was diagnosed with diabetes around 25 years ago and since then, he has been following a regular routine of medication and physical activity. \"I feel my healthy habits have helped me fight diabetes,\" he said.Another diabetic, Prithipal Singh, 78, a businessman from Model Town, said: \"I have been suffering from diabetes for more than five years. I don't mind savouring my favourite sweets during Diwali. But I make sure I don't overindulge. I use a simple method to normalize my sugar intake - a half an hour walk in the garden at home\".Homemaker Jasbir Kaur, 45, said: \"I have forgotten the day when I was first diagnosed with diabetes. I feel normal and I enjoy sweets and dry fruits in the festive season. At the same time, I increase my physical activity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17164393", "title": "Nine hurt in school bus accident near Cherthala", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Twenty eight students of San Jose Sadan had a miraculous escape when their school bus skidded off the approach road of Kuthiyathodu Bridge on NH47 on Friday morning. Kuthiyathodu CI P Sivankutty said seven students, bus driver Suresh (40) and caretaker Elsie Alphonse (54) were injured in the accident.\"There were 30 people in the bus when it skidded off the approach road around 8.45 am. The injured students are Vijeesh (19), Prasanth (22), Prasad (36), Divya Unni (20), Shifana (12), Aiswarya (18) and Deepthi Augustine (24). They were taken to Cherthala Taluk Headquarters Hospital and KVM Hospital. Their condition is stable,\" said Sivankutty.\"The driver claimed that the steering developed a technical snag and he lost control of the vehicle. The steering wheel nut had come loose, so he couldn't turn the vehicle. The bus was handed over to the motor vehicles department,\" he said.Cherthala joint RTO B Muralikrishnan said vehicle inspectors will investigate the matter and file a report on Saturday. School principal Lisa George said the school was set up 22 years ago for children with learning difficulties. \"We bought the bus six years ago. It is the first time we are facing such a situation. We have 112 students in our school,\" she said. Health minister V S Sivakumar also visited the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17165139", "title": "During diwali Ludhiana requires 50 fire tenders", "text": "LUDHIANA: Severely lacking in preparedness to deal with any fire hazard during Diwali celebrations, the fire department is not just ill-equipped, but is also grossly understaffed. The demand for hydraulic ladders has remained on paper for many years. These ladders can reach good heights and can be of use if fire breaks out in tall buildings. Nearby cities like Chandigarh have hydraulic fire tenders which are capable of reaching the height of 150feet. Life of a fire tender is 10 years but in the city, all 16 vehicles have crossed their life span. At least 50 fire tenders are required in the city.Worsening the situation, no cracker stall has obtained \"no objection certificate\" from the fire department.This certificate is provided only after assessing the mandatory fire safety arrangements such as availability of fire extinguishers, sand bags and water. When contacted, additional divisional fire officer Kartar Singh said, \"I agree that such problems should be taken care of but we are well-prepared to deal with any incident. We have been doing so for years.\"The fire department in the state is a toothless tiger in the absence of the Fire Safety Act. The Act is implemented in most other states except Punjab. It would give powers to fire authorities to penalize and even take action like sealing of buildings that function sans any fire safety arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17165504", "title": "Man nabbed for posing as policeman", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An alert citizen helped the city police apprehend a man who was impersonating a cop, near Anandnagar on Thursday. Police have rounded up the youth and have started questioning him to determine whether he was involved in any previous cases registered in the area.According to Anandnagar police, Hetal Pujara, a resident of Vejalpur and advocate by profession, was present with his friends on the Times of India press road on Thursday afternoon. At that time, he saw a man riding a bike stopping people and asking them for their registration papers. As there was no police team or vehicle in the area, Pujara got suspicious and confronted the youth.\"The youth said that he was with the Zone I police squad and was in search of an accused person. But he could not produce his identity card or name his superiors,\" said an Anandnagar police official. \"The group then held the youth captive and called the city police control room.\" Investigators said that the youth was identified as Jay Patel alias Vishal, a resident of Ghodasar in Isanpur. \"He has confessed that he wanted to take advantage of the Diwali rush and make some money,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17164400", "title": "Alumni meets to celebrate 150 years of Stanes school", "text": "COIMBATORE: The alumni meet at the Stanes Anglo Indian Higher secondary School saw men and women recall their shared past with nostalgia. Food and cricket were of course the hot topic among them. The two day meet, starting on Friday, is part of the 150 year celebrations of the school. Around 300 former students attended the programme.\"Our school cricket team was the best. We often competed with other college teams,\" said Sulaiman Jamal, who passed out in 1961 and now runs a business in Bangalore. A captain of the school team in 1960-61, he said that they had beaten many college teams. \"We were unbeatable. But when we got distracted by the girls, we lost wickets easily,\" he added. Hubert Johnson, who was school captain in 1960 said that he only realized he had studied with the most beautiful girls, long after her had passed out of the school.The women however thought the boys were a bit boastful. \"We had the opportunity to evolve under a very disciplined education system,\" says Geetha Narayan who passed out in 1962. She joined Stanes in 1957 when she was in class 7 and finished her schooling there. They day began at 6am with a short run. The girls were not supposed to cross the tamarind tree near the chapel, she recalled. She said their teachers cared for them like their own mothers did.The boarders were allowed to go home once in a month. But for students like Geetha whose father was in the military, their principal used to take them on outings. \"The then principal Rev. H O Fowler used to take us all for an outing and buy us a few snacks. Only later did we know that he was treating us from his own meager salary,\" she says.They were like one big family, who loved and cared for each other. \"If we heard that someone was smoking or drinking, we would immediately discipline the person among ourselves without going to the higher authorities,\" recalled one former student. They remember the 'green mangoes' sold by one Manickam and Jayaram's 'sarbath' purchased from outside during school breaks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "dharmapuri", "code": "17164436", "title": "Police failed to anticipate size of the mob", "text": "DHARMAPURI: Senior police officials believe that the caste violence could have been avoided if enough police personnel were deployed to contain the mass fury of the mob that numbered around 2,500. Police deployment was restricted to 300 personnel, who were outnumbered by the attackers.Senior police officers blame intelligence failure for the arson and loot of over 268 houses, which continued for more than four hours in three villages. It just a fortunate coincidence that no person was killed as the dalit families left their valuables behind and ran for their lives when the mob arrived.\"It was a serious intelligence failure. Police could have avoided the untoward incidents. We had prior information that caste Hindus would attack dalits in the locality since the suicide of Nagarajan had turned into an emotional issue. But we failed in anticipating that such a large number of people would converge for the attack. Intelligence told us to expect about 150 people. So we deployed 300 cops in the area,'' said a senior police officer, who coordinated the operations in the villages in the absence of district police superintendent Asra Garg, who was on leave. \"We have reasons to believe that the attack was preplanned and not a spontaneous one, triggered by the suicide. People from villages located 20km to 30km away had come to join in the attack on the dalit hamlets. A mob of 2,500 people was not expected,'' he said.Dalits too feel that police intelligence failed. The attackers did not spare even the local Kodagari Amman temple, worshipped by dalits and took away about 4.5kg of gold jewels and silver ornaments worth 15kg. A special team has been formed by the police to recover the stolen ornaments. Many lost their certificates, ration cards and land documents in the fire started by the mob.Anticipating trouble during the funeral of Nagarajan, a large police team led by Salem DIG Sanjay Kumar and assisted by police superintendents of Dharmapuri, Krishnagiri, Salem and Namakkal are camping in the area. Ongoing police investigations have focussed on the Kangaroo court organised by caste Hindus, which ordered Divya, the girl in the centre of the controversy, to return to her parents. Meanwhile, a number of dalit groups met Asra Garg on Friday and demanded that Goondas Act be slapped on those arrested in connection with the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17163750", "title": "Marching for a noise-free Diwali", "text": "KOLKATA: People from all walks of life joined a walk calling Kolkatans to boycott sound crackers this Diwali. Organized jointly by the Kolkata Police and Faces (Friends of Alumni of Colleges, Educational Institutes and Schools), the walk was led by sports minister Madan Mitra and DC (South) Vishal Garg. It started from the Rashbehari Avenue-SP Mukherjee Road crossing and ended at the Exide intersection, 2 km away.\"The idea was to try and remind people that Diwali is a festival of lights, not sound. It is not legal to burst sound crackers that violate the high court ruling and pollution control board guidelines. Yet, people buy and burst sound crackers. It inconveniences a lot of people and creates an unnecessary ruckus which should be avoided. We tried to spread the message that the celebrations should not harm anyone,\" said Jasjit Singh, secretary of Faces.Leaders of the Sikh community and members of the Christian and Muslim communities, too, joined the march along with scores of students, celebrities and citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17164951", "title": "Lawyers boo HC, condemn police action", "text": "MADURAI: Advocates belonging to the Madurai bench of the Madurai high court boycotted work on Friday, condemning the police action against them.On Wednesday, special government pleader K Mahendran was manhandled by a group of people inside the court premises. The other advocates, who witnessed the incident, rescued him and chased the culprits. M Manikandan of Meenakshipuram, one of the culprits, who injured himself while escaping, was caught by the advocates and handed over to the Othakadai police. Police registered a case against him based on a complaint from Mahendran. Manikandan was later admitted to hospital.However, on Thursday, Othakadai police filed an FIR against the special government pleader after Manikandan filed a complaint. Protesting this, advocates observed a court boycott on Friday. They wanted the police to stop taking action based on the FIR registered against Mahendran and other advocates. Meanwhile, a group of advocates of the Madurai bench staged a road roko in front of the high court premises on Friday, insisting on various demands including lifting of prohibitory orders in Kudankulam.The protest was led by S Vanchinathan, deputy secretary of Human Rights Protection Centre ( HRPC). At around 10am, the members came out from the high court premises and blocked the road. They raised slogans condemning the Goondas Act registered against two persons - Nasaren and Loordhusamy - in connection with Kudankulam protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17164137", "title": "Canadian PM bowls over Cottonians", "text": "BANGALORE: The cricket captain of Bishop Cotton Boys' School, Ankur Biswas, was clean bowled by an arm ball in the form of \"How long have you been playing cricket?\"The question came from Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , who on Friday visited the 147-year-old campus, hours before leaving the city after a two-day visit.\"He was eager to learn the rules of the game,\" said an elated Ankur, 17. \"And I told him how to run between the wickets and hit boundaries and sixes.\"The 22nd Prime Minister of Canada, who's currently visiting India, spent a little over an hour at the school, where he learnt some cricketing shots, played ice hockey on the basketball pitch using a tennis ball, and interacted with over 600 staff members and students, as wife Laureen Teskey cheered him on.He, however, didn't formally address the students.\"It is definitely the biggest moment in the school's history,\" said John K Zachariah, principal of Bishop Cotton Boys School. \"We are greatly honoured that world leaders of his stature choose to visit our school.\"Harper's proposed visit to the school had been communicated to Zachariah about two months ago. Since then, several delegates have been visiting the school premises to ensure the premier had no security problems during his visit, which had been kept highly confidential.\"He (Harper) was against a grand public function and wanted to spend time interacting with the children during his visit to our school,\" said Zachariah.Asked why the Conservative Party leader chose Bishop Cottons, Zachariah replied that it could be because of the Prime Minister's interaction with Old Cottonians, the school alumni.\"Our alumni have a prolific Canada chapter. This could be the reason he got to hear about the school and decided to pay a visit,\" he said.Harper, though, learnt a lot more than merely pitching, and confessed of his love for baseball. \"Cricket is very similar to baseball. However, while umpires stand behind the players in baseball, it's just the opposite with cricket,\" he said.He, however, had several tips to give to the emerging hockey players of the school. Distributing ice hockey sticks to students, the 53-year-old set up two teams for a hockey game using a tennis ball. The premier's team beat the rivals 2-0.\"I learnt a lot about ice hockey from the Prime Minister,\" said Zubin Pereira, Bishop Cotton's hockey team captain. \"But the best part was that the Prime Minister shook hands with all the students who came up to him. Though we couldn't interact about anything apart from cricket and hockey because of time constraint, we had a great time in his company,\" said the 17-year-old.\"The Prime Minster has a very friendly and down-to-earth attitude, very unlike the perception we have of a major state leader,\" added Ankur Biswas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17162687", "title": "Andhra Pradesh looks for new energy sources", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Friday agreed to hike the unit cost of private biomass power to be purchased by the discoms from Rs 4 to Rs 5.50 per unit for one year. In the times of power shortage in the state, the decision is expected to add 100 to 150 MW power to the grid. The CM also directed the New Energy Development Corporation ( Nedcap) officials to prepare an action plan to set up solar power units for lighting, cooking and hot water supply in all government schools and hostels.In a review meeting held with the ministers and officials at the secretariat on Friday, the chief minister asked the officials to go ahead with all the renewable energy projects, particularly the solar wind and biomass power projects and see that they are commissioned and generate power at the earliest. He cleared the solar and wind power policy guidelines and asked the officials to go ahead for finalisation of power purchase agreements. The chief minister asked the officials to go for the bidding of 1000 MW solar power in the first phase and see that the solar power projects are commissioned within six or seven months.The Electricity Regulatory Commission (ERC) is expected to come out with the new tariff for wind power by Monday and the state government has asked Discoms to sign power purchase agreements with the wind power generators immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17167851", "title": "An artistic evening", "text": "Bangalore's art frat recently got a dekko at the work of young artist Aditi Hazra, who was showcasing her works for the first time in the city. As guests caught up with each other over drinks and canapes, they strolled around the gallery, checking out the works on display.Artist Paresh Hazra was seen having an intense conversation with a few guests. We also spotted Shaheen and Jimmy Amrolia at the do, as well as Vani Ganapathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17164952", "title": "Madurai cops ready for Diwali rush", "text": "MADURAI: Police are gearing up for crowd management and theft control anticipating last-minute rush for Diwali purchase in Madurai.Police have set up five watch towers in the busy East Masi Street and South Masi Street. Policemen with binoculars would be manning the watch towers monitoring the crowd that is expected to gather no only from Madurai, but also adjoining districts for last-minute Diwali purchase. Police personnel would not only keep a watch for thieves and eve-teasers, but also manage traffic in the busy streets.Police also announced a ban on movement of trucks in the city from November 10 according to a traffic regulation plan in view of the festival. The trucks will not be allowed to enter Kamarajar Salai, Palace Road, East Marret Street, East Veli Street, East Masi Street, South Masi Street, Manjanakkara Street, South Marret Street, Netaji Road, West Masi Street, Town Hall Road, South Avanimoola Street, East Avanimoola Street, Tahsildar Pallivasal Street and Dhalavai Agraharam from 7am to 11am on November 10 and 11.On November 12, the trucks would not be allowed entry from throughout the day on November 12 while on November 13, the vehicles would not be permitted from 6am itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17165023", "title": "SBI to install cash accepter machine soon", "text": "BOKARO: Residents of the town will soon be able to deposit their cash 24*7 with State Bank of India (SBI) all set to install cash accepter machines (CAM) here. Apart from CAM, SBI is also going to install 11 new ATMs across the district in this financial year.With the highest numbers of ATMs in the country, SBI is going to be the first bank to install CAMs for the benefit of their customers. SBI has 70 ATM kiosks across the district, said Subodh Kumar Sinha, chief manager, administration of Bokaro Steel City branch. CAM will make banking more convenient for customers.Braj Kishore Soren, channel manager of SBI, said the CAM is a self-service machine as it eliminates the need of bank staff. It is easy to operate. Only an ATM card holder can use it. He said that in CAM, the user will find an option 'deposit', that is similar to the option 'withdrawal' in ATMs, pressing which the user can deposit the cash into the machine. The machine then verifies the notes and credits immediately into the customer account and provides a receipt for the same.CAM will also return damaged notes and seize couterfeits if deposited by anyone. Soren said that two CAMs will be installed in Bokaro town. They are still in the process of deciding the locality where it will be set up. CAMs have already reached the bank. \"It will be installed within a month,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17164307", "title": "Manager booked for selling seeds illegally", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR citing charges of cheating, fraud and criminal breach of trust has been lodged by Bilaspur police against three persons including the manager of a seed company , who allegedly selling seeds of around Rs 6 lakh in the market by fraudulently. The case has been registered on the complaint of Naseem, the managing director of the seed company. The case has been registered on the recommendation of economic offences wing. The MD said they have a warehouse on Gurgaon-Pataudi road and deals in different variety of seeds. The branch manager of their company has been selling 300 bags of seeds in market with the help of two aides. The manager neither informed this to company nor deposited the Rs 6 lakh, the amount he received after selling the seeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17165373", "title": "Use some common sense at times: Alastair Cook", "text": "Perhaps a mini-diplomatic row was averted with timely intervention from the England and Indian cricket boards on the second day of the England-Haryana warmup game on Friday.England's regular wicketkeeper Mat Prior was unwell and also vomited a little before the tea break. So during the tea break, England skipper Alastair Cook went to ask the umpires if 12th man Jonny Bairstow could keep wickets as Prior was \"seriously unwell\".But as per cricketing rules, the 12th man can't bowl, bat or keep wickets, he can only field. Amiesh Saheba, going by the rule book, disagreed. Cook was then heard telling Saheba that he too knows the rules but at certain times they can also \"use some common sense\". So Prior was back on the field keeping wickets.It was later learnt that someone from ECB contacted the BCCI and the Indian board in return contacted the teams and officials in Ahmedabad, asking them to allow Bairstow to keep provided Haryana skipper Amit Mishra agreed.Mishra readily agreed and Bairstow came out with his pads on. A little later, Stuart Board asked Jonathan Trott, who was fielding on the boundary line, \"Where is Prior?\" Trott said: \"Sleeping.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "rae bareli", "code": "17164193", "title": "Priyanka avoids media eye", "text": "RAE BARELI: An unusually reticent Priyanka Gandhi Vadra appeared intent on avoiding any interaction with the media here on Friday. She even cancelled her scheduled public appearance in Rae Bareli's Shivgarh area at the last minute. Priyanka was to inaugurate a solar powered submersible hand pump initiative in the region. Though no official reason was given for the cancellation, rumour mills said the usually accessible Priyanka avoided media glare in wake of recent corruption charges against her husband Robert Vadra.Concentrating her energies on restructuring the party organisation, Priyanka, on Friday, met Congress workers from Unchahar and Harchandpur blocks and assured them that the party would democratise its working style to involve more grassroots level workers in the decision-making process. Party workers who voiced their grievances about not having been heard in the past were advised to start afresh with renewed vigour. Official sources in the party said Priyanka met nearly 3,000 workers during her two-day visit. One such person, president of the Nyaya panchayat from Khairon block, Ram Bahadur Gupta, said, \"Priyanka told us that the party organisation will be restructured within the next fortnight. She also said senior leaders will be put in charge of monitoring development activities in the district and that she will keep tabs on development initiatives in Rae Bareli.\"Friday's focus, like the day before, remained on strengthening the party, sending out clear indications that Priyanka's responsibilities in party politics are on the rise; she not only promised to return to the parliamentary constituency more often, but also said she would interact regularly with party's block level workers in New Delhi. While every second Wednesday has been reserved for block and nyay panchayats, last Wednesdays of each month have been reserved for monitoring the status of all the complaints, suggestions and grievances received during the month.Priyanka also assured party workers that all MP Local Area Development funds will now be spent on developing areas that have remained neglected so far. The party hierarchy has also decided to take suggestions from local and grassroots level Congress workers for taking up developmental work in the Gandhi pocket borough. \"Though the issue of inflation and rising costs of LPG were not raised directly, Priyanka told us that the party will soon issue a circular to explain all the significant steps taken by the UPA government in recent times. This will allow us to spread the word about Congress's initiatives among the masses,\" said Raghuraj Singh, president of Rae Bareli's Saloan block.Priyanka, who began meeting party workers from eight blocks on Thursday, met more workers from seven blocks till 4pm on Friday. Locals said though she is known to take time off to interact with the masses, on Friday, she broke from the norm and proceeded to Lucknow, from where she returned to New Delhi, with little more than a smile and a perfunctory nod of the head.This was Priyanka's first visit to her mother's constituency after the party was trounced in UP assembly elections. Her unwillingness to speak to the media was also attributed to discomfort over Robert Vadra scandal that rocked the Gandhi family last month, after he was accused of entering into shady deals with the DLF group. Though the Congress was quick to come out in Vadra's defence, no member of the Gandhi family has, till now, made any comments on the issue.On Thursday, Priyanka accompanied brother Rahul Gandhi on his tour of Amethi where the duo met with some protests from locals demanding more jobs and better development in the area. Defending the protests, Congress's Mahendra Tiwari said: \"People have high expectations from the Gandhi family. Many complaints that they come to them with cannot even be addressed. However, as leaders, they are humble enough to lend everyone an ear.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17162958", "title": "Pay teachers on 1st of every month: Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: In a spot of good news for teachers on the eve of Diwali, the state government has ordered all managements, including gram panchayat, zilla parishad, municipal council, corporation, aided and private schools to pay salaries on the first of every month. Nearly seven lakh teachers will benefit from the decision.Also, the salaries will now be credited directly to their accounts through the electronic clearance system (ECS). The school education department had carried out a pilot project in Mumbai for the last one year and has now decided to extend the scheme to the rest of the state. While civic teachers are paid on time, teachers of civic-aided schools till August this year got their salaries a month late.It was four years ago that the government had issued a notification, making it mandatory for salaries to be credited through the ECS. However, it was not being implemented as most school managements had accounts in the district co-operative banks which do not have this facility.\"When money is credited to the bank account, the cooperative banks, which are in financial trouble, use the money for a few days and then credit it to the teacher's account. We were insisting that the government open accounts in nationalized banks which has now been done in most cases,\" said Kapil Patil, MLC, who represents teachers in the legislative council.Patil said teachers, especially in rural areas and slum schools in the city, have to pay back a percentage of their salaries to the school management. This is done under threat of losing their jobs. \"To stop this extortion, the government must renew the non-salary grant which has been stopped since 2004. Also, hiring teachers on a contract basis must be stopped,\" he said.The state government spends only 2.38% of its annual income on education. Patil said unless the government increases its spending to 6%, it is unlikely that children in the state will have access to quality education.Jayant Jain of Forum for Fairness in Education said, \"The government should issue another notification that teachers must be paid as per the Sixth Pay Commission.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17165458", "title": "Hu's 'wicked path' alert stirs row", "text": "BEIJING: As the Communist Party's National Congress entered the second day on Friday, delegates and observers began to make sense of some unexpected remarks from President Hu Jintao in his work report on the opening day. This includes his criticism of the party, his emphasis on the ballot box, and his warning about shunning the \"wicked path\".\"We cannot take the old road of seclusion and stagnation, nor can we take the 'wicked way' of changing our banner,\" Hu had said. The remark generated numerous questions on Weibo, the Chinese version of Twitter, on whether Hu, the party general secretary, was calling for change or status quo.Observers asked if Hu's emphasis on implementing democratic systems and ushering in the ballot box to choose leaders at the provincial and municipal levels has a political motive. \"Hu is trying to counter the conservatives led by former president Jiang Zemin , and use grassroots organizations to curtail their growing influence,\" a source said.There are signs that Jiang has managed to play an important role and pack the Polit Bureau Standing Committee with conservative elements. Incidentally, a post on Weibo displaying pictures of a bored and yawning Jiang was removed by censors within 25 minutes of its posting on Thursday afternoon.The President's attack on the corrupt black sheep in the party drew attention on Thursday but by Friday, party members began realizing that the president was unhappy about many other things as well. \"The whole party is confronted with increasingly grave dangers of lacking in drive, incompetence, being out of touch with the people, corruption and other misconduct,\" he said. He asked party men to demonstrate the \"moral integrity of Communists\".Hu was apparently prompted by the controversy concerning Wukun village in Guangdong last year when residents locked up the village refusing government officials to enter in protest against forcible land acquisition. The government was forced to bow to the demand of the villagers causing embarrassment to the leadership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "birbhum", "code": "17163497", "title": "Loba left in the lurch by 'changed' Mamata", "text": "BIRBHUM: In the year 2000, Mamata Banerjee , the opposition leader, is the first politician on ground zero after 11 farmers are killed in Nanoor in clashes over tilling rights. She stands by the victims' families and vows to fight for justice on the their families'behalf.Birbhum, 2012: Mamata Banerjee, the chief minister, stays away from the scene of clashes between the police and farmers in Loba on November 6, at the site of a proposed mining project, that leaves 37 injured. No senior Trinamool Congress leader or a minister from her government visits the area either.The 'poribartan' has left people in Loba, Bengal's latest land battleground, surprised and hurt. The November 6 violence at the village in Birbhum district may not be comparable with the Nanoor killings, but its significance runs deep. While the deaths at Nanoor put a scanner on the high-handed ways of the panchayats during Left rule, the flare-up at Loba has called into question the sincerity of the government's assertion that it will not have any role in acquisition of farm land for setting up industry.\"We had expected the ma, mati, manush government to look after our interests,\" says Ashis Misra, convener of the Krishi Jami Raksha Committee (KJRC), which was set up four years ago by the villagers of Loba to ensure that mining firm DVC-Emta did not buy land without ensuring adequate compensation, a rehabilitation package and jobs for the land-loser families.The KJRC claims farmers were surprised when the company started purchasing land in 2011, after Mamata came to power, at prices they believed was below par (DVC claims it offered a price of Rs 12 lakh per acre while the market price was about Rs 1.20 lakh per acre). The government did not intervene. Farmers allege a section of local CPM and Trinamool leaders joined hands with the company to facilitate the buying of land.\"They are using agents to purchase plots. No one has bothered to consult us. Our point of view must be heard, otherwise we will not give land,\" says Loba resident Kalicharan Mandal. It's a measure of the unpopularity of these 'agents' that a prominent one no longer stays in the village and keeps his cellphone phone number a secret.\"We had drawn the attention of our state leaders to the grievances of villagers about the process through which land was being purchased and sent memoranda,\" says Rohit Bhattacharya, Trinamool leader of Palashdanga village. The purchases, it is alleged, are taking place through intermediaries, at times using coercive methods. \"Somehow, no notice was taken of this. It would be of immense help if the chief minister intervenes to settle the dispute,\" Bhattacharya adds, though he also acknowledges that security considerations may not allow personal visits by Mamata and her colleagues.Uday Chand Mandal, a villager of Palasdanga, explains how \"coercive techniques\" are being used and why villagers had decided to impound an earth-moving machine that the police had come to recover, and which led to the clashes. \"The company may have managed to purchase some isolated plots from willing land-givers, but these plots are surrounded by others owned by farmers who do not wish to sell at the price offered. Now, the earth-mover is being used to dig the plots already purchased. As a result, earth from the adjoining plots is caving in. So, the unwilling land-givers have no option but to sell,\" Mandal says.DVC-Emta director N C Mukherjee claimed the depths to which these plots have been dug would not lead to collapse of adjoining plots.The KJRC has set up a 'dharna mancha' at the site where the earth-moving machine with a punctured tyre lies stranded to keep an eye on it. Members claim the KJRC represents farmers across political affiliations.\"We have subsumed our political identities to join the platform to protect our common interest. That's why when the police came to take the digging machine away on November 6, villagers went on the rampage together,\" says Misra.A number of battered police vans at the site and a few others towed away and parked in a different location stand as mute witnesses to the anger in Loba that has reached boiling point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17165623", "title": "Students donate for cancer patients", "text": "MHOW: The students of Mhow Army School came forward and donated generously for the cause of cancer patients. They collected among themselves more than one lakh rupees for the noble cause.School officiating principal SK Chowdhry told TOI that an appeal was made to the students to donate money to an NGO, the Cancer Society, working in the field of service to the cancer patients. The students responded to it and gave a handsome amount of 1,26,045.School management committee chairman Brig Abhay A Bhat handed over the donation cheque to Cancer Society central head Gurdeep Singh. Chowdhry said that it was an initative to sensitize the children about the dreadful disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17165708", "title": "Man held with counterfeit currency", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 52-year-old man was arrested on Friday for possessing counterfeit currencies. Police seized Rs5,000 counterfeit currency from him. The accused was identified as C Kandasamy of Ammapettai in Salem district.CB-CID counterfeit currency wing inspector G Krishnamurthy and his team got a tip off and had stopped Kandasamy near KMCH hospital on Avinashi road on Friday. The sleuths checked a bag and found Rs 5,000 counterfeit currency notes. He told police that he had given Rs 5,000 original currencies to Kannan of Rasipuram in Namakkal district and got Rs 10,000 counterfeit currencies.While he had circulated Rs 5,000 in Salem, he planned to circulate the remaining currencies in Coimbatore where he was arrested. The sleuths have seized the currencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17164417", "title": "Designer dresses attract buyers ahead of Diwali", "text": "LUCKNOW: City markets are flooded with people busy in shopping - from garments to accessories, the buzz is everywhere. And in order to attract customers, shopkeepers are walking the extra mile to ensure that they do not lose on the business front.In clothing, for women there are plenty of designs and varieties. The in-thing this Diwali is jacket style kurti. \"As per the convenience, the jacket can be attached or detached from the kurti. Being new and stylish, these kurtis are perfect for Diwali celebration,\" said Dheeraj Dembla, manager of a shop in Hazratganj. Starting from Rs 3,000, they are little high on pocket. Similarly, bi and tri-flared kurtis have caught the fancy of women. \"They have either double or triple frills,\" said Dembla.But for those who do not want to shell out more, there are anarkali suits. Both students and housewives are buying anarkali suits. \"They are in market since long, but still people prefer it. Believe me, they will be high in demand for five years down the line,\" he said.Talking about the colours, which are in vogue , Neha, a shopkeeper said, \"People are opting for bright colours like royal blue,\" and added that women are buying kurtis, which have more of thread work as they are bored of wearing sequence and zarkan work. Besides this, Kundan and stone work is popular in sarees.Meanwhile, with temperature dropping this time on Diwali, some people have purchased woollen clothes for the festival. Hoodies and long pullovers are most sought after. \"Earlier Diwali used to fall in October and this time it has been delayed. People think that it is advisable to buy winter clothes,\" said Dhruv Lamba, a shopkeeper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17164308", "title": "Gurgaon shops to be raided for food checks", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana health minister Rao Narender Singh has directed the officers concerned to check the sale of adulterated food by conducting surprise raids at shops and establishments in Gurgaon and other districts.The minister has issued directions to all deputy commissioners to form special teams to raid shops and godowns. The district administration in Gurgaon has decided to crack down on all the sweet shops in the region. The food safety officers have been involved in the raids that are likely to start from Saturday night. The products under the scanner of the raiding teams will be food items, especially milk and milk products. As per the Food Safety and Standards Act, the erring shopkeeper can be fined up to Rs 5 lakh ans sent to prison for six years.In the event of death occurring due to consumption of unsafe food, a penalty of up to Rs 10 lakh with imprisonment of up to seven years could be imposed on the retailer. The minister also said that the shopkeeper can be slapped a fine up to Rs 3 lakh for selling duplicate brands and of up to Rs 10 lakh in case of sale of food items through misleading advertisements. The minister has advised residents to avoid purchase of sweets, as these might have more colour than is permissible to attract customers, which is harmful for health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "17164480", "title": "Uttarakhand CM declares missing statehood activists dead", "text": "DEHRADUN: Chief Minister Vijay Bahuguna on Friday declared all activists, who went missing during statehood agitations in Uttarakhand in the 1990s, dead.Bahuguna said the government's move came following Uttarakhand Andloankari Manch (UAM)'s repeated demands while addressing a function to celebrate the 12th anniversary of the state's foundation. \"This will allow their families to automatically avail benefits at par with those of others who lost their lives during agitations to press for the separate Uttarakhand state.\"The CM said his government would conduct a survey to determine the exact number of the missing agitators before granting facilities to their families.UAM president Jagmohan Negi said four activists -- Shanker Dutt Pandey, Ramesh Raturi, Jianand Bahuguna and Jetu Singh - had gone missing.Bahuguna also announced an increase in the monthly pension for Uttarakhand statehood movement activists from Rs 3000 to Rs 5000.But a senior official said of the 7,000 activists, only 250 are getting monthly pension. \"These 250 are expected to get the hike. While an order issued on December 13 last year to include the rest to the list of beneficiaries is yet to come in force.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17165049", "title": "Shop online, add sparkle to Diwali", "text": "KANPUR: Those looking for newer ways to shop must check internet offers this Diwali. The trend of internet shopping during festivals is fast catching up.Right from dry fruits to idols of gods and goddesses, from apparels and jewels to flowers, everything is available on internet, even firecrackers.The net-savvy consumers are being offered hundreds of products related to Diwali. The internet shopping also offers electronic products such as TV, refrigerator, washing machine and kitchenware, gadgets like mobiles, iPods, digital cameras and laptops.In order to facilitate online shopping, many search engines give information on festival shopping and enable the customers to search for thousands of products, compare and look for the best deals. Some of these websites are Tradus.com, Junglee.com, Flipkart.com and others.Nandini, a net-savvy student says: \"The biggest advantage of online shopping is its discount, free gifts, low prices and product selection. More so, it gives you an access to thousands of products at a click of the mouse.\"\"Online shopping gives buyers a wide variety of items to chose from. This year, I have ordered an ethnic suit for myself which I will get in 3-5 days. This would be my Diwali gift,\" said Priyanshi.An housewife said that her husband has ordered kitchenware through Tradus.com website and I will be getting this Diwali gift in few days.In these websites, the most noticeable items are 'pooja thalis'. Beautifully decorated with colourful laces and artificial stones, these thalis give an ultimate ethnic look. A variety of beautifully decorated thalis are avalable at reasonable rates. \"What can be more user friendly than getting sweets on a click of mouse. Time is also saved,\" says Kratika.Online shoppers are also attracted towards branded crackers, which are being offered by the fire-crackers companies. Home-made sweets and sweet packs are being made available to the shoppers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17162770", "title": "Task force to finalize tech for waste treatment", "text": "PANAJI: The task force on waste management on Friday decided to finalize the technology to be used for garbage treatment plants by the end of the year even as the government is keen on Bainguinim for the waste management site.At the first meeting of the task force headed by chief minister Manohar Parrikar , it was decided to invite request for proposal (RFP) for suitable technology to be used. The chief minister told mediapersons that a five-member committee has been formed with Sanjit Rodrigues as the nodal officer, to scrutinize and shortlist companies providing the technology within 45 days. GSIDC will be the nodal agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17167504", "title": "Army officer charred to death in Jammu &amp; Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: An army officer belonging to the elite counter-insurgency unit was charred to death when a fire broke out in his camp in Bandipora district of Kashmir, officials said on Saturday.Lt Colonel S Apte, second in command of counter -insurgency 5 Para unit of the army, died after fire engulfed four huts inside the camp in Bandipora, 35 kms from here, last night.Other army personnel stationed in the camp are safe, the officials said.A short circuit apparently triggered the fire. Army authorities are probing the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17165613", "title": "The joint campaign: Should we not legalize recreational use of Cannabis?", "text": "NEW DELHI: What two American states, Washington and Colorado, have decided to do - legalize recreational use of marijuana - was the norm in India until 1985. All cannabis derivatives - marijuana (grass or ganja), hashish (charas) and bhang - were legally sold in this country. As a matter of fact, most state governments had their own retail shops to sell these drugs. India has known, consumed and celebrated ganja, charas and bhang for millennia.Their consumption was never regarded as socially deviant behaviour any more than drinking alcohol was. If there was any bias against ganja or charas, it was that these were often viewed as the poor man's intoxicant by the upper classes. But come Holi, these prejudices would melt away as rich and poor savoured the joyous high of bhang. Even now, despite a legal ban, recreational use of these drugs is widespread in India.Keeping marijuana legal was actually an enlightened view. It is now medically proven that marijuana is less harmful than alcohol. In fact, the good weed has medical uses (as many as 19 US states have legalized marijuana for medical purposes). However, moderation is the key. While excessive and sustained consumption of alcohol can cause severe liver damage leading to death, excessive use of marijuana too can cause some damage, mainly to our sensory abilities. In moderation, marijuana is a gentle mood-altering relaxant.So, if there is a rational policy towards intoxicants and we allow the sale and consumption of liquor, there is no good reason to not similarly allow sale and consumption of marijuana, hashish and bhang. For years, India has held this position. For 25 years since 1961, it has withstood American pressure to keep marijuana legal. Which brings us to the story of why it was banned in India.Since 1961, the US has been campaigning for a global law against all drugs, both hard and soft. Given that ganja, charas and bhang were a way of life in India, we opposed the drastic measure. But by the early '80s, American society was grappling with some drug problems and opinion had grown against the \"excesses\" of the hippie generation. In 1985, the Rajiv Gandhi government buckled under the pressure and enacted a law called the Narcotic Drugs &amp; Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act.It was a poor law that clubbed marijuana, hashish and bhang with hard drugs like smack, heroin, cocaine and crack, and banned them all. The minimum punishment for violation of the NDPS Act was 10 years of jail (it has since been relaxed and the crackdown on marijuana has eased somewhat). What happened as a result of this law was that almost overnight the entire trade shifted from peddling grass or charas to smack or worse. This was because while the risk was the same, profits from the hard-killer drugs were ten times higher.And suddenly, there was a drugs problem in India. In cities like Delhi, for instance, smack addiction grew. The addicts were mostly poor people - those who had earlier smoked grass were now 'chasing' smack. Newspapers reported cases of men selling off all household goods to get money for a fix. What is significant is that instances of deviant behaviour were rare when marijuana, hashish and bhang were legal. The poorly thought-out NDPS Act had actually created a drugs problem where there was none.Twenty seven years later, now that some American states have \"shown the way\", it is time to revisit the ban. When ganja, charas and bhang don't have obvious medical negatives and don't lead to addiction or violent behaviour (which alcohol may be accused of doing), why then should it not be legal as it was in India for centuries? Especially, when there is no social or cultural rejection of them. On the contrary, it is a way of life in our country. Poorly thought-out laws lead to corruption and the harassment of ordinary people. It also tells on the health of the nation. Instead, the NDPS Act should be amended and soft drugs such as ganja, charas and bhang should be made legal.What is cannabis?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17165411", "title": "Asaram's son to depose, finally", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After disregarding summons from Justice D K Trivedi commission on several occasions, spiritual guru Asaram Bapu and his son Narayansai have finally agreed to appear for questioning in connection with mysterious deaths of two kids - Dipesh and Abhishek Waghela in their ashram at Motera in 2008.The commission warned of issuance of warrant after Narayansai did not appear on summons on Thursday. Finally, the commission ordered him to appear on Sunday morning for deposition and fixed December 1 for the questioning of Asaram. This order was passed on an undertaking given by Asaram's counsel B M Gupta on Friday.The commission has asked the ashram authority to give undertaking on an affidavit in this regard on Saturday that the father-son duo would appear on the schedule date.Besides, Asaram's counsel also submitted an undertaking that the commission's order for Narayansai and Asaram to remain present for questioning would not be challenged before court. The commission made some adverse remarks about behaviour of the witnesses and the reasons put forth by them, whenever they were directed to appear for deposition in the past. The state government as well as lawyer representing parents of the kids objected to the reason forwarded by Asaram's counsel for him not being able to attend the proceeding due to Diwali festivities.Earlier, Asaram requested the commission to come to his ashram at Motera for questioning. He claimed that if he comes to the commission's office, there are chances of disturbance of law and order situation. Asaram also offered that he could be questioned through video-conferencing. But the commission rejected the proposal.The commission was set up by the state government after much uproar over deaths of the children in July 2008.SC declines CBI probe in ashram death caseThe Supreme Court (SC) on Friday refused to order a CBI probe into the death of Dipesh and Abhishek and dismissed an appeal filed by the parents. SC also rejected a state government's application against the Gujarat high court order to drop charges of 304 A of IPC against seven office bearers of the ashram who were arrested in this case. Earlier the CID (crime) slapped charges of causing death by negligence (304A) and culpable homicide. But HC removed charges of causing death by negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17163701", "title": "Youth Congress to demand 15% share in Lok Sabha, assembly tickets", "text": "NAGPUR: The Youth Congress that saw its first direct elections early this year on the format devised by AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi is now aiming it high on political scale. Its state president Vishwajeet Kadam and vice-president Satyajit Tambe said here on Friday they would be demanding at least 15% tickets to be given by the Congress party for state and general elections 2014.Kadam and Tambe were here to hold a regional meeting of the youth wing to review its work in the year and plan future strategy and action. Among the major successes during the year was the 'Chalo Panchayat' programme in which the youth members concentrated on rural affairs and tried to understand issues that people living in the villages faced. The other programme 'Outreach' dealt with issues of SC, ST and minority communities in the state.\"We have studied the situation on regional basis. One of the major concerns we found was the poor rate of employment generation in state. There has been a slowdown generally over the last one decade and in the last few years because of electricity and water shortage in state that may have deterred investors to start new businesses here,\" said Tamble. \"Now, we will take up these issues and try to resolve them through the government,\" said Kadam. For this, if needed padyatras may be organized in every region to focus of specific problems, the YC state president added.Kadam said in the local bodies elections held this year, participation of the youth was satisfactory. \"The youth got adequate representation. For instance, in Buldhana a booth level functionary was given ticket for ZP election and was elected,\" said Kadam. He was hopeful in the next state and Lok Sabha elections, too, the youth would get a better chance.On issues related to women in 18 to 35 age group, the Youth Congress has formed a sub-committee which is finalizing a 'women's charter'. While Kadam denied it, this effort is apparently a counter to NCP leader Supriya Sule's special wing floated for girls joining her party. The charter would be released next month. On complaints of some elected members in the city resorting to violence, Kadam feigned ignorance but added that violence and rowdyism would not be tolerated. \"I will gather information on such incidents and try to curb such tendency,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17164340", "title": "Kamal Nath let off by HC on illegal poll expense", "text": "JABALPUR: Union minister and Chhindwara MP Kamal Nath got a respite from the Madhya Pradesh high court which dismissed a petition filed against him by his rival from the BJP, Chandrabhanu Singh Chaudhary.Filed after the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, the petition charged Kamal Nath with willful omission to disclose expenditure incurred during electioneering which, according to him, had exceeded the Election Commission's ceiling. The last hearing in the matter took place on August 31 when the presiding judge, Justice KK Lahoti, had reserved the judgment.Chaudhary had claimed that the estimate submitted before the EC by the Congress leader did not provide a correct account of the money he had actually spent, and also that it was full of misrepresentations and distortions. The minister, he contended, had spent Rs 58 lakh on helicopters during his high profile campaign. The helicopters pressed flew for at least two hours every day for 18 days, the petition alleged. The amount paid by the minister would total up well beyond the permissible limit of Rs 25 lakh, he added.Nath's counsel Vivek Tankha contended that since the company was like a family venture to Kamal Nath - the chopper owners are close family friends - his client got hefty concessions and paid only Rs 5 lakh. Moreover, as the petitioner had raised no objection at the time when the estimate of the election expenses was submitted and accepted by the EC, he could not base the petition on this issue now.Pronouncing the judgment on Thursday, Justice Lahoti held that the petitioner had failed to provide clinching evidence to back up the charges. Apart from unsubstantiated allegations, there was no material on record - receipts of rental etc- produced before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-10"}
